<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230613_10-K_edgar_data_1737372_0001213900-23-048561.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8263862</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328352</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1564613</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1947170</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2154010</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2049950</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-048561.hdr.sgml : 20230613
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230613160303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-048561
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230613
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230613

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sysorex, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001737372
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				680319458
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55924
		FILM NUMBER:		231011257

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13880 DULLES CORNER LANE, SUITE 175
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 680-7412

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13880 DULLES CORNER LANE, SUITE 175
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inpixon USA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180412

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-048561.txt : 20230613

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_sysorexinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ to _______________ 

Commission
File Number 

SYSOREX, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
Common Stock, 0.00001 par value per share 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate whether any of those error corrections
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was based on the closing price reported
for such date on the OTCQB Marketplace. 

As of June 12, 2023, the registrant had shares of common
stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

SYSOREX,
INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

SPECIAL
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 
 ii 

PART
 I 

1 
 
 ITEM
 1: 
 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A: 
 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 3 
 
 ITEM
 1B: 
 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 2: 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 3: 
 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 4: 
 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 19 

PART
 II 

20 
 
 ITEM
 5: 
 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 6: 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 7: 
 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 7A: 
 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 8: 
 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM
 9: 
 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9A: 
 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9B: 
 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 9C: 
 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 34 

PART
 III 

35 
 
 ITEM
 10: 
 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 11: 
 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 12: 
 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 13: 
 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 14: 
 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 50 

PART
 IV 

50 
 
 ITEM
 15: 
 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 50 
 
 ITEM
 16: 
 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

SIGNATURES 
 54 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

AND
OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You
can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can find many (but not
all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, hopes, expects, 
 anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, would, 
 should, could, may or other similar expressions in this report. In particular, these include
statements relating to future actions; prospective products, applications, customers and technologies; future performance or results
of anticipated products; and projected expenses and financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or
projections. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to: 

We are currently in default under our convertible debentures.
All our assets are encumbered to secure the payment of secured convertible debentures that will require payments if not previously converted
to common stock; 

Our existing and future debt obligations could impair our liquidity
and financial condition. We are currently in default under our convertible debentures. If we are unable to meet our debt obligations,
the lenders could foreclose on our assets; 

We do not currently have enough authorized shares of common
stock under our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to meet all of our potential obligations to third parties; 

Our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses or new products, or to realize anticipated synergies in connection with mergers and acquisitions; 

Our ability to address and respond to market conditions and risks in the digital asset industry and increased scrutiny by regulators; 

General economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets; 

A decline in the popularity or acceptance of the digital asset systems, could adversely affect an investment in us; 

Our cash position and our history of losses; 

Our ability to achieve profitability; 

Customer demand for the products and services we offer; 

The impact of competitive or alternative services, products, technologies, and pricing; 

Increased delays in delivery of product due to worldwide strain on supply chain primarily due to labor, raw material, and chip shortages; 

General economic conditions and events and the impact they may have on us, on our customers, and on our potential customers; 

A security breach, through cyber-attack, cyber intrusion, insider threats or otherwise, or other significant disruption of our IT networks and related systems; 

Our ability to obtain adequate financing in the future; and 

Our ability to continue as a going concern. 

ii 

our
 ability to complete strategic transactions, which may include acquisitions, mergers, dispositions,
 joint ventures, or investments. 

lawsuits
 and other claims by third parties. 

our
 success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. 

the
 Restatement of our financial statements for the Affected Periods and the impact of such Restatement
 on our future financial statements and other financial measures. 

The
 material weaknesses we identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our efforts
 to remediate such material weaknesses and the timing of remediation. 

our
 common stock is now quoted on OTC Market s Pink Tier as a result of failing to satisfy
 the minimum bid price requirement for the OTCQB; 

authorized
 shares will be insufficient to convert debenture holders; and 

other
 factors discussed in this report. 

The
forward-looking statements are based upon management s beliefs and assumptions and are made as of the date of this report. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements included in this report. You should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. 

Unless
otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms Sysorex, we, us, our, 
and the Company refer collectively to Sysorex, Inc. and its subsidiaries, TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc. TTM
Digital and Sysorex Government Services, Inc. SGS ). 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1: BUSINESS 

Overview 

Sysorex, Inc. through its wholly owned subsidiary, Sysorex Government
Services, Inc. SGS ), provides information technology solutions primarily to the public sector. These solutions include
cybersecurity, professional services, engineering support, IT consulting, enterprise level technology, networking, wireless, help desk
and custom IT solutions. In addition to SGS, the Company has another wholly owned subsidiary, TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc. TTM Digital ). TTM Digital is a digital asset technology company that previously operated specialized cryptocurrency mining
processors and was previously focused on the Ethereum blockchain ecosystem. As of September 15, 2022, Ethereum switched from a Proof of
Work model to a Proof of Stake model and as a result, the Company is no longer mining Ethereum or any other cryptocurrency. TTM Digital
no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens or crypto assets at this time and does not conduct any mining activities and does
not have any plans to mine crypto tokens in the future. TTM Digital is currently exploring alternative uses and sales opportunities for
its Graphics Processing Units GPU assets and datacenter located in Lockport, NY. The Company had previously been in discussions
with a third party to sell its mining assets and certain associated real property. 

Overview
of the Company s Subsidiaries 

Sysorex
Government Services 

SGS is a provider of information technology solutions from multiple
vendors, including hardware products, software, services, including warranty and maintenance support, offered through our dedicated sales
force, ecommerce channels, existing federal contracts and service team. Since our founding, we have served our customers by offering products
and services from key industry vendors such as Aruba, Cisco, Dell, GETAC, Lenovo, Microsoft, Panasonic, Samsung, Symantec, VMware and
others. We provide our customers with comprehensive solutions incorporating leading products and services across a variety of technology
practices and platforms such as cyber, cloud, networking, security, and mobility. We utilize our professional services, consulting services
and partners to develop and implement these solutions. Our sales and marketing efforts in collaboration with our vendor partners allow
us to reach multiple customer public sector segments including federal, state and local governments, as well as educational institutions. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our sales to federal, state and
local governments accounted for approximately 100 of our SGS net sales. Our past customers have included, among others, federal and international
government agencies and state and local governments. Although SGS has had many customers, two customers generated approximately 87 of
SGS s gross revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. One customer accounted for 61 of SGS s gross revenue in 2022;
however, this customer may or may not continue to be a significant contributor to revenue in 2023. We plan to continue to focus our efforts
on existing and potential government customers. 

SGS
experiences variability in our net sales and operating results on a quarterly basis as a result of many factors. SGS experiences some
seasonal trends in our sales of technology solutions to government and educational institutions. For example, the fiscal year-ends of
U.S. Public Sector customers vary for those in the federal government space and those in the state and local government and educational
institution SLED space. SGS generally sees an increase in our second quarter sales related to customers in the U.S. SLED
sector and in our third quarter sales related to customers in the federal government space as these customers close out their budgets
for their fiscal year (June 30 th and September 30 th , respectively). SGS may also experience variability in our
gross profit and gross profit margin as a result of changes in the various vendor programs we participate in and its effect on the amount
of vendor consideration we receive from a particular vendor or their authorized distributor/wholesaler, may be impacted by a number of
events outside of our control. 

1 

TTM
Digital 

TTM Digital is a digital asset
technology company that previously operated specialized cryptocurrency mining processors and was previously focused on the Ethereum blockchain
ecosystem. As noted in Overview, the Company is no longer mining Ethereum or any other cryptocurrency. TTM Digital no longer holds
any Ethereum or other crypto tokens or crypto assets at this time, does not conduct any mining activities, and does not have any plans
to mine crypto tokens in the future. 

In the fall of 2021, the Company
made the decision to divest certain mining equipment and the data center of the TTM Digital reporting unit and commenced discussions with
a third party to execute an asset sale in the spring of 2022. On March 24, 2022, the Company executed Heads of Terms Heads of
Terms with Ostendo Technologies, Inc. Ostendo which included certain binding and non-binding provisions. Pursuant
to the Heads of Terms, the Company and Ostendo agreed to certain terms related to the Company s sale of its Ethereum mining assets
and certain associated real property Assets to Ostendo for Ostendo preferred stock. The parties agreed that the Assets
to be sold would not include the Company s Ether funds generated prior to and held at closing. The definitive terms of the sale
of Assets were to be set forth in definitive transaction agreements to be executed by the parties. Additionally, pursuant to the Heads
of Terms, the Company agreed to make a non-refundable deposit of 1,600,000 Deposit to be credited toward the purchase
of an additional 166,667 shares of Ostendo s preferred stock. The Company has in good faith worked with Ostendo to ensure all closing
terms and closing conditions were mutually agreed upon, however, the parties have not entered into definitive transaction agreements and
accordingly, it was determined in November 2022 that the transaction will not proceed. In November 2022, the Company requested that Ostendo
issue, pursuant to the Heads of Terms, shares equal to the initial deposit made by the Company of 1,600,000. In November 2022, the Company
received a certificate, dated November 14, 2022, for the shares, and thereafter, the Company received confirmation that the Certificate
of Designations for the preferred stock had been filed and accepted by the California Secretary of State on November 14, 2022. 

TTM Digital is exploring the possibility of hosting client computing
and evaluating all of its options, including the sale of its assets. TTM Digital is actively talking with potential third-party buyers
privately, the assets have not been listed for sale in any formal capacity at this time. The TTM Digital assets are tied to its 2021 private
placement offering (convertible debt) as collateral, therefore any transactions related to the sale of TTM Digital assets would require
approval of 66.7 of the debenture holders to allow for any sale of assets. TTM Digital is not using any assets to mine any cryptocurrency
at this time and has no plans to mine any crypto assets at this time or in the future. Most of the TTM Digital assets can be utilized
for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or other non-mining uses that require significant GPU computer resources. At this time
the Company is exploring those uses in detail. 

Employees 

As of June 12, 2023, we had
14 full-time employees. We believe our employee relations to be good. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
office is located at 13880 Dulles Corner Lane, STE 120, Herndon, Va. 20171 which is where our records are kept. Our website addresses
are www.sysorexinc.com and www.ttmdigitalassets.com. Our telephone number is (703) 961-1125. 

2 

ITEM
1A: RISK FACTORS 

Although
smaller reporting companies like the Company are not required to respond to this item, we have elected to do so in the interest of full
disclosure. 

Certain
factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should carefully consider
the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including
our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or believe are not material may also become important factors that adversely affect our
business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline, and you could lose part or all your investment. 

Risks
Related to our Business 

We are currently in default under our convertible
debentures. All our assets are encumbered to secure the payment of secured convertible debentures that will require payments
if not previously converted to Common Stock. 

We encumbered all our assets
to secure the payment of indebtedness and accrued interest due on secured convertible debentures required to be repaid by approximately
July 2022, subject to certain extensions, if not previously converted. 

The Company s outstanding
obligations which encumber the Company s assets to secure payment of certain secured convertible debt are as follows: 

15,272,017 worth of convertible debt on December 31, 2022, which encumber all of the Company s assets to secure payment, and which are convertible into 43,634,338,259 shares of the Company s common stock based on an assumed conversion price of 0.00035 per share using a May 30, 2023, 5-day VWAP with a 50 discount. 

Because we are in default in
repayment, our secured creditor could exercise its remedies, including the execution on all our assets, which would result in the termination
of our activities. Unless we generate enough cash, we may not have sufficient funds to pay our debentures and other indebtedness when
due. In such an event, we might be required to sell our assets and properties to meet our obligations, or to seek an extension to our
debentures, or alternative debt or equity financing. This would also cause our stock price to decline and could make an investment in
us worthless and would have a material adverse effect on our investors and the Company. 

Even if we are able to cure
our default on the debentures, the existence of these secured obligations and the terms of the securities purchase agreement may impair
our ability to obtain capital from external sources in certain manners. 

Our existing and future debt obligations
could impair our liquidity and financial condition. We are currently in default under our convertible debentures. If we are unable to
meet our debt obligations, the lenders could foreclose on our assets. 

All of our assets are encumbered
to secure the payment of secured convertible debentures that will require payments if not previously converted to common stock. We are
currently in default on these debt obligations. Our debt and financial obligations: 

could impair our liquidity; 

could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our other obligations; 

require us to dedicate cash flow to payments on our debt and financial obligations, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate requirements; 

impose restrictions on our ability to incur other indebtedness, grant liens on our assets, and could impede us from obtaining additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate purposes; 

could adversely affect our ability to enter into strategic transactions, public or private equity offerings, and similar agreements, or require us to obtain the consent to enter into such transactions; 

make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business prospects and could limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our industry and markets; and 

could place us at a competitive disadvantage when compared to our competitors. 

We are in default under the
secured convertible debentures. Since we have pledged substantially all of our assets to secure our obligations under the secured convertible
debentures, the debt default could enable the lenders to foreclose on the assets securing such debt and could significantly diminish the
market value and marketability of our common stock and could result in the acceleration of other payment obligations or default under
other contracts. 

3 

We do not currently have enough authorized
shares of common stock under our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to meet all of our potential obligations to third parties. 

Our Articles of Incorporation,
as amended, provide for 3,000,000,000 authorized shares of our common stock. As of June 12, 2023, we have 2,484,426,501 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, holders of our convertible debentures have delivered notices of conversion covering
an aggregate of 1,159,494,989 shares of common stock. If we issued the shares that are subject to the notices of conversion that have
been delivered, it would result in us issuing more shares than we have authorized. Accordingly, in order to meet all of these obligations,
we will need to amend our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the authorized shares of our common stock. We can give no
assurance that we will obtain the requisite affirmative vote of our shareholders to so amend our Articles of Incorporation, as amended,
which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and the market for our shares. 

We have a history of operating losses and our auditors have indicated
that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had an approximate cash balance of 0.03 million, working capital deficit of approximately 18.1 million, and an accumulated deficit
of approximately 61.4 million. In an effort to raise capital, on October 18, 2022, the Company completed a .5 million private placement,
and subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company sold investments in certain preferred shares held for approximately 0.18 million to
a related party. Despite these efforts to raise capital, the aforementioned factors continue to raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. 

The Company does not believe
that its capital resources as of December 31, 2022, its ability to settle a portion of existing convertible debt obligations through issuance
of the Company s shares, availability on the SouthStar facility to finance cash advances to suppliers, purchase orders and invoices,
reauthorization of key vendors and credit limitation improvements will be sufficient to fund planned operations during the next twelve
months. Additionally, the Company is in default on the aforementioned convertible debt, which was due to be repaid in July 2022, and is
accruing related interest, late fees and other penalties. As a result of the above factors, the Company will need additional funds to
fulfil its obligations. On September 22, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the authorization of 3 billion shares of common
stock, however, all of the Company s authorized shares have been issued or reserved since October 21, 2022, resulting in unfilled
conversion notices and an inability to fill potential future conversion notices from convertible debt holders. In order for the Company
to fulfil any further conversion obligations, the Company would need to receive approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA for a reverse stock-split and obtain shareholder approval for an increase in authorized shares. Existing unfilled
conversion notices received in excess of available and authorized shares as of June 12, 2023, total 1,159,494,989. In order to satisfy
all possible conversion obligations from existing debtholders as of December 31, 2022, the Company estimates a share deficit of approximately
43.4 billion shares based on the 3 billion currently authorized. Given these circumstances, it is improbable that the Company will be
able to satisfactorily fulfil such obligations, even if the above steps are successfully taken. 

The Company continues to explore
a number of other possible solutions to its financing needs, including efforts to raise additional capital as needed, through the issuance
of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, as well as possible transactions with other companies, strategic partnerships, and other
mechanisms for addressing our financial condition. The Company will utilize its current contracts that are not limited to a single branch
of government or a specific agency as these contracts can provide the Company with an opportunity to attain new solutions and service
type orders. The Company will also utilize SGS s small business status to partner with prime contractors on larger orders. The Company
currently utilizes SouthStar to finance purchase orders and it also can factor its receivables if needed to fund operations. After considering
the plans to alleviate substantial doubt, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 

4 

If the Company is unable to
raise additional capital on terms acceptable to the Company and on a timely basis, or is unable to attain new vendors, the Company will
be required to downsize or wind down its operations through liquidation, bankruptcy, or sale of its assets. In addition, up until September
15, 2022, the Company had been reliant on its ability to liquidate Ethereum to continue to fund operations when needed, however the Company
is no longer mining Ethereum and as such, the Company will not be able to fund operations through the liquidation of Ethereum for the
next twelve months. 

Our capital resources and
operating results, as of and through December 31, 2022, consist of the (i) an overall working capital deficit of 18.1 million, (ii) cash
and cash equivalents of 0.03 million, of (iii) net cash used in operating activities of 7.5 million, (iv) net cash provided by investing
activities of 6.5 million, and (v) net cash provided by financing activities of 0.4 million. 

We
have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and concluded that we had
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and therefore, our disclosure controls and procedures
may not be effective in providing material information required to be included in any future periodic SEC filings on a timely basis and
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in any future periodic SEC filings is accumulated and communicated to our management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure about our internal control over financial reporting. See Item 9A: Controls
and Procedures. More specifically, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the following material
weaknesses: 

1. The Company does not have
 a formal top-down risk assessment process or cyber risk assessment to identify significant process areas, underlying key controls,
 nor does the Company have a monitoring process in place to monitor internal control over financial reporting. 

2. The
Company did not properly design or maintain effective entity level monitoring controls over the financial close and reporting process.
The Company s controls surrounding the review of financial statements, vendor agreements, key reconciliations and accounting for
complex transactions were not designed and did not operate at a level of precision that would prevent or detect a material misstatement. 

3. The Company did not design and implement appropriate user access controls
to ensure segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user access to financially significant information systems, and schedules,
specifically surrounding mining revenue and mining equipment. 

4. The
Company has not implemented formalized and documented detective compensating controls over significant process areas integral to financial
reporting that mitigate insufficient segregation of duties. 

5. The
Company did not properly design or maintain effective controls over its service organizations and IT vendors. More specifically, the
Company did not properly design or implement controls to ensure that data received from third parties is complete and accurate or have
controls in place to review the applicable complementary user entity controls described in service organizations reports for their
potential impact on the Company s financial reporting. 

5 

Although
management has started to implement, and will continue to implement, actions to remediate the underlying causes of the control deficiencies
that gave rise the material weaknesses, we cannot provide any assurance that the remediation efforts will be successful or that our internal
control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. 

On May 17, 2022, subsequent to the evaluation as of December 31, 2021,
management, in agreement with the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors, determined that the previously issued financial
statements for the Affected Periods (as hereinafter defined) should no longer be relied upon and required restatement. Accordingly, the
Company filed an amendment on Form 10-K (the 10-K Amendment to restate the Company s previously issued consolidated
financial statements and financial information as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as well as to provide restated interim
financial information as of September 30, 2021 and for the three and nine months then ended (collectively, the Affected Periods ),
contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC on April 14, 2022 (the Original Form 10-K and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2021 (the Form 10-Q ). As discussed in Note 1A, Restatement of Consolidated Financial Statements, 
of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 included from previously
reported information for the year ended December 31, 2021, the correction of certain errors, as discussed in the 10-K Amendment, from
previously reported information for the year ended December 31, 2021, has resulted in an increase in net loss of 8.4 million, primarily
as a result of a 6.3 million in expense related to the revaluation on the derivative conversion liability, an increase in interest expense
of 0.9 million, and an increase in the loss contingency on debt default of 1.2 million. See Risk Factors Risks Related
to Restatement of Our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act related
to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we continue to have material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal
control and accounting procedures and disclosure controls and procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital
could be more difficult. If additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail to address
the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, our business may be harmed. Moreover,
effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to prevent financial fraud. If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our securities could drop significantly. 

We
are a holding company whose subsidiaries are given a certain degree of independence, and our failure to integrate our subsidiaries may
adversely affect our financial condition. 

We
have given our subsidiary companies and their executives a certain degree of independence in decision-making. On the one hand, this independence
may increase the sense of ownership at all levels; on the other hand, it has also increased the difficulty of the integration of operation
and management, which has resulted in increased difficulty of management integration. In the event we are not able to successfully manage
our subsidiaries, this will result in operating difficulties and have a negative impact on our business. 

6 

We are a relatively small company with limited staff and a limited
accounting department. Our limited staff and resources may affect our internal controls over financial reporting. Our failure to implement
measures that will ensure adequate controls over our financial and other reporting processes could cause us to fail to meet our financial
and other reporting obligations. 

While
we continue to evaluate and improve our internal controls following the Merger, we are a relatively small company with limited staff,
particularly with a limited accounting department. The Company currently relies on the part-time services of third-party consultants
to help us with our financial accounting, our reporting obligations, and our controls over financial processes and reporting. 

Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent
limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses
in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial
reporting process. 

Due
to our current staffing limitations, we cannot be certain that the measures we implement in the future will ensure that we design, undertake,
and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting. Any failure by us to hire and retain experienced accounting
and financial reporting personnel, implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation,
could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 

Adverse
judgments or settlements in legal proceedings could materially harm our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

We
are subject to pending claims for non-payment by certain vendors in an aggregate amount of approximately 1.1 million including interest
as of December 31, 2022, which is approximately 8 of our total assets. We may also be a party to other claims that arise from time to
time in the ordinary course of our business, which may include those related to, for example, contracts, sub-contracts, protection of
confidential information or trade secrets, adversary proceedings arising from customer bankruptcies, employment of our workforce and
immigration requirements or compliance with any of a wide array of state and federal statutes, rules and regulations that pertain to
different aspects of our business. We may also be required to initiate expensive litigation or other proceedings to protect our business
interests. There is a risk that we will not be successful or otherwise be able to satisfactorily resolve any pending or future litigation.
In addition, litigation and other legal claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of currently pending
legal matters may change in the future. Those uncertainties include, but are not limited to, litigation costs and attorneys fees,
unpredictable judicial or jury decisions and the differing laws and judicial proclivities regarding damage awards among the states in
which we operate. Unexpected outcomes in such legal proceedings, or changes in management s evaluation or predictions of the likely
outcomes of such proceedings (possibly resulting in changes in established reserves), could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Due to recurring losses and net capital deficiency, our current financial
status may increase our default and litigation risks and may make us more financially vulnerable in the face of pending or threatened
litigation. See Risks Related to our Business We are currently in default under our convertible debentures. All our
assets are encumbered to secure the payment of secured convertible debentures that will require payments if not previously converted
to Common Stock. 

Future
issuances of our common stock pursuant to various existing instruments including, but not limited to the existing convertible debentures
and right to shares letter agreements could result in additional significant dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders
and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

In
the future, the Company will have an obligation to issue its common stock pursuant to various securities instruments entitling their
holders to receive shares of the Company s common stock, including but not limited to rights to shares letter agreements and convertible
debentures. Although such instruments typically provide for the limitation of the percentage of the common stock of the respective beneficial
owners, the holders of such instruments are expected to obtain shares of common stock from time-to-time or, in some instances, to direct
the Company to issue the shares of common stock to designated third parties. As a result, our shareholders may be materially diluted,
and the price of our common stock may decline. 

7 

Risks
Related to Out Former Cryptocurrency Mining Business 

The
recent transition of Ethereum to proof-of-stake validation caused us to cease mining Ethereum and all other crypto currencies. 

Proof-of-stake is an alternative
method in validating cryptocurrency transactions. Now that Ethereum has transitioned to proof-of-stake, our data mining assets can no
longer mine Ethereum as of September 15, 2022, and as such, all revenues from mining operations have ceased. The Company is no longer
mining Ethereum or any other cryptocurrency. TTM Digital no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens or crypto assets currently
and does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans to mine crypto tokens in the future. 

It
may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use digital assets in one or more countries. 

The United States has current
regulations in place applicable to digital assets, including with respect to when digital assets may be a security for purposes of the
U.S. federal securities laws. Additionally, the recent bankruptcy filings of FTX, the third largest digital asset exchange by volume at
the time of its filing, and its affiliated hedge fund Alameda Research LLC, in addition to other bankruptcy filings of crypto companies
throughout calendar year 2022, the industry has faced increased regulatory scrutiny from U.S. regulatory agencies such as the SEC
and CFTC. On June 5, 2023, the SEC filed lawsuits against cryptocurrency exchanges Coinbase and Binance. Additionally, the United States,
one or more countries such as China, India, and Russia may take further regulatory actions in the future that severely restricts the right
to acquire, own, hold, sell, or use digital assets or to exchange digital assets for fiat currency. Such an action may also result in
the restriction of ownership, holding, or trading in our securities. Such restrictions may adversely affect an investment in us. For example,
the Bank of England, in June of 2021, issued a paper for comments in which it explains that stablecoins should have the same regulations
as fiat currencies. 

The
SEC has been active in asserting its jurisdiction over Initial Coin Offerings ICO and digital assets and in bringing
enforcement cases. The SEC has directed enforcement activity toward digital assets, and more specifically, ICOs. The SEC has issued guidance
and made numerous statements regarding the application of securities laws to digital assets. For example, on July 25, 2017, the SEC issued
a Report of Investigation (the Report which concluded that DAO Tokens offered and sold by the Decentralized
Autonomous Organization DAO ), a digital decentralized autonomous organization and investor-directed venture capital fund
for digital assets, were issued for the purpose of raising funds. The Report concluded that these tokens were investment contracts 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act and Section 3(a)(10) of the Exchange Act, and therefore securities subject
to the federal securities laws. In December 2017, the SEC issued a cease-and-desist letter ordering a company to stop its initial coin
offering of tokens on the grounds that it failed to file a registration statement or qualify for an exemption from registration. Similar
to the tokens issued by the DAO, the SEC found that these tokens satisfied the definition of an investment contract, and
were therefore subject to the federal securities laws. 

In
September 2017, the SEC created a new division known as the Cyber Unit to address, among other things, violations involving
distributed ledger technology and ICOs, and filed a civil complaint in the Eastern District of New York charging a businessman and two
companies with defrauding investors in a pair of so-called ICOs purportedly backed by investments in real estate and diamonds. Subsequently,
the SEC has filed several orders instituting cease-and-desist proceedings against certain entities in connection with their unregistered
offerings of tokens for failing to register a hedge fund formed for the purpose of investing in digital assets as an investment company
for failing to register as a broker-dealer, even though it did not meet the definition of an exchange for failing either to register
as a national securities exchange or to operate pursuant to an exemption from registration as an exchange after creating a platform that
clearly fell within the definition of an exchange. 

8 

On March 9, 2022, President
Biden signed an executive order on cryptocurrencies. While the executive order did not mandate any specific regulations, it instructs
various federal agencies to consider potential regulatory measures, including the evaluation of the creation of a U.S. Central Bank digital
currency. We cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of digital assets under the law, including,
but not limited to, whether digital assets will be classified as a security, commodity, currency and/or new or other existing classification.
Such additional regulations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely affecting an investment
in us. If we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain or all
of our operations. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Further, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties
as a result of any regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our reputation and affect the value of our common stock. On
April 4, 2022, shortly after President Biden s executive order, SEC Chairman Gary Gensler announced that he has instructed the
SEC staff to work (i) to register and regulate digital asset platforms like securities exchanges; (ii) with the CFTC on how to jointly
address digital asset platforms that trade both securities and non-securities; (iii) on segregating out digital asset platforms 
custody of customer assets, if appropriate; and (iv) on segregating out the market making functions of digital asset platforms, if appropriate.
These efforts have a high likelihood or result in new interpretations or regulations that would have material effects on our business
that are impossible to predict. 

Although we previously engaged
in the mining of cryptocurrency, and previously held cryptocurrency assets, the Company no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens
or crypto assets at this time and the company does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans to mine crypto tokens
in the future. 

Recent
bankruptcies and financial distress among crypto asset market participants have caused widespread disruption in the crypto asset markets
which may cause reputational harm to the Company. 

The recent bankruptcies and
financial distress among crypto asset market participants have caused widespread disruption in the crypto asset markets. Additionally,
although we are not directly connected to the recent cryptocurrency market events, we may still suffer reputational harm due to our association
with the cryptocurrency industry in light of the recent disruption in the crypto asset markets. Although we previously engaged in the
mining of cryptocurrency, and previously held cryptocurrency assets, the Company no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens or
crypto assets at this time and the company does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans to mine crypto tokens in
the future. The recent disruptions in the crypto asset markets have caused regulators, such as the SEC, to more closely focus on companies
with any level of involvement in crypto assets, whether past or present, such as the Company. With the recent developments in the market,
our assets (GPUs and datacenter) may be impacted from a valuation perspective due to the uncertainty in the market. GPUs, which are typically
used to mine cryptocurrencies, have returned to pricing that is closer to retail value rather than overvalued (i.e., marked up above retail
due to supply constraints and demand). Additionally, there has been general reputational harm to the market due to the volatility of crypto
exchanges, which has affected crypto token pricing negatively as well as pricing of mining equipment. The Company has minimized its impact,
since it stopped mining crypto tokens on September 15, 2022, and the Company liquidated its crypto token holdings before the mass disruption
in the market due to bankruptcies and increased risks in the market. Additionally, the Company s crypto assets were not based on
client holdings and crypto tokens were mined for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders value. However, the volatility
in the market has caused the Company s assets (GPUs and datacenter) to decline in value. The Company no longer holds any Ethereum
or other crypto tokens or crypto assets at this time and the company does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans
to mine crypto tokens in the future. 

Our
business, financial condition, share price and results of operations may still be adversely affected by recent cryptocurrency industry-wide
developments beyond our control. 

Even
though neither TTM Digital nor the Company holds any cryptocurrency assets at this time, our business, financial condition, share price
and results of operations may still be adversely affected by recent cryptocurrency industry-wide developments beyond our control, including
the continued industry-wide fallout from the recent Chapter 11 bankruptcy filings of cryptocurrency exchanges FTX Trading Ltd., et al. FTX (including its affiliated hedge fund Alameda Research LLC), crypto hedge fund Three Arrows Capital Three
Arrows and crypto lenders Celsius Network LLC, et al. Celsius ), Voyager Digital Ltd., et al. Voyager and BlockFi Inc., et al. BlockFi ). Although our former cryptocurrency mining business has no exposure to any of the cryptocurrency
market participants that recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy; we have no assets, material or otherwise, that may not be recovered
due to these bankruptcies; and we have no exposure to any other counterparties, customers, custodians or other crypto asset market participants
known to have (i) experienced excessive redemptions or suspended redemptions or withdrawal of crypto assets, (ii) their crypto assets
of their customers unaccounted for, or (iii) experienced material corporate compliance failures; and our other business activities are
unaffected by the recent crypto market events; our business, financial condition, share price and results of operations may not be immune
to unfavorable investor sentiment resulting from these recent developments in the broader cryptocurrency industry. 

9 

Although we previously engaged
in the mining of cryptocurrency, and previously held cryptocurrency assets, the Company no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens
or crypto assets at this time and the company does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans to mine crypto tokens
in the future. With the aforementioned developments in the market, our assets (GPUs and datacenter) may be impacted from a valuation perspective
due to the uncertainty in the market. GPUs, which are typically used to mine cryptocurrencies, have returned to pricing that is closer
to retail value rather than overvalued (i.e., marked up above retail due to supply constraints and demand). Additionally, there has been
general reputational harm to the market due to the volatility of crypto exchanges, which has affected crypto token pricing negatively
as well as pricing of mining equipment. The Company has minimized its impact, since it stopped mining crypto tokens on September 15, 2022,
and the Company liquidated its crypto token holdings before the mass disruption in the market due to bankruptcies and increased risks
in the market. Additionally, the Company s crypto assets were not based on client holdings and crypto tokens were mined for the
benefit of the Company and its shareholders value. However, the volatility in the market has caused the Company s assets
(GPUs and datacenter) to decline in value. The Company no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens or crypto assets at this time
and the company does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans to mine crypto tokens in the future. 

The
Company may be at a higher risk of litigation and other legal proceedings due to heightened regulatory scrutiny of the cryptocurrency
industry, which could ultimately be resolved against the Company requiring future cash payments or charges, which could impair the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. 

Although we previously engaged
in the mining of cryptocurrency, and previously held cryptocurrency assets, the Company no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens
or crypto assets at this time and the Company does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans to mine crypto tokens
in the future. The cryptocurrency aspect of the Company s former business could make it susceptible to various claims, both in litigation
and binding arbitration proceedings, legal proceedings, and government investigations, due to the heightened regulatory scrutiny following
the recent disruptions in the crypto asset markets. The Company believes that since cryptocurrency mining, and the digital asset industry
generally, is a relatively new business sector, it is more likely subject to government investigation and regulatory determination, particularly
following the recent cryptocurrency market participant bankruptcies described elsewhere herein. Any claims, regulatory proceedings or
litigation that could arise in the course of the Company s business could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its
business or operations. 

10 

Risks
Related to Restatement of Our Consolidated Financial Statements 

We had to restate our previously issued
consolidated financial statements, as previously disclosed, and as disclosed in the Amendments to our Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2021. We have identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2022.
If we are unable to develop and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report
our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and may adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

On May 17, 2022, subsequent
to the evaluation as of December 31, 2021, management, in agreement with the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors,
determined that the previously issued financial statements for the Affected Periods (as hereinafter defined) should no longer be relied
upon and required restatement. We then filed Amendment No. 1 to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Amendment
No. 1 on May 23, 2022 to restate the Company s previously issued consolidated financial statements and financial information
as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as well as to provide restated interim financial information as of September 30,
2021 and for the three and nine months then ended (collectively, the Affected Periods ), contained in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April
14, 2022 (the Original Form 10-K and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2021 (the Form 10-Q ). On June 1, 2022, we filed Amendment No. 2 to our Form 10-K because Amendment No. 1 contained a typographical
error on the date of the audit report of Friedman LLP Friedman ). Although Friedman s audit report was dated April
14, 2022, except for the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 1A, Note 12, Note 13, and Note 19 to the consolidated financial
statements, as to which the date is May 23, 2022, the copy of Friedman s audit report that was included in Amendment No. 1 incorrectly
included a date of April 13, 2022 (instead of April 14, 2022). Amendment No. 2 on Form 10-K Amendment No. 2 was filed
to correct the typographical error regarding the date on Friedman s audit report, such that the date of Friedman s audit
report is April 14, 2022, except for the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 1A, Note 12, Note 13, and Note 19 to the consolidated
financial statements, as to which the date is May 23, 2022. 

As discussed in Note 1A, Restatement
of Consolidated Financial Statements, of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2021 included in Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2, the correction of certain errors, as discussed in Amendment No.
1 and Amendment No. 2, from previously reported information for the year ended December 31, 2021, has resulted in an increase in net loss
of 8.4 million, primarily as a result of a 6.3 million in expense related to the revaluation on the derivative conversion liability,
an increase in interest expense of 0.9 million, and an increase in the loss contingency on debt default of 1.2 million. 

As
previously disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2022 with the SEC, on May 17, 2022, the Company s
management determined that its prior conclusion that the conversion feature of the Company s 12.5 senior secured
convertible debentures (the Debentures qualified for equity classification and, therefore, qualified for the application
of the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s (the FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06
was incorrect. Management has determined that the conversion feature was a liability classified derivative under the FASB s Accounting
Standards Codification (ASC) 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity from the inception requiring
recognition at fair value for each reporting period. 

The
Company s management, in agreement with the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors, have determined that the
previously issued financial statements for the Affected Periods should no longer be relied upon due to this error and require restatement.
Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 (i) reflect the changes discussed above for the Affected Periods, (ii) restates the Company s
consolidated financial statements as and for the year ended December 31, 2021, and (iii) provides restated unaudited financial information
as of September 30, 2021, and for the three and nine months then ended. The error does not impact the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the quarters ended March 31, 2021, or June 30, 2021. 

11 

As a result of the factors
described above, the Company has included in Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 the restated consolidated financial statements as of
and for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Total
 net loss Restated to reflect the understatement of total other income (expense),
 and net loss by 8.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Liabilities
 and accumulated deficit Restated to reflect the understatement of liabilities and
 accumulated deficit by 8.4 million as of December 31, 2021 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reporting and
prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weaknesses. These remediation measures may be time consuming and
costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Any failure to maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact on our ability to report our financial position and results from operations
on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations.
Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or
other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We
can give no assurance that the measures we are taking and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weaknesses identified
or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement
and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful
in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls, and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify
irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 

We
may face litigation and other risks as a result of the Restatement and material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

As
a result of the Restatement and the identified material weaknesses, and other matters that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we
face the potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities
laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the Restatement and/or the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Registration Statement, we have no knowledge of any
such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such
litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

12 

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Common Stock 

Trading
on the OTC Markets is volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for you to
resell your common stock. 

Our common stock is quoted
on the Pink Tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTC Markets ). Trading in securities quoted on the OTC Markets is often
thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors, some of which may have little to do with our operations
or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance.
Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than the trading
of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq Capital Market or a stock exchange like the NYSE American. These factors may result
in your having difficulty reselling any shares in our common stock. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile
in the future. You may not be able to resell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s
adverse reaction to volatility. 

Other
factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our operating results; 

the absence of securities
 analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we may have a low trading
 volume for several reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall stock market fluctuations; 

announcements concerning
 our business or those of our competitors; 

actual or perceived limitations
 on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions or trends in
 the industry; 

litigation; 

changes in market valuations
 of other similar companies; 

future sales of common
 stock; 

departure of key personnel
 or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general market conditions. 

Any
of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in
general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

13 

Our
common stock is currently a penny stock under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny
stock. 

Our
common stock is currently a penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with
a per-share price below 5.00). If our common stock becomes listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, it will not be considered penny
stock, however, if we are unable to maintain that listing and our common stock is no longer listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market,
unless we maintain a per-share price above 5.00, our common stock will become penny stock. These rules impose additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify
as established customers or accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness
for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock
not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks
in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the
market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide a special written determination that the penny stock is
a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal
remedies available to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock 
 is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may
 be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock 
 is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for
 damages. 

These
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements
may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many
brokerage firms will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest
in penny stocks. In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial
risk generally associated with these investments. 

For
these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if
ever, our common stock will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

If
the benefits of any proposed acquisition do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price
of our common stock may decline. 

If
the benefits of any proposed acquisition do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our common
stock prior to the closing of the proposed acquisition may decline. The market values of our common stock at the time of the proposed
acquisition may vary significantly from their prices on the date the acquisition target was identified. 

In
addition, broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock irrespective of our operating performance.
The stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be
predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive
to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations.
A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability
to obtain additional financing in the future. 

Changes
in accounting principles and guidance, or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including
changes to our previously filed financial statements, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate
accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations, may have a significant effect
on our reported results and retroactively affect previously reported results. 

14 

Being a public company results in additional
expenses, diverts management s attention, and could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified directors. 

As a public reporting company,
we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. These requirements generate significant accounting, legal and financial
compliance costs and make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly and may place significant strain on our personnel
and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting. In order to establish the requisite disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting, significant resources and management oversight are required. 

As a result, management s
attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could have an adverse and even material effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. These rules and regulations may also make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance. If we are unable to obtain appropriate director and officer insurance, our ability to recruit and retain
qualified officers and directors, especially those directors who may be deemed independent, could be adversely impacted. 

We
are an emerging growth company and our election to delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable to
public companies may result in our financial statements not being comparable to those of some other public companies. As a result of
this and other reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our securities may be less attractive to investors. 

As
a public reporting company with less than 1,235,000,000 in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of certain reduced reporting requirements and is relieved
of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. In particular, as an emerging
growth company we: 

are not required to obtain
 an attestation and report from our auditors on our management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
 pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

are not required to provide
 a detailed narrative disclosure discussing our compensation principles, objectives and elements and analyzing how those elements
 fit with our principles and objectives (commonly referred to as compensation discussion and analysis 

are not required to obtain
 a non-binding advisory vote from our stockholders on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements (commonly referred to
 as the say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden-parachute votes); 

are exempt from certain
 executive compensation disclosure provisions requiring a pay-for-performance graph and CEO pay ratio disclosure; 

may present only two years
 of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations MD A and 

are eligible to claim longer
 phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

15 

We intend to take advantage
of all these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial
accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. Our election to use the phase-in periods may make it difficult to compare our financial
statements to those of non-emerging growth companies and other emerging growth companies that have opted out of the phase-in periods under
 107 of the JOBS Act. 

Certain
of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a smaller
reporting company under SEC rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor attestation
and report regarding management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to provide a compensation
discussion and analysis; are not required to provide a pay-for-performance graph or Chief Executive Officer pay ratio disclosure; and
may present only two years of audited financial statements and related MD A disclosure. 

Under
the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of the above-described reduced reporting requirements and exemptions for up to five years after our
initial sale of common equity pursuant to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act or such earlier time that
we no longer meet the definition of an emerging growth company. In this regard, the JOBS Act provides that we would cease to be an emerging
growth company if we have more than 1,235,000,000 in annual revenues, have more than 700 million in market value of our Common
Stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1.0 billion in principal amount of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. Further,
under current SEC rules we will continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company for so long as we have a public float
(i.e., the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates) of less than 250 million as of the last business day of our most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the price of our securities may be adversely affected. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting has weaknesses and conditions that require correction or remediation. For the year ended December
31, 2022, we identified a material weakness in our assessment of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective due to the following material weaknesses: 

1. 
 The Company does not have a formal top-down risk assessment process
or cyber risk assessment to identify significant process areas, underlying key controls, nor does the Company have a monitoring process
in place to monitor internal control over financial reporting. 

2. 
 The Company did not properly
 design or maintain effective entity level monitoring controls over the financial close and reporting process. The Company s
 controls surrounding the review of financial statements, vendor agreements, key reconciliations and accounting for complex transactions
 were not designed and did not operate at a level of precision that would prevent or detect a material misstatement. 

3. 
 
 The Company did not design and implement appropriate
 user access controls to ensure segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user access to financially significant information
 systems, and schedules, specifically surrounding mining revenue and mining equipment. 

4. 
 The Company has not implemented formalized and documented detective compensating controls over significant process areas integral to financial reporting that mitigate insufficient segregation of duties. 

5. 
 The Company did not properly
 design or maintain effective controls over its service organizations and IT vendors. More specifically, the Company did not properly
 design or implement controls to ensure that data received from third parties is complete and accurate or have controls in place to
 review the applicable complementary user entity controls described in service organizations reports for their potential impact
 on the Company s financial reporting. 

16 

Although
management has implemented, and continues to implement, actions to remediate the underlying causes of the control deficiencies that gave
rise the material weaknesses, we cannot provide any assurance that the remediation efforts will be successful or that our internal control
over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Restatement of
Our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

If we fail to comply with
the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act related to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we continue to have material
weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures and disclosure controls and procedures, our stock price
could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. If additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies
are discovered or if we otherwise fail to address the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls
and procedures, our business may be harmed. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports
and are important to prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating
results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our securities
could drop significantly. 

We
are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and if we fail to continue to comply, our business
could be harmed, and the price of our securities could decline. 

Rules
adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial
reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm.
The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex,
and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant
expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take
or costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and
to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment
and remediation process on a timely basis. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer determines that our
internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react
or how the market prices of our securities will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and the
market value of our securities may be negatively affected. 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

From time to time,
certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions
in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to
Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months, subject only to the current public information requirement. Affiliates
may sell after six months, subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), current public information, and notice
requirements. Of the approximately 2,484,426,501 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 12, 2023, approximately 1,933,270,220
shares are tradable without restriction. Given the limited trading of our common stock, resale of even a small number of shares of our
common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective registration statement may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to do so in the future. 

Holders of shares of our common
stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. To date, we have paid no cash dividends on
our shares of common stock, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain
future earnings, if any, to provide funds for the operations of our business. Therefore, any return investors in our common stock may
have will be in the form of appreciation, if any, of the market value of their shares of common stock. See Dividend Policy. 

We
will indemnify and hold harmless our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by Nevada law. 

Our bylaws provide that we
will indemnify and hold harmless our officers and directors against claims arising from our activities to the maximum extent permitted
by Nevada law. If we were called upon to perform under our indemnification agreement, then the portion of our assets expended for such
a purpose would reduce the amount otherwise available for our business. 

17 

The
planned Reverse Stock Split may decrease the liquidity of the shares of our common stock. 

On June 15, 2022, the Company s
Board of Directors approved to affect a reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.00001
per share, at a ratio of no less than 1-for-500 and no more than 1-for-1,000, with such ratio to be determined at the sole discretion
of the Board of Directors. On September 22, 2022, the Company held its 2022 virtual annual meeting of stockholders, at which the Company s
stockholders voted in favor of, among other matters, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding shares of common
stock, par value 0.00001 per share, at a ratio of no less than 1-for-500 and no more than 1-for-1,000, with such ratio to be determined
at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors. On November 1, 2022, the Company Board of Directors approved an Articles of Amendment
to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to affect a 1 for 1,000 reverse stock split Reverse Stock Split of the
Company s common stock. The current status of the Reverse Stock Split is that the Company has notified the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA) of the Reverse Stock Split, which will not be effective until FINRA processes it, and at such time we ll file
the Articles of Amendment with the State of Nevada to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split. The liquidity of the shares in our common stock
may be affected adversely by the planned Reverse Stock Split given the reduced number of shares outstanding following the Reverse Stock
Split. In addition, the planned Reverse Stock Split may have increased the number of shareholders who own odd lots (less than 100 shares)
of our common stock, creating the potential for such shareholders to experience an increase in the cost of selling their shares and greater
difficulty affecting such sales. 

Our
common stock is now quoted on OTC Market s Pink Tier as a result of failing to satisfy the minimum bid price requirement for the
OTCQB. 

Our
common stock is now quoted on OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTC Markets Pink Tier under the symbol SYSX, as a
result of failing to satisfy the minimum bid price requirement for the OTCQB. Our common stock was previously quoted on the OTCQB Tier
under the symbol SYSX. In order to be in compliance with OTCQB Standards, among other things, a company must maintain a
minimum closing bid price of 0.01 per share on at least one of the prior 30 consecutive calendar days. Further, pursuant to the OTCQB
Standards, in the event that a company s closing bid price falls below 0.001 at any time for five consecutive trading days, such
company will be immediately removed from OTCQB. Effective November 25, 2022, the Company s common stock was removed by OTC Markets
from the OTCQB as a result of failing to satisfy the minimum bid price requirement for the OTCQB, and as of such date began being quoted
on the OTC Market s Pink Tier. 

18 

ITEM
1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2: PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 13880 Dulles Corner Lane, Suite 120, Herndon, Virginia 20171. We lease this premise, which
consists of approximately 5,758 square feet pursuant to a lease that expires on May 31, 2025, with the following gross monthly rent payments: 

Gross 

Monthly 

Rent 
 
 Month 
 Payment 
 
 Month 1 Month 12 
 17,514 
 
 Month 13 Month 24 
 17,996 
 
 Month 25 Month 36 
 18,490 
 
 Month 37 Expiration Date 
 18,999 

In
addition, the Company owns and operates its data center in New York. The data center facility is located in an industrial redevelopment
area which has a property tax abatement and pays certain fees in lieu of property taxes under an agreement with the Industrial Development
Agency. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs. 

ITEM
3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There
is no material pending legal proceedings as defined by Item 103 of Regulation S-K, to which we are a party or of which any of our
property is the subject, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business. 

Sysorex, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), entered into a Promissory Judgment Note dated as of August 15, 2018
(the Note ), with Tech Data Corporation Tech Data ), pursuant to which the Company promised to pay the principal
sum of 6,849,423.42 to Tech Data. The Note provides that interest shall accrue on the balance of the Note at the rate of 18 per annum.
Due to miscommunication with Tech Data, the Company inadvertently failed to pay, when due, some of the installment payments in the aggregate
principal amount of 3,341,801.80, as set forth in the Note and has defaulted under the Note. 

On December 14, 2021, the
Company became aware that a Confession of Judgment (the Confession of Judgment had been entered against the Company in
the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara by Tech Data on September 24, 2021. The Confession of Judgement is
entered for a total sum of 5,942,559.05, which is comprised of the principal sum of 3,341,801.80 and prejudgment interest in the sum
of 2,600,757.25. Following a negotiation with Tech Data, the Company was able to reduce the Award by more than 4.2 million, and on January
13, 2022, the Company and Tech Data entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement (the Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement, the Company paid 1,375,000 on January 14, 2022. The Company recognized a gain on settlement of 1.5 million.
The Award was deemed satisfied in full. Among other things, Tech Data agreed to file an acknowledgment of full satisfaction of judgment
attached as an exhibit to the Settlement Agreement, not take any further action against the Company in connection with or relating to
the Judgment, and release the Company and its representatives from any and all claims, including the Judgment, which Tech Data may have
against the Company based upon any transaction that occurred at any time before the date of the Settlement Agreement. 

On June 3, 2022, the Company
became aware that a Complaint had been entered against the Company in the United States District Court Southern District of New York
by ProActive Capital Partners, L.P, a convertible debenture holder. The Complaint is entered for injunctive relief to honor is stock
conversion, recover damages, and receive payments due under the Debenture agreement. The convertible debenture principal and interest
of 0.2 million is recorded in the consolidated balance sheets accrued liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
The notice of conversion to convert its convertible debt to shares of the Company s stock will be honored. 

There
are no proceedings in which any of the directors, officers, or affiliates of the Company, or any registered or beneficial holder of more
than 5 of the Company s voting securities, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to that of the Company. 

ITEM
4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

ITEM
5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Shares
of our common stock trade on the OTC Markets, Pink Tier under the symbol SYSX. The following table sets forth the high
and low closing prices for our common stock for each quarterly period during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, as reported
by the OTC Markets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent
actual transactions. 

Common Stock 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

January 1, 2021, through March 31, 2021 
 3.40 
 0.30 
 
 April 1, 2021, through June 30, 2021 
 15.00 
 0.79 
 
 July 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021 
 4.05 
 0.68 
 
 October 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021 
 0.97 
 0.19 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022: 

January 1, 2022, through March 31, 2022 
 0.23 
 0.02 
 
 April 1, 2022, through June 30, 2022 
 0.11 
 0.005 
 
 July 1, 2022, through September 31, 2022 
 0.04 
 0.003 
 
 October 1, 2022, through December 31, 2022 
 0.004 
 0.0005 

The
closing price of our common stock on the OTC Markets, Pink Tier on June 5, 2023, was 0.0008. 

Stockholders
of Record 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 219 stockholders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common
stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held through banks, brokers, other financial institutions,
and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared nor paid any cash dividends to stockholders. We do not currently expect to pay dividends on our capital stock. The
payment of any dividends in the future, and the timing and amount thereof, is within the discretion of our board of directors. The board s
decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements,
debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in any debt instrument, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints,
and other factors that the board deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from
operations. We cannot guarantee that we will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividends if we begin paying dividends. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Information
about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 11 of this report . 

Performance
Graph 

Pursuant
to the accompanying instructions, the information called for by Item 201 I of Regulation S-K is not required. 

Unregistered
Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds 

On October 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the SPA ), dated as of October 18, 2022, by and among the Company and each of the each of the investor s
signatories thereto (each an Investor and collectively, the Investors ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA,
the Company agreed to sell to each Investor a number of Units of securities of the Company (each, a Unit ), at a purchase
price of 0.001 per Unit, with each Unit being comprised of: (i) one share of common stock (each, a Purchased Share and
collectively, the Purchased Shares (ii) a warrant to acquire one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.001
per share, which exercise price will not be subject to adjustment as a result of any forward or reverse split of the common stock (each,
a Warrant 1 and (iii) a warrant to acquire one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.001 per share, which exercise
price will not be subject to adjustment as a result of any forward or reverse split of the common stock (each, a Warrant 2 ).
The Investors, collectively, subscribed for a total of 500,000,000 Units, consisting of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, warrant 1s
to acquire 500,000,000 shares of common stock, and Warrant 2s to acquire 500,000,000 shares of common stock, for total consideration payable
to the Company of 500,000. 

The
above shares have been sold and issued in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

20 

ITEM
6: [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis
here and throughout the Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including but not limited
to, risks described in the section entitled Risk Factors . 

Overview
of the Company s Subsidiaries 

Sysorex
Government Services 

SGS is a provider of information
technology solutions from multiple vendors, including hardware products, software, services, including warranty and maintenance support,
offered through our dedicated sales force, ecommerce channels, existing federal contracts and service team. Since our founding, we have
served our customers by offering products and services from key industry vendors such as Aruba, Cisco, Dell, GETAC, Lenovo, Microsoft,
Panasonic, Samsung, Symantec, VMware and others. We provide our customers with comprehensive solutions incorporating leading products
and services across a variety of technology practices and platforms such as cyber, cloud, networking, security, and mobility. We utilize
our professional services, consulting services and partners to develop and implement these solutions. Our sales and marketing efforts
in collaboration with our vendor partners allow us to reach multiple customer public sector segments including federal, state and local
governments, as well as educational institutions. 

The
consolidated financial statements present the combined results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows of Sysorex and its
subsidiaries. These financial statements were prepared on a combined basis because the operations were under common control. All intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated between the combined entities. 

21 

TTM
Digital 

TTM Digital is a digital asset
technology company that previously operated specialized cryptocurrency mining processors and was previously focused on the Ethereum blockchain
ecosystem. As of September 15, 2022, Ethereum switched from a Proof of Work model to Proof of Stake model and as a result, the Company
is no longer mining Ethereum or any other cryptocurrency. 

The
Company made the decision to divest certain mining equipment and the data center of the TTM Digital reporting unit and commenced discussions
with a third party to execute an asset sale in the spring of 2022. On March 24, 2022, the Company executed Heads of Terms Heads
of Terms with Ostendo Technologies, Inc. Ostendo ). Pursuant to the Heads of Terms, the Company and Ostendo agreed
to certain terms related to the Company s sale of its Ethereum mining assets and certain associated real property Assets to Ostendo for Ostendo preferred stock. The Company agreed to make a non-refundable deposit of 1,600,000 Deposit to
be credited toward the purchase of an additional 166,667 shares of Ostendo s preferred stock. The Company has in good faith worked
with Ostendo to ensure all closing terms and closing conditions were mutually agreed upon, however, the parties have not entered into
definitive transaction agreements and accordingly, it was determined in November 2022 that the transaction will not proceed. In November
2022, the Company received a certificate, dated November 14, 2022, for the shares, and thereafter, the Company received confirmation
that the Certificate of Designations for the preferred stock had been filed and accepted by the California Secretary of State on November
14, 2022. 

Subsequent
to the Ostendo transaction not proceeding, TTM Digital explored alternate long-term uses for its assets and concluded that mining other
coins was not a feasible path forward due to the volatility in crypto prices, and repurposing its assets was not a viable path forward
as it would require significant upfront investments to its datacenter infrastructure. TTM Digital is currently exploring sales opportunities
for its GPU assets and datacenter located in Lockport, NY. 

Known
Trends or Uncertainties 

SGS
experiences variability in our net sales and operating results on a quarterly basis as a result of many factors. SGS experiences some
seasonal trends in our sales of technology solutions to government and educational institutions. For example, the fiscal year-ends of
U.S. Public Sector customers vary for those in the federal government space and those in the state and local government and educational
institution SLED space. SGS generally sees an increase in our second quarter sales related to customers in the U.S. SLED
sector and in our third quarter sales related to customers in the federal government space as these customers close out their budgets
for their fiscal year (June 30th and December 31st, respectively). SGS may experience variability in our gross profit and gross profit
margin as a result of changes in the various vendor programs we participate in and its effect on the amount of vendor consideration we
receive from a particular vendor or their authorized distributor/wholesaler, may be impacted by a number of events outside of our control. 

22 

Basis
of Presentation 

In
connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future
events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We
base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to
be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review the accounting policies, assumptions,
estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with
certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Discussion
of Results of Operations of SGS for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

SGS
operates on the resale of technology products and associated services related to those products. These products are resold through several
contracts with the federal government in SGS portfolio of contracts. SGS suppliers include wholesale distributors of major technology
products, small niche product suppliers, services from specialized partners, and services from SGS own resources. 

The
lifecycle of an order includes: solicitation of a requirement form the customer, quotation or proposal in response to the solicitation,
evaluation of quote or proposal by the customer, awarding an order to SGS based on favorable evaluation, customer order is then entered
in as a sales order, the SGS system then issues purchase orders to suppliers, suppliers delivers the goods to the customer and performs
any services necessary to complete order obligations, customer provides acceptance, and SGS issues an invoice to the customer. Once a
customer accepts the invoice the dollar amount is guaranteed and backed by the U.S. Treasury. Post invoice obligation may include warranty,
maintenance, and telephonic support either directly by SGS or through the OEM directly. From acceptance until the period of performance
is completed (warranty, maintenance, and/or telephonic support), SGS is responsible for the operability of the delivered goods. Once
the period of performance is completed, the customer will contact SGS to complete a contract closeout. 

23 

For the years ending 2022
and 2021, SGS reported 17.3 million and 8.3 million in revenues, respectively. This includes approximately 87 of revenues coming from
the Company s top two customers. SGS product and service costs for the years ending 2022 and 2021, were approximately 12.0
million and 6.9 million, respectively. SGS improved its gross margins from 17 in 2021 to 20 in 2022. The reported gross margin
of 31 in 2022 if normalized, removal of approximately 2.0 million of settlement gains from prior years; the result would be a normalized
gross margin of 20 . 

SGS 
margins are affected by the diversity of our suppliers. Supplier
diversity allows companies such as SGS to seek better costs through competition of multiple suppliers of the same product. Currently,
SGS does not have the supplier diversity that is required to increase the margin. SGS is on a prepay basis with many suppliers and this
requires SGS to finance cash advances to suppliers from our finance source, SouthStar credit facility. 

For the years ended 2022 and
2021, SGS reported 1.0 million and 0.8 million in sales and marketing costs, respectively; 3.9 million and 3.2 million in general
and administrative costs. The increase in general and administrative costs was mainly driven by increases in consulting and professional
fees. In 2022, Sysorex incurred a 0.2 million impairment charge on its investment of its Ostendo preferred shares. 

In addition, for the years
ended 2022 and 2021, SGS reported 3.4 million and 3.8 million in interest expense. A revaluation conversion feature gain (loss) of 2.0
million and (6.3) million was incurred. As noted below in Discussion of Results of Operations for TTM Digital, the Company realized a
gain on the sale of digital assets of 1.7 million and 0.01 million, and an impairment of its digital assets of 2.7 million and 0.7
million. The Company performed an evaluation of its goodwill and as a result, recorded an impairment of 1.6 million. 

Summary
of TTM Digital Mining Result 

The
following is a discussion on continuing and discontinued operations is discussed further in the following sections, Liquidity and Capital
Resources as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

The
following table presents the roll forward of digital asset activity from both continuing and discontinued operations during the respective
periods: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Opening Balance 
 5,202 
 24 
 
 Revenue from mining 
 4,094 
 12,534 
 
 Payment of Mining equipment under lease to buy arrangement 
 - 
 (1,091 
 
 Mining pool operating fees 
 (42 
 (129 
 
 Management fees 
 - 
 (321 
 
 Transaction fees 
 (138 
 (26 
 
 Owners distributions 
 - 
 (1,521 
 
 Digital asset impairment 
 (2,748 
 (704 
 
 Proceeds from sale of digital assets 
 (8,119 
 (3,670 
 
 Realized gain on sale of digital assets 
 1,751 
 106 
 
 Ending Balance 
 - 
 5,202 

Included
in discontinued operations 

Discussion
of Results of Operations of TTM Digital for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

The
activities for TTM Digital revenues and costs for the year ended December 31, 2022, represent discontinued operations . 

Total
Ethereum mined during the year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately 1,746 ETH vs approximately 4,783 ETH during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Ethereum s transition to proof of stake POS took
place on September 15, 2022, and has had a direct negative impact on the company s ability to generate revenue. TTM Digital no longer
holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens or crypto assets currently, does not conduct any mining activities, and does not have any plans
to mine crypto tokens in the future. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded approximately 4.1 million of impairment of fixed assets in its discontinued operations. 

As noted above, the Closing
of the TTM Digital Asset sale transaction did not occur. The investment in Ostendo shares of 1.6 million was subsequently sold on April
3, 2023, for approximately 0.2 million. The Company retained 30,000 shares of the investment in Ostendo. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of approximately 0.2 million. 

On
September 26, 2021, the Company acquired a 5 minority interest in Style Hunter, Inc. Hunt ). The Hunt issued 613,723 shares
of its common stock: par value 0.0001 per share for 0.81470 per share for a total price of 0.5 million. The purchase of common stock
on September 26, 2021, for a minority interest in Style Hunt s common stock of 0.5 million was impaired and recorded in the statement
of operations and disclosed in Note 5 Discontinued Operations as of December 31, 2022. 

24 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources as of December 31, 2022 

Going
Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had an approximate cash balance of 0.03 million, working capital deficit of approximately 18.1 million,
and an accumulated deficit of approximately 61.4 million. In an effort to raise capital, on October 18, 2022, the Company completed a
 .5 million private placement, and subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company sold investments in certain preferred shares held for
approximately 0.18 million to a related party. Despite these efforts to raise capital, the aforementioned factors continue to raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these consolidated
financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the consolidated financial
statements are issued. 

The Company does not believe
that its capital resources as of December 31, 2022, its ability to settle a portion of existing convertible debt obligations through issuance
of the Company s shares, availability on the SouthStar facility to finance cash advances to suppliers, purchase orders and invoices,
reauthorization of key vendors and credit limitation improvements will be sufficient to fund planned operations during the next twelve
months. Additionally, the Company is in default on the aforementioned convertible debt, which was due to be repaid in July 2022, and is
accruing related interest, late fees and other penalties. As a result of the above factors, the Company will need additional funds to
fulfil its obligations. On September 22, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the authorization of 3 billion shares of common
stock, however, all of the Company s authorized shares have been issued or reserved since October 21, 2022, resulting in unfilled
conversion notices and an inability to fill potential future conversion notices from convertible debt holders. In order for the Company
to fulfil any further conversion obligations, the Company would need to receive approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA for a reverse stock-split and obtain shareholder approval for an increase in authorized shares. Existing unfilled
conversion notices received in excess of available and authorized shares as of June 12, 2023, total 1,159,494,989. In order to satisfy
all possible conversion obligations from existing debtholders as of December 31, 2022, the Company estimates a share deficit of approximately
43.4 billion shares based on the 3 billion currently authorized. Given these circumstances, it is improbable that the Company will be
able to satisfactorily fulfil such obligations, even if the above steps are successfully taken. 

The
Company continues to explore a number of other possible solutions to its financing needs, including efforts to raise additional capital
as needed, through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, as well as possible transactions with other companies, strategic
partnerships, and other mechanisms for addressing our financial condition. The Company will utilize its current contracts that are not
limited to a single branch of government or a specific agency as these contracts can provide the Company with an opportunity to attain
new solutions and service type orders. The Company will also utilize SGS s small business status to partner with prime contractors
on larger orders. The Company currently utilizes SouthStar to finance purchase orders and it also can factor its receivables if needed
to fund operations. After considering the plans to alleviate substantial doubt, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 

25 

Our capital resources and
operating results, continuing and discontinued operations, as of and through December 31, 2022, consist of the: 

1) An overall working capital deficit of 18.1 million, 

2)
Cash and cash equivalents of 0.03 million, 

3) Net cash used in operating activities of (7.5) million, 

4)
Net cash provided by investing activities of 6.5 million, and 

5) Net cash provided by financing activities of
 0.4 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources as of December 31, 2022, Compared to December 31, 2021 

The Company s net cash
flow used in operating, investing, and financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, and certain balances as of
the end of those periods are as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 
 
 (Thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 (As Restated) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (7,546 
 (8,473 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 6,519 
 2,178 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 397 
 6,887 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (630 
 592 
 
 Cash 
 29 
 659 
 
 Working capital (deficit) 
 (18,071 
 (17,413 

Operating
Activities: 

Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December
31, 2022, was 7,546). Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of the following (in
thousands): 

The non-cash income and expenses of 234) consisted
of (in thousands): 

576 

Depreciation expense 

111 

Stock compensation 

149 

Amortization of debt discount 

(570) 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 

203 

Impairment of investments 

(1,998) 
 
 Gain on settlement of vendor liabilities 

(1,962) 
 
 Change in fair value of debt conversion feature 

2,748 

Impairment of digital assets 

1,634 

Impairment of goodwill 

(1,751) 
 
 Realized gain on sale of digital assets 

249 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

240 

Issuance of shares in exchange for services 

137 

Loss on excess fair value of liability classified warrant 

(234) 
 
 Total non-cash income and expenses 

26 

The net proceeds of cash due
to changes in operating assets and liabilities totaled 1,344 and consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1,029 
 Increase in accounts receivable and other receivables 
 
 792 
 Prepaid assets and other current assets 
 
 (490 
 Decrease in accounts payable 
 
 4,108 
 Increase in accrued liabilities and other payables 
 
 (1,966 
 Operating cash flows discontinued operations 
 
 (71 
 Operating lease liability 

1,344 
 Net use of cash in the changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Operating Activities: 

Net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, of (7.5) million were primarily driven by net cash used in continuing operations of
 (5.6) million and net cash used in discontinued operations of (1.9) million. 

Net cash used from continuing
operations of (5.6 million, was primarily driven by realized gains on sale of digital assets of (1.7) million, gains on settlement
of vendor liabilities of (2.0) million, changes in fair valuations of debt conversion features and share derivative liabilities of (2.5)
million, offset by depreciation and amortization of 0.6 million, stock based compensation of 0.1 million, issuance of shares in exchange
for services of 0.2 million, loss on debt extinguishment and loss on excess fair value liability of 0.4 million, impairment of digital
assets of 2.7 million, impairment of investments of 0.2 million, impairment of goodwill of 1.6 million and changes in assets and liabilities
 3.0 million; increases in prepaid assets and other current assets of 0.8 million, accrued liabilities and other current liabilities
of 4.1 million, offset by decreases in accounts receivable and other receivables of (1.0) million and accounts payable and lease liability
of (0.5) million. 

Net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, of (8.5) million were primarily driven by net cash provided by continuing operations
of 4.7 million and net cash used in discontinued operations of (13.2) million. 

Net cash provided by continuing
operations of 4.7 million was primarily driven by a net loss from continuing operations of (52.5) million, merger charges and debt restructuring
fees of 24.0 million, loss contingency on debt default of 7.8 million, changes in fair value of the debt conversion feature of 6.3
million, issuance of shares in exchange for services of 2.6 million offset by increases in digital assets of 0.3 million, increases
in accounts receivable and other assets 1.5 million, and a increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 11.6 million. 

Investing Activities: 

Net cash provided by investing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately 6.5 million, primarily driven from proceeds from the sale of digital
assets of 8.1 million, offset by an investment in Ostendo preferred shares of 1.6 million. 

 Net cash provided by investing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, of 2.2 million, were primarily driven by net cash provided by continuing operations
of 3.7 million from proceeds from the sale of its digital assets and net cash used in discontinued investing activities of (1.5) million
for purchase of mining equipment of 0.5 million, purchases in investments of UpNorth and Style Hunter of approximately 0.6 million and
other business combination cost of 0.3 million. 

27 

Financing Activities: 

Net cash provided by financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, of 0.4 million was from the proceeds received for issuance of common stock of 0.4
million. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2021, of 6.9 million was from the proceeds received for convertible debt of 12.4 million and offset by
the payments for convertible debt transaction costs of 1.2 million and the repayment of loans of 4.3 million. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We believe the following accounting
estimates to be the most critical estimates we used in preparing our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Digital Assets 

Digital assets (predominantly
Ethereum) are included in current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The classification of digital assets as a current
asset has been made after the Company s consideration of the consistent daily trading volume on cryptocurrency exchange markets,
there are no limitations or restrictions on Company s ability to sell Ethereum, and the pattern of actual sales of Ethereum by the
Company. Cryptocurrencies purchased are recorded at cost and cryptocurrencies awarded to the Company through its mining activities are
accounted for in connection with the Company s revenue recognition policy. 

Digital assets held are accounted
for as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed
for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not
that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. ASC-350-35-19 requires an impairment at any time the fair value of the digital asset is below
its carrying value. The carrying amount exceeds its fair value, which is measured using the quoted price of the digital asset at the time
its fair value is being measured. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset.
Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. The Company recorded a 2.7 million impairment charge during the year ended
December 31, 2022, and a 0.7 million impairment charge during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The Company accounts for its
gains or losses in accordance with the first in first out (FIFO) method of accounting. The Company recognized realized gains (losses)
through the sale and disbursement of digital assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 of 1.8 million and 0.1 million,
respectively. 

Impairment of Long-lived Assets 

Management reviews long-lived
assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
The recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount
by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. An impairment loss of 4.1 million and 3.3 million was
recorded for long-lived assets in discontinued operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Impairment
of Intangible Assets, including Goodwill 

The Company accounts for intangible assets under
ASC 350-30, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other . Goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair
value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized and is reviewed for impairment annually as of December 31, or more frequently
if facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount, including goodwill. If it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the
company performs a quantitative test to identify and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss. The Company compares the fair value
of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds fair value, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered
impaired, and that excess is recognized as a goodwill impairment loss. 

Intangible assets with finite lives are comprised
of customer contracts, and trademarks that are amortized on a straight-line basis over their expected useful lives. The carrying value
of finite-lived assets and the remaining useful lives are reviewed at least annually to determine if circumstances exist which may indicate
a potential impairment or revision to the amortization period. 

28 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
ASC 606, the core principle of which is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those
goods or services. To achieve this core principle, five basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: 

Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer 

Identification of the performance obligations in the contract 

Determination of the transaction price 

Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 

Hardware and Software Revenue Recognition 

SGS is a primary resale channel for a large group
of vendors and suppliers, including original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), software publishers and wholesale distributors. 

The Company accounts for a contract when it has
approval and commitment from both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are established, the contract has
commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. The Company evaluates the following indicators amongst others when
determining whether it is acting as a principal in the transaction and recording revenue on a gross basis: (i) the Company is primarily
responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified product or service, (ii) the Company has inventory risk before the specified
good or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer and (iii) the Company has discretion
in establishing the price for the specified good or service. If the terms of a transaction do not indicate the Company is acting as a
principal in the transaction, then the Company is acting as an agent in the transaction and the associated revenues are recognized on
a net basis. 

29 

The Company recognizes revenue once control has
passed to the customer. The following indicators are evaluated in determining when control has passed to the customer: (i) the Company
has a right to payment for the product or service, (ii) the customer has legal title to the product, (iii) the Company has transferred
physical possession of the product to the customer, (iv) the customer has the significant risk and rewards of ownership of the product
and (v) the customer has accepted the product. The Company s products can be delivered to customers in a variety of ways, including
(i) as physical product shipped from the Company s warehouse, (ii) via drop-shipment by the vendor or supplier or (iii) via electronic
delivery of keys for software licenses. The Company s shipping terms typically specify F.O.B. destination. 

The Company leverages drop-shipment arrangements
with many of its vendors and suppliers to deliver products to its customers without having to physically hold the inventory at its warehouse.
The Company is the principal in the transaction and recognizes revenue for drop-shipment arrangements on a gross basis. 

The Company may provide integration
of products from multiple vendors as a solution it sells to the customer. In this arrangement, the Company provides a direct warranty
to the customer with the Company s own personnel as the customer requires a warranty on the solution and not individual vendor products.
This type of warranty is sold integral to the overall solution quoted to the customer. The Company considers these service-type warranties
to be performance obligations of the principal from the underlying products that make up a solution and therefore is acting as a principal
in the transaction and records revenue on a gross basis at the point of sale. 

License and Maintenance Services Revenue Recognition 

SGS provides a customized
design and configuration solution for its customers and in this capacity resells hardware, software and other IT equipment license and
maintenance services in exchange for fixed fees. The Company selects the vendors and sells the products and services, including maintenance
services, that best fit the customer s needs. For sales of maintenance services and warranties, the customer obtains control at
the point in time that the services to be provided by a third-party vendor are purchased by the customer and therefore the Company s
performance obligation to provide the overall systems solution is satisfied at that time. The Company s customers generally pay
within 30 to 60 days of the receipt of a customer-approved invoice. 

For resale of services, including maintenance
services, warranties, and extended warranties, the Company is acting as an agent as the primary activity for those services are fulfilled
by a third party. While the Company may facilitate and act as a first responder for these services, the third-party service providers
perform the primary maintenance and warranty services for the customer. Therefore, the Company is not primarily responsible for performing
these services and revenue is recorded on a net basis. 

Professional Services Revenue Recognition 

SGS s professional services include fixed fee contracts. Fixed
fees are paid monthly, in phases, or upon acceptance of deliverables. For fixed fee contracts, the Company recognizes revenue evenly over
the service period using a time-based measure because the Company is providing continuous service. Because the Company s contracts
have an expected duration of one year or less, the Company has elected the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14(a) to not disclose
information about its remaining performance obligations. Anticipated losses are recognized as soon as they become known. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, SGS did not incur any such losses. These amounts are based on known and estimated factors. Revenues from time
and material or firm fixed price long-term and short-term contracts are derived principally with various United States government agencies. 

Mining Revenue 

TTM Digital has entered into
mining pools with the operators to provide computing power to the mining pool. The Company is entitled to a fractional share of the
fixed cryptocurrency award the mining pool operator receives (less transaction fees to the mining pool operator) for successfully adding
a block to the blockchain. The Company s fractional share is based on the proportion of computing power the Company contributed
to the mining pool operator to the total computing power contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the current algorithm.
Providing computing power in digital asset transaction verification services is an output of the Company s ordinary activities.
The provision of such computing power is the only performance obligation in the Company s arrangement with mining pool operators
The transaction consideration the Company receives, if any, is non-cash consideration. The transaction price of the Company s share
of the cryptocurrency award is measured at fair value on the date earned, which is not materially different than the fair value at the
time the Company has earned the award from the mining pool. The consideration is all variable under the definition within ASC 606. Because
it is not probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur, the consideration is constrained until the Company
successfully places a block and the Company receives confirmation of the consideration it will receive, at which time revenue is recognized.
There is no significant financing component in these transactions. 

The
fair value of the digital asset award received is determined using the quoted price of the related digital asset at the time
earned. The Company monitors the
market and when an identical digital asset is bought and sold at a price below the Company s carrying value, often an
indicator that impairment is more likely than not, the Company will follow ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , and record
an impairment if necessary. 

30 

Convertible Debt 

The Company s debt instruments
contain a host liability, freestanding warrants, and an embedded conversion feature. The Company uses the guidance under FASB ASC Topic
815 Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 to determine if the embedded conversion feature must be bifurcated and separately
accounted for as a derivative under ASC 815. It also determines whether any embedded conversion features requiring bifurcation and/or
freestanding warrants qualify for any scope exceptions contained within ASC 815. Generally, contracts issued or held by a reporting entity
that are both (i) indexed to their own stock, and (ii) classified in shareholders equity, would not be considered a derivative for the
purposes of applying ASC 815. Any embedded conversion features and/or freestanding warrants that do not meet the scope exception noted
above are classified as derivative liabilities, initially measured at fair value, and remeasured at fair value each reporting period with
change in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Any embedded conversion features and/or freestanding
warrants that meet the scope exception under ASC 815 are initially recorded at their relative fair value in paid-in-capital and are not
remeasured at fair value in future periods. 

The host debt instrument is initially recorded
at its relative fair value in long-term debt. The host debt instrument is accounted for in accordance with guidance applicable to non-convertible
debt under FASB ASC Topic 470 Debt ASC 470 and is accreted to its face value over the term of the debt with accretion
expense and periodic interest expense recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Issuance costs are allocated to each instrument
in the same proportion as the proceeds that are allocated to each instrument. Issuance costs allocated to the debt hosted instrument
are netted against the proceeds allocated to the debt host. Issuance costs allocated to freestanding warrants classified in equity are
recorded in paid-in-capital. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet guarantees,
interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts. We do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

For
a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, please see the Recent Accounting Standards section of Note 4 to our consolidated
financial statements, which is included in this Form 10-K in Item 1. 

Item 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK. 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

31 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Sysorex,
INC. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Pages 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB Firm ID 688 and 711) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Sysorex, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Sysorex, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statement of operations,
stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America . 

We also audited adjustments to the 2021 financial
statements to retroactively apply the effects of the reclassification of the balance of certain assets from their historical presentation
to assets held for sale and certain operations from continuing to discontinued, as described in Note 3. In our opinion, such adjustments
are appropriate and have been properly applied. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the Company s 2021
financial statements other than with respect to the reclassification adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any
other form of assurance on the 2021 financial statements as a whole. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company is currently
in default of their convertible debt and does not have sufficient authorized shares to settle all outstanding share conversion rights.
The Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds as well
as increase the authorized shares and effect a reverse stock split of shares to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter Digital Asset Activities 

In forming our opinion, we have considered the
adequacy of the disclosures and accounting policies included in the consolidated financial statements concerning among other things the
risks and uncertainties related to the Company s digital asset activities. The risks to the Company associated with its digital
asset activities will be dependent on many factors outside of the Company s control. Uncertainties related to the regulatory regimes
governing blockchain technologies, digital assets, cryptocurrency exchanges and new international, federal, state and local regulations
or policies may materially adversely affect the Company. The currently uncertain and immature nature of the digital asset markets, including
clearing, settlement, custody and trading mechanisms, the dependency on information technology to sustain digital asset continuity, as
well as valuation and volume volatility all subject digital assets to unique risks of theft, loss or other misappropriation. As more fully
described in Note 1 and 5, the Company no longer holds digital assets and in connection with the Ethereum transition to proof of stake,
the Company is no longer mining digital assets. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 (such date
takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

New York, New York 
June 13, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 688 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders of Sysorex, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Sysorex, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statement
of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and schedules
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We were not engaged to audit, review or apply
any procedures to retroactively apply the effects of the reclassification of the balances of certain assets from their historical presentation
to assets held for sale and certain operations from continuing to discontinued, as described in Note 3, accordingly, we do not express
an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those adjustments
were audited by Marcum LLP. 

Restatement
of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

As discussed in Note 1A to the accompanying financial statements, the Company has restated its
2021 financial statements to correct an error. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
a working capital deficiency, an accumulated deficit, and has incurred significant losses and cash outflows from operations. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter- Digital Asset Activities 

In forming our opinion, we have considered the
adequacy of the disclosures and accounting policies included in the financial statements concerning among other things the risks and uncertainties
related to the Company s digital asset activities. The risks and rewards to be recognized by the Company associated with its digital
asset activities will be dependent on many factors outside of the Company s control. Uncertainties related to the regulatory regimes
governing blockchain technologies, digital assets, cryptocurrency exchanges and new international, federal, state and local regulations
or policies may materially adversely affect the Company. The currently uncertain and immature nature of the digital asset markets, including
clearing, settlement, custody and trading mechanisms, the dependency on information technology to sustain digital asset continuity, as
well as valuation and volume volatility all subject digital assets to unique risks of theft, loss or other misappropriation. Furthermore,
these factors also contribute to the significant uncertainty with respect to the future viability and value of digital assets. Our opinion
is not modified with respect to this matter. 

/s/ We served as the Company s auditor from 2021 through 2022. April 14, 2022, except for the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 1A, Note 8 and Note 9 to the financial statements, as to which the date is May 23, 2022. PCAOB ID Number 

F- 3 

Sysorex, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands of dollars, except number of
shares and par value data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(As Restated) 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Digital assets, net 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets held for sale 

Equity investment in Ostendo 
 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 
 -

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Short Term Convertible Debt 

Conversion feature derivative liability 

Operating lease obligation, current 

Common Stock Derivative Liability 
 
 -

Deferred Revenue 

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease obligation noncurrent 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued as of December 31, 2021, shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares as of December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Sysorex, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

(In thousands of dollars, except share and
per share data) 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(As Restated) 
 
 Revenues 

Product revenue 

Services revenue 

Total Revenues 

Operating costs and expenses 

Product cost 

Services cost 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Management fees 
 -

Realized gain on sale of digital assets 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 -

Amortization of intangibles 

Total Operating Costs and Expenses 

Loss from Continuing Operations 

Other Income (Expense) 

Merger charges 
 -

Debt restructuring fee 
 -

Interest expense 

Revaluation of conversion feature derivative liability 

Loss contingency on debt default 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 -

Change in fair value of common stock derivative liability 
 
 -

Loss contingency on equity issuance 
 
 -

Impairment of investments 
 
 -

Other income, net 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

Loss from continuing operations before Income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Loss from continuing operations 

(Loss) Gain from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per share basic and diluted continuing operations

Net (Loss) Income per share basic and diluted discontinued operations

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Sysorex, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and
2021 

(In thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivables 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Payment of subscription receivable 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Distributions to shareholders 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Exercise of Moon warrants 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued: 

- 
 
 Mining equipment 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Sysorex Recapitalization 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

TTM digital/Sysorex merger 

-

-
 
 -

Professional services 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Up North/Bitworks transaction 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Convertible debt warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net Loss (As Restated) 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2021 (As Restated) 

-

-

Convertible debt conversions 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Reclassification of equity contracts to liabilities 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Professional services 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Exercise of Pre-funded warrants 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Vesting of restricted stock 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock 

-
 
 -
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2022 

-

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Sysorex, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and
2021 

(In thousands, except share data) 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(As Restated) 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation expense 

Amortization of right of use asset 
 
 -

Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs 
 -

Realized gain on sale of digital assets 

Gain on settlement of vendor liabilities 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of investments 
 
 -

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 -

Loss contingency on debt default 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 -

Change in fair value of debt conversion feature 

Change in fair value of common stock derivative liability 
 
 -

Issuance of shares in exchange for services 

Loss on excess fair value of liability classified warrant 
 
 - 
 
 Merger charges 
 -

Debt restructuring fee 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Digital assets - management fees 
 -

Prepaid assets and other current assets 

Accounts receivable and other receivables 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities- continuing operations 

Net cash used in operating activities discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Proceeds from sale of digital assets 

Equity investment in Ostendo 
 
 -

Reverse acquisition of Sysorex business 
 -

Net cash provided by investing activities -continuing operations 

Net cash used in investing activities discontinued operations 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Repayment of loans 
 -

Payments for convertible debt transaction costs 
 -

Issuance of Members Interest 
 -

Proceeds received from issuance of common stock, net of fees 
 
 -

Proceeds received from issuance of convertible debt 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities- continuing operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Sysorex recapitalization 
 -

Debt discount attributed to the fair value of the warrants 
 -

Debt discount attributed to the fair value of the conversion option 
 -

Equipment exchanged for equity 
 -

Equipment acquired through lease purchase arrangement 
 -

Distributions of digital assets to members 
 -

Payments of short-term borrowing with digital assets 
 -

Right of use assets exchanged for lease obligation 
 -

Conversion of debt to equity 
 
 -

Reclassification of equity contracts to liabilities 
 
 -

Issuance of warrant derivative liability 

Issuance of restricted stock 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

senior secured convertible debentures (the Debentures qualified for equity classification
and, therefore, qualified for the application of the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s (the FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2020-06 was incorrect. Management has determined that the conversion feature was a liability classified
derivative under the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity from the inception requiring recognition at fair value for each reporting period. 

The Company s management and in agreement with the audit committee
have determined that the previously issued financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the unaudited interim financial
information for the three- and nine-month period ended September 30, 2021 the Affected period should no longer be relied upon due
to this error and require restatement. The correction of this error is included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements
in this Amended 10-K, the financial effect of this error from previously reported information for the year ended December 31, 2021, has
resulted in an increase in net loss of million, primarily as a result of a million in fair value expense on the derivative conversion
liability, interest expense increase of million and an increase in the loss contingency on debt default of million. 

F- 8 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, working capital deficit of approximately million, and an accumulated deficit
of approximately million. In an effort to raise capital, on October 18, 2022, the Company completed a million private placement,
and subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company sold investments in certain preferred shares held for approximately million to
a related party. Despite these efforts to raise capital, the aforementioned factors continue to raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. 

The Company does not believe
that its capital resources as of December 31, 2022, its ability to settle a portion of existing convertible debt obligations through issuance
of the Company s shares, availability on the SouthStar facility to finance cash advances to suppliers, purchase orders and invoices,
reauthorization of key vendors and credit limitation improvements will be sufficient to fund planned operations during the next twelve
months. Additionally, the Company is in default on the aforementioned convertible debt, which was due to be repaid in July 2022, and is
accruing related interest, late fees and other penalties. As a result of the above factors, the Company will need additional funds to
fulfil its obligations. On September 22, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the authorization of billion shares of common
stock, however, all of the Company s authorized shares have been issued or reserved since October 21, 2022, resulting in unfilled
conversion notices and an inability to fill potential future conversion notices from convertible debt holders. In order for the Company
to fulfil any further conversion obligations, the Company would need to receive approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA for a reverse stock-split and obtain shareholder approval for an increase in authorized shares. Existing unfilled
conversion notices received in excess of available and authorized shares as of June 12, 2023, total . In order to satisfy
all possible conversion obligations from existing debtholders as of December 31, 2022, the Company estimates a share deficit of approximately
 billion shares based on the billion currently authorized. Given these circumstances, it is improbable that the Company will be
able to satisfactorily fulfil such obligations, even if the above steps are successfully taken. 

The Company continues to explore a number of other possible solutions
to its financing needs, including efforts to raise additional capital as needed, through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt
securities, as well as possible transactions with other companies, strategic partnerships, and other mechanisms for addressing our financial
condition. The Company will utilize its current contracts that are not limited to a single branch of government or a specific agency as
these contracts can provide the Company with an opportunity to attain new solutions and service type orders. The Company will also utilize
SGS s small business status to partner with prime contractors on larger orders. The Company currently utilizes SouthStar to finance
purchase orders and it also can factor its receivables if needed to fund operations.. After considering the plans to alleviate substantial
doubt, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. 

F- 9 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Sysorex common stock, 
par value per share (the Merger Shares in exchange for their shares of TTM Digital. Simultaneously, upon the issuance of
the Merger Shares to the TTM Digital shareholders, Sysorex was issued all of the authorized capital of TTM Digital and TTM Digital became
a wholly owned subsidiary of Sysorex (together, the Combined Company ). The Merger resulted in a change of control, with
the shareholders of TTM Digital receiving that number of Merger Shares equal to approximately eighty percent of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Sysorex including the effect of the Sysorex Recapitalization. Due to TTM Digital shareholders acquiring a controlling
interest in Sysorex after the merger, the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition for accounting purposes, with TTM Digital
being the accounting acquirer and reporting entity. Therefore, the historical amounts presented prior to the Merger are those of TTM Digital.
The Merger is accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting applied to Sysorex as the accounting acquiree under the guidance
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 Business
Combinations ASC 805 ). 

Discontinued Operations 

As
presented in Form 10K/A, (Amendment No. 1) filed on May 23, 2022 and Form 10K/A (Amendment No. 2) filed June 1, 2022, the following reclassifications
were made to the prior year; mining revenue of million, mining costs of million, depreciation of million and impairment
of fixed assets of million from continuing operations were reclassified to discontinued operations. The net effect for the year
ended December 31, 2021, was a million change. The net loss from operations as reported in the form 10K/A was million, resulting
in a restated change of net income from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, to million as noted above.
The Company reclassified in 2021, million from mining equipment to assets held for sale, on the consolidated balance sheets. 

In the fall of 2021, the Company
made the decision to divest certain mining equipment and the data center of the TTM Digital reporting unit TTM Assets and commenced discussions with a third party to execute an asset sale. As a result of the decision to divest certain operating assets
of the TTM Digital reporting unit, the Company has determined that the subject assets met the definition of assets held for sale as defined
by ASC 205-20 Presentation of Financial Statements Discontinued Operations. The Company determined the TTM Assets represented
discontinued operations as it constituted a disposal of a significant component and a strategic shift that will have a material effect
on the Company s operations and financial results. As a result, the Company reclassified the balances and activities of the TTM
Assets from their historical presentation to assets held for sale and assets and liabilities discontinued operations on the consolidated
balance sheets and to gain (loss) from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. 

F- 10 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

interest in Up North
Hosting, LLC UNH which was accounted for as an equity method investment. On November 2, 2021, the Company acquired the
remaining interest in UNH making it a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

F- 11 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million was recorded for long-lived assets for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021. As of September 15, 2022, Ethereum switched from a Proof of Work model to a Proof of Stake model, The Company is no
longer mining Ethereum or any other cryptocurrency. TTM Digital no longer holds any Ethereum or other crypto tokens or crypto assets at
this time and does not conduct any mining activities and does not have any plans to mine crypto tokens in the future. TTM Digital is currently
exploring sales opportunities for its Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) assets and datacenter located in Lockport, NY. 

F- 12 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 13 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-

Customer B 

-

Various 
 - 

-

Valuation Adjustment 
 
 - 
 -

-

million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. 

million and million impairment charge during the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

million and million, respectively. 

F- 14 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million goodwill impairment loss. 

ownership in the entity, and (2) does not exercise significant influence. These are recorded at cost and adjusted for observable
transactions for same or similar investments of the same issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative) or impairment. 

million for graphics processing
units in Note 5 Discontinued Operations and million for digital assets in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company
utilized a market approach as of December 31, 2022, to determine fair value. 

million and its Style Hunter investment and recorded an impairment of approximately million,
reported in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and 0.5 million, reported in Note 5 Discontinued Operations, respectively
The Company utilized inputs of market data and trends of peer group companies to determine the fair value of the equity investment. 

F- 15 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 16 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Weighted-average potential common shares considered outstanding 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 

Dilutive effect of options, warrants and restricted stock 
 -
 
 -

Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 

Options, restricted stock, and warrants and convertible debt excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share because the effect of inclusion would be anti-dilutive 

F- 17 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. 

held for sale. Costs associated with the TTM Digital
reporting unit were reclassified from the consolidated statement of operations to discontinued operations. 

F- 18 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deposit to be
credited toward the purchase of an additional shares of Ostendo s preferred stock. The Company has in good faith worked
with Ostendo to ensure all closing terms and closing conditions were mutually agreed upon, however, the parties have not entered into
definitive transaction agreements and accordingly, it was determined in November 2022 that the transaction will not proceed. In November
2022, the Company received a certificate, dated November 14, 2022, for the shares, and thereafter, the Company received confirmation that
the Certificate of Designations for the preferred stock had been filed and accepted by the California Secretary of State on November 14,
2022. 

Subsequent
to the Ostendo transaction not proceeding, TTM Digital explored alternate long-term uses for its assets and concluded that mining other
coins was not a feasible path forward due to the volatility in crypto prices, and repurposing its assets was not a viable path forward
as it would require significant upfront investments to its datacenter infrastructure. TTM Digital is currently exploring sales opportunities
for its GPU assets and datacenter located in Lockport, NY. 

As a result of the decision to divest certain
operating assets of the TTM Digital reporting unit, the Company has determined that subject assets met the definition of assets held
for sale as defined by ASC 205-20 Presentation of Financial Statements Discontinued Operations. The Company determined
the TTM Assets represented discontinued operations as it constituted a disposal of a significant component and a strategic shift that
will have a material effect on the Company s operations and financial results. As a result, the Company reclassified the balances
and activities of the TTM Assets from their historical presentation to assets held for sale and assets and liabilities discontinued
operations on the consolidated balance sheets and to loss from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations for
the periods presented. 

The
carrying value of the TTM Digital asset disposal group was million as of December 31, 2022, and the Company recorded approximately
 million of impairment of fixed assets in its discontinued operations. The following table details the assets and liabilities of
the Company s TTM Assets that were classified as assets held for sale and discontinued operations for the periods presented (in
thousands): 

Mining equipment, net 

Investment in Style Hunter 
 -

Intangible assets, net 

Total Assets associated with discontinued operations 

F- 19 

SYSOREX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other revenue 

Total Revenues 

Operating costs and expenses 

Mining cost 

General and administrative 

Impairment of investments 
 
 -

Impairment of fixed assets 

Depreciation 

Total Operating Costs and Expenses 

(Loss) Gain from Discontinued Operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Gain (loss) on sale of fixed assets 

Fair value loss on previously held equity interest 
 -

Other income (expenses), net 
 -

Total Other Income 

(Loss) Income before net loss of equity method investee 

Share of net loss of equity method investee 
 -

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

The following table summarizes
the net cash flows from discontinued operations of TTM Digital for years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands): 

Net cash used in investing activities discontinued operations 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

F- 20 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Customer Relationships 

Total intangible assets 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total 

Up North Business Combination / Bitworks Asset Acquisition 

On November 2, 2021, the Company through a wholly
owned subsidiary of TTM Digital executed a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement Up North Agreement with BWP Holdings,
LLC BWP whereby the Company acquired the remaining membership interest Transferred Membership Interest in Up North Hosting LLC Up North that it did not already own to bring its ownership in Up North to UNH
Acquisition ). In addition to the Transferred membership Interest the Company acquired certain data mining equipment BWP Bitworks
Equipment and collectively the Acquisition that was resident in the Up North data center facility. The BWP transaction
was accounted for as an asset acquisition. Total transaction consideration paid for the acquired interests of Up North and the Bitworks
Equipment were million and the issuance of million shares of restricted common stock, par value of the Company. 

The total transaction consideration paid for the
Acquisition was valued at million. The transaction consideration was allocated to the UNH Acquisition and the Bitworks Equipment
in the amounts of and , respectively. The UNH Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition
method in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations. In accounting for the UNH Acquisition the purchase
consideration consisted of the fair value of the Up North membership interest previously owned by the Company and accounted for as an
equity method investment of and the transaction consideration allocated of and reduced by the effective settlement of
intercompany transactions of for net purchase consideration of . The previous membership interest in Up North had a
carrying value of resulting in the recognition of a loss on the conversion of the equity method investment of . 

Up
North s primary asset consists of a data center facility located in New York used for the hosting of cryptocurrency data mining
operations. The value of the data center facility building, and improvements installed for the data center operations are approximately
 million. The data center facility is located in an industrial redevelopment area which has a property tax abatement and pays certain
fees in lieu of property taxes under an agreement with the Industrial Development Agency. Proforma financial information was not
required as the acquisition was deemed not to have a material impact. All assets associated with this acquisition have been classified
as held for sale, and any income or loss has been reported as discontinued operations. 

F- 21 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands of dollars): 

Customer B 

As of December 31, 2022, Customer
A and Customer B represented approximately and of total accounts receivable, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2021, Customer A represented
approximately of total accounts receivable. One other customer represented approximately of total accounts receivable. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, three vendors represented approximately , , and of total purchases. Purchases from these vendors during the year ended
December 31, 2022, were million, million, and million respectively. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, three vendors represented approximately , , and of total purchases. Purchases from these vendors during the year ended
December 31, 2021, were million, million, and million respectively. 

Geographic
and Technology Concentration 

The
Company had geographic diversity between April 1, 2021, and June 30, 2022, using a colocation datacenter in North Carolina. After
June 30, 2022, the Company had consolidated its mining operations exclusively in New York. 

Further,
the Company had concentrated exposure to the Ethereum blockchain infrastructure through its mining operations during the periods presented.
On September 15, 2022, the Ethereum blockchain transitioned to proof-of-stake which adversely affected our business and our ability to
generate revenues. The Company is no longer able to mine Ethereum. TTM Digital assets operations are classified as discontinued
operations . 

F- 22 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total Short-Term Convertible Debt 

2021
Convertible Debentures Warrants 

On July 7, 2021, the Company
consummated the initial closing of a private placement offering (the Offering pursuant to the terms and conditions of a
Securities Purchase Agreement for up to million in principal amount Original Principal Value Convertible Debentures.
To manage the administration of the Offering the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with Joseph Gunner Co. LLC, a
U.S. registered broker-dealer Placement Agent ). At the initial closing, the Company sold the purchasers (i) Original
Issue Discount Convertible Debentures Debentures in an aggregate principal amount of and (ii) warrants to purchase
up to million shares of common stock of the Company. The Company received total gross proceeds of million taking into account
the discount before deducting placement agent fees and expenses of approximately million. The convertible debt is collateralized
by the assets of the Company. The Debentures matured on July 7, 2022, subject to a three-month extension upon mutual agreement of the
Company and the holder, as a result, the 2021 convertible debentures are in default. 

On August 13, 2021, the company
consummated the second closing of the offering pursuant to the same terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement dated July
7, 2021. At the second closing, the Company sold the purchasers (i) Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures
in an aggregate principal amount of million and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock of the Company.
The Company received a total of million in gross proceeds following the second closing taking into account the discount before
deducting placement agent fees and expenses of approximately million. The Debentures matured on , subject to a three-month
extension upon mutual agreement of the Company and the holder, as a result, the 2021 convertible debentures are in default. 

In conjunction with the Convertible Debentures,
the Company entered into a Warrant Purchase Agreement (the Agreement providing investors the right to purchase common stock
of Sysorex. 

The Company recorded the debt net of the 
discount, of which totaled million, the placement agent fees and expenses of million and the debt discounts attributed to the
fair value of the warrants and conversion option derivative liability of approximately million and million, respectively. The
Company expensed the entire debt discount and issuance costs as a result of the debenture default, as disclosed below. 

Under the conversion terms
of the Debentures, the Debenture is convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder at any time
until the Debenture is no longer outstanding. The Holder executes a conversion by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion specifying
the principal amount to be converted and the date on which the conversion is to be executed. 
The number of Conversion Shares to be issued is determined by dividing the outstanding principal amount of the debenture to be converted
by the Conversion Price. The Debentures are subject to mandatory conversion Mandatory Conversion in the event the Company
closes a registered public offering of its Common Stock and receives gross proceeds of not less than million and at the completion
of which the Company s securities are traded on a national exchange Qualified Offering ). The Company determined that
the conversion feature associated with the convertible debentures should be bifurcated and treated as a separate derivative liability.
An initial fair value of million was assigned to the conversion option, The conversion option is marked to market at the end of each
reporting period. The Company recorded a revaluation gain (loss) of approximately million and million for the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021, for the change in the fair value of the conversion option. As of December 31, 2022, the derivative liability
associated with the conversion option was million. 

Convertible Debenture Conversion 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the convertible debenture holders converted approximately million of convertible debt into approximately billion shares.
There were no conversions of convertible debt for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a result of the conversions, the Company recorded
a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately million and settled approximately million of the derivative liability associated
with the conversion option for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 23 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and if such judgment remains unvacated for a period of 45 calendar
days shall constitute an event of default. The debentures also provide that nonpayment of debt constitutes an event of default. The Company
defaulted on its interest payment. On December 14, 2021, the Company became aware that a Confession of Judgment (the Confession
of Judgment had been entered against the Company in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara by Tech
Data on September 24, 2021. The Confession of Judgement is entered for a total sum of million which is comprised of the principal
sum of million and prejudgment interest in the sum of million. As a result, the Confession of Judgment was deemed to be an event
of default under the Debentures although the Company only became aware of the Confession of Judgment on December 14, 2021. 

On
January 7, 2022, the Company received a notice of default (the Default Notice from the Placement Agent stating that the
Company defaulted under the Purchase Agreement as a result of: (i) the Company failing to disclose certain material indebtedness of the
Company outstanding as of the date of the Purchase Agreement; and (ii) the filing of a judgment relating to such material indebtedness.
Due to such events of default, (i) the Debentures are now deemed to have begun bearing interest at the default interest rate of per
annum from the date of the issuance of the Debentures; and (ii) the holders of the Debentures are entitled to receive in satisfaction
of the amounts owing under the Debentures an amount equal to of the Original Principal Value of the Debentures Default Principal
Increase ), in accordance with the terms of the Debentures. 

As
a result of the Default Notice, the Company has recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021, a loss of approximately million on
the Consolidated Statement of Operations on the line captioned Loss contingency on debt default Contingent Loss ). The
Contingent Loss consists of the unamortized debt issuance costs and original interest discount of approximately million and
the Default Principal increase of approximately million, and approximately of debt and issuance costs incurred. 

The
Company recognized approximately million of interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Included in Convertible debt
is million of interest payable on December 31, 2022, to the Convertible Debenture Holders. 

Non-Recourse
Factoring and Security Agreement 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company financed million of purchase orders which is recorded in the consolidated balance sheet accrued
liabilities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any of its receivables financed. 

F- 24 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-
 
 -

Derivative liabilities: 

Conversion feature derivative liability 
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock derivative liability 
 
 -
 
 -

Total derivative liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

As of December 31, 2021: (in thousands) 

Recurring fair value measurements 

Derivative liabilities: 

Conversion feature derivative liability 
 
 -
 
 -

Total derivative liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

The conversion feature of
the convertible Debentures was separately accounted for at fair value as a derivative liability under guidance in ASC 815 that is remeasured
at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs. The Company uses a probability weighted expected return model PWERM valuation technique to measure the fair value of the conversion feature with any changes in the fair value of the conversion feature liability
recorded in earnings. Significant inputs to the model include estimated time to conversion events, estimated interest converted at the
event, the implied yield, the discount rate for the conversion, and the probability of the conversion events. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain of approximately million for the change in fair value of debt conversion feature. 

The Company evaluated its equity investment in
Ostendo of million and recorded an impairment of approximately million. The Company utilized inputs of market data and trends
of peer group companies to determine the fair value of the equity investment. 

As
discussed in Note 11 Equity below, the Company exceeded its authorized share limit with respect to potentially issuable shares
under the equity contracts described with the Share Derivative Liabilities section. The Company estimates the fair value of the Common
stock derivative liability based on the fair value of the potentially issuable shares for the warrants, stock options and RSUs vested
but unissued. This liability excludes the fair value of the potentially convertible shares for the convertible Debentures which are accounted
for through the carrying value of the debt and the separate conversion feature derivative liability. 

The
Company recorded the common stock derivative liability at fair value as of December 31, 2022, through a transfer from equity to the common
stock derivative liability. Changes in the fair value of the liability in future periods will be included in other income (expense) in
the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 25 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-

Increase in fair value included in earnings 
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 
 -

Transferred to equity on debt conversion 
 
 -

Transferred to equity on RSU issuance 
 - 

Transferred from equity on recognition of derivative liability 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued 
 -

Decrease in fair value included in earnings 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Revenue from mining 

Payment of Mining equipment under lease to buy arrangement 
 -

Mining pool operating fees 

Management fees 
 -

Transaction fees 

Owners distributions 
 -

Digital asset impairment 

Proceeds from sale of digital assets 

Realized gain on sale of digital assets 

Ending Balance 
 -

As of December 31, 2022, 
 shares were issued, shares were outstanding.
As of December 31, 2021, common stock shares were authorized; shares were issued, and shares
were outstanding. No preferred stock has been designated or issued. 

F- 26 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, consisting of shares of common
stock, warrant 1s to acquire shares of common stock, and warrant 2s to acquire shares of common stock, for total
consideration paid to the Company of . Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company agreed to sell to each Investor a number
of Units of securities of the Company (each, a Unit ), at a purchase price of per Unit, with each Unit being comprised
of: (i) one share of common stock (each, a Purchased Share and collectively, the Purchased Shares (ii)
a warrant to acquire one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share, which exercise price will not be subject to
adjustment as a result of any forward or reverse split of the common stock (each, a Warrant 1 and (iii) a warrant to
acquire one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share, which exercise price will not be subject to adjustment as
a result of any forward or reverse split of the common stock (each, a Warrant 2 ). Pursuant to the terms of the SPA,
the Company agreed to use all commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective by the SEC within
90 days of October 18, 2022 (the Registration Deadline ). If such registration statement has not become effective by the
Registration Deadline, and provided that the Registrable Securities cannot otherwise be sold pursuant to Rule 144 pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the Registration Deadline, then, subject to the provisions of
the SPA and the Initial Registration Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to each Investor: 

(i) A
number of additional shares of common stock equal to of the Purchased Shares acquired by such Investor on the closing date,
with such number of Purchased Shares being adjusted for any forward or reverse splits of the common stock between the closing date and
the date of such issuance (the Additional Shares and 

(ii) A
new warrant (each, a Warrant 3 equal to the number of Additional Shares in the applicable issuance. 

The
Additional Shares and the Warrant 3 will, if applicable, be issuable to the Investors for each 30-day period, or portion thereof, that
the registration statement registering the Registrable Securities has not become effective by the Registration Deadline. The Company s
obligation to issue the Additional Shares and the Warrant 3, if applicable, will not arise until the Company has amended its articles
of incorporation, via a reverse split of the common stock, an increase of the number of authorized shares of common stock, or some combination
thereof, such that the Company has a number of authorized but unissued shares of equal to (1) the number of Additional Shares that are
otherwise to be issued plus (2) the number of shares of common stock that may be issuable pursuant to the Warrant 3. 

The
additional shares and Warrant 3 will be issuable for each 30-day period, or portion thereof, that the registrable securities have not
become effective. As of May 31, 2023, the Company is obligated to issue an additional million shares of common stock and warrant 3
to purchase an additional million shares of common stock. 

Share
Issuance 

On February 8, 2022, the Company
entered into an Advisory Services Agreement (the Agreement with ViewTrade Securities, Inc. Advisor whereby
the Advisor will assist the Company and provide services that will contribute to the overall growth of the Company. ViewTrade s
owner is a shareholder in the Company. The term of the engagement is six months and may be extended by mutual agreement of the parties.
In consideration of the services, the Company paid an Advisory Fee in an amount equal to restricted common shares (the Fees)
and the Fees shall be deemed fully earned upon execution of the Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a value of the
stock of , which included of additional paid in capital and par value. 

Stock
Options 

On July 30, 2018, the board of directors of the
Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ), which enables the Company to grant stock options, share appreciation
rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, share awards, performance unit awards, and cash awards to associates, directors, consultants,
and advisors of the Company and its affiliates, and to improve the ability of the Company to attract, retain, and motivate individuals
upon whom the Company s sustained growth and financial success depend, by providing such persons with an opportunity to acquire
or increase their proprietary interest in the Company. The 2018 Plan is to be administered by the Board, which shall have discretion over
the awards and grants there under. The aggregate maximum number of shares of common stock for which stock options or awards may be granted
pursuant to the 2018 Plan is , which number will be automatically increased on the first day of each quarter, beginning on January
1, 2019 and for each quarter thereafter, by a number of shares of common stock equal to the least of (i) shares,(ii) of the
shares of common stock issued and outstanding on that date, or (iii) a lesser number of shares that may be determined by the board. No
awards may be issued after July 30, 2028. 

Stock options granted under
the 2018 Plan may be non-qualified stock options or incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986. Each option, or portion thereof, that is not an incentive stock option, shall be considered a non-qualified option. The
option price must be at least of the fair market value on the date of the grant and if an Incentive Stock Option is issued to a 
or greater shareholder the grant must be of the fair market value on the date of the grant. 

On July 20, 2021, the Board of Directors of the
Company approved an amendment (the Plan Amendment of the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (as so amended, the
 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by 
shares. The Plan Amendment became effective immediately. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the awards outstanding under the equity incentive plan consisted of the employee stock options granted on July
20, 2021, to purchase up to shares of common stock. 

F- 27 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited or cancelled 
 
 -

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The
Company recognized approximately million of stock-based
compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 Warrants 

The
following table represents the activity related to the Company s warrants during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Granted 

Exercised 
 
 -

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 
 -

The
exercise price will be determined by a 5-day VWAP price calculation on the exercise date. 

The weighted average
contractual term as of December 31, 2022, is years. 

If at any time after the six
month anniversary of the closing date as disclosed in Note 8 Short-term debt, 2021 convertible debenture and warrants, there is no effective
registration statement registering the warrant shares granted to the convertible debenture holders and placement agent, then, for each
thirty days following the six month anniversary of the their respective closing date or portion of any thirty day period thereafter in
which no effective registration statement is available, the amount of warrant shares shall be automatically increased by five percent
over the warrant shares available on such dates. As such, the Company is obligated to grant warrants through Decembe r
31, 2022. The Company has recorded on the consolidated balance sheets, accrued liabilities, approximately million
of accrued registration rights penalties and interest. 

In
connection with the sale of shares of common stock to Investors on October 18, 2022, the Company granted an aggregate of 
warrants to purchase common stock. The warrants issued consisted of warrant 1 to acquire shares of common stock and warrant
2 to acquire shares of common stock. The terms of Warrant 1 and Warrant 2 permit the holder to acquire one share of common
stock at an exercise price of per share, which exercise price will not be subject to adjustment as a result of any forward or reverse
split of the common stock. As discussed above in Private Placement Agreement, if the Company does not file a registration statement declared
effective by the SEC by the Registration Deadline, Warrant 3 will be issued to each Investor for the right to acquire the number of Additional
Shares issued to the Investor for failure to meet the Registration Deadline. 

The
additional shares and Warrant 3 will be issuable for each 30-day period, or portion thereof, that the registrable securities have not
become effective. As of May 31, 2023, the Company is obligated to issue an additional million shares of common stock and warrant 3
to purchase an additional million shares of common stock. 

F- 28 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Company stock. The prefunded warrants were converted to common stock of the Company during the
quarter ended March 31, 2022. In addition, a Company debt holder agreed to convert certain of the Company obligations to a fully paid
right to receive shares of Company stock. As the rights to receive shares have been fully paid by the holders, the rights to
receive the shares are considered to be issued for the purpose of determining Company Basic shares outstanding. The activity for the Prefunded
warrants during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 is shown in the table below: 

New issuances 
 -

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Restricted
Stock Units 

The following table represents
the activity related to the Company s restricted stock awards granted to employees and directors during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022: 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Vested 

Unvested, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

The Company recognized
approximately million of stock-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Share
Derivative Liabilities 

As
the amount of common stock on an as converted basis as of December 31, 2022, exceeded our authorized share amount, the Company s
outstanding warrants, stock options and vested but unissued restricted stock shares RSUs were reclassified to derivative
liabilities in the consolidated financial statements. This results in non-cash gains or losses each period during the term of the warrants,
stock options, RSU vesting period and convertible debt. The table below summarizes the reclassified share derivative liabilities as of
December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Stock options 

Total share derivative liability 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
September 22, 2022, the shareholders of Sysorex, Inc. have approved the Reverse Split and have granted to the Board of Director s
the power to determine the final ratio for the Reverse Split. The effective date of the reverse
stock will be determined after FINRA s review. 

F- 29 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

12/31/2021 

Shares Outstanding: 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2021 

Treasury Stock: 

Proforma 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Continuing operations 
 As stated 

Proforma 

Discontinued Operations 
 As stated 

Proforma 

million for payment of unpaid invoices. On or about January 29, 2018, the parties
executed a settlement agreement resolving the matter. No court action was filed. Subsequently thereafter, the Company defaulted under
the terms of the agreement. The liability of approximately million has been accrued and includes interest million calculated
based on a default rate of , which is included as a component of accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022, in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

On January 22, 2018, a software
vendor filed a motion for entry of default judgment (the Motion against SGS in the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia.
The Motion alleges that SGS failed to respond to a complaint served on November 22, 2017. The Motion requests a default judgment in the
amount of plus in legal fees. On August 10, 2018, the Company and vendor entered into a settlement agreement and the
Company is repaying the debt in monthly installments. Subsequently thereafter, the Company defaulted under the terms of the agreement.
The liability of approximately million has been accrued and includes interest million calculated based on a default rate of
 and is included as a component of accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

The Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the RRA dated April 13, 2021. The Company had ninety (90) calendar days following the closing date of its Merger with TTM Digital Assets 
Technologies, Inc. on April 14, 2021, to file an initial registration statement covering the Shares. The ninety (90) calendar day filing
date was July 13, 2021 Filing Deadline ). The Company did not fulfil its obligation to file a registration statement covering
the Shares by July 13, 2021, nor any date thereafter up to and including the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and therefore has
accounted for an accrued liability in the amount of million recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Accrued Liabilities
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The RRA terminated as of October 14, 2021, by its own terms. 

F- 30 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to Tech Data. The Note
provides that interest shall accrue on the balance of the Note at the rate of per annum. Due to miscommunication with Tech Data,
the Company inadvertently failed to pay, when due, some of the installment payments in the aggregate principal amount of 
million as of December 31, 2021, as set forth in the Note and has defaulted
under the Note. 

On
December 14, 2021, 

 Following
a negotiation with Tech Data, the Company was able to reduce the Award by in excess of million, and on January 13, 2022, the
Company and Tech Data entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement (the Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, the Company paid . (the Settlement Amount on January 14, 2022. The Company recognized a gain on settlement
of million and has recorded in product costs in the consolidated statement of operations. The Award was deemed satisfied
in full. Among other things, Tech Data agreed to file an acknowledgment of full satisfaction of judgment attached as an exhibit to the
Settlement Agreement, not take any further action against the Company in connection with or relating to the Judgment, and release the
Company and its representatives from any and all claims, including the Judgment, which Tech Data may have against the Company based upon
any transaction that occurred at any time before the date of the Settlement Agreement. 

Convertible
Debenture Litigation 

On June 3, 2022, the Company
became aware that a Complaint had been entered against the Company in the United States District Court Southern District of New York by
ProActive Capital Partners, L.P, a convertible debenture holder. The Complaint is entered for injunctive relief to honor is stock conversion,
recover damages, and receive payments due under the Debenture agreement. The convertible debenture principal and interest of approximately
 million is recorded in the consolidated balance sheets accrued liabilities for the period ended December 31, 2022. The
notice of conversion to convert its convertible debt to shares of the Company s sto ck will
be honored. 

Operating
Leases/Right-of-Use Assets and Lease Liability 

On
December 8, 2021, the Company s principal executive offices moved to 13880 Dulles Corner Lane, Suite 120, Herndon, Virginia 20171.
We lease these premises, which consist of approximately square feet, pursuant to a lease that expires on . The total
amount of rent expense under the leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. The Company has no other
operating or financing leases with terms greater than 12 months. 

The
following is a summary of the activity in the Company s current and long-term operating lease liabilities for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021: 

Leased assets surrendered in exchange for termination of operating lease liabilities 
 -
 
 -

F- 31 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 

2025 

Total future lease payments 

Less: interest expense at incremental borrowing rate 

Net present value of lease liabilities 

Other
assumptions and pertinent information related to the Company s accounting for operating leases are: 

years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate used to determine present value of operating lease liability: 

Litigation

Certain
conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only
be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment
inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the
Company, or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings
or unasserted claims, as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If
the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. 

If
the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but
cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and
material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered
remote are generally not disclosed, unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. There can be no assurance
that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations
or cash flows. See Contractual Commitments above, for disclosure of the settlement agreement. 

On June 3, 2022, the Company became aware that a Complaint had been
entered against the Company in the United States District Court Southern District of New York by ProActive Capital Partners, L.P, a convertible
debenture holder. The Complaint is entered for injunctive relief to honor is stock conversion, recover damages, and receive payments due
under the Debenture agreement. The convertible debenture principal and interest of million is recorded in the consolidated balance
sheets accrued liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. The notice of conversion to convert its convertible debt to shares
of the Company s stock will be honored. 

F- 32 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the outstanding pre-merger equity of TTM Digital prior to the merger transaction with Sysorex
for a total value of approximately million. As a result of the merger, and in consideration for the ownership of
TTM Digital. CoreWeave was issued shares of Sysorex common stock at the merger. 

Lease to Buy Purchase Order 

The Company
acquired 1,344 GPU data mining equipment with 125 gigahash of computing power in a lease to buy arrangement. The Company agreed to total
payments of million over 180 days subject to acceleration based on the completion of certain corporate events. Revenue generated
by operation of the equipment from April 1, 2021, shall be credited against the purchase price until payment of the balance of the purchase
price. The Company has determined that the fair value of the installment payments is million and will record in
financing interest costs for the aggregate million in installment payments. The Company recognized approximately 
of such interest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Hosting
Facilities Services Order 

The Hosting Facility Services
Order (the Hosting Contract provided for the provision of hosting facility space and services by CoreWeave. The services
are paid for in advance of the service month and the initial term of the hosting services is through June 30, 2022, which renews automatically
for successive one year renewal terms unless either party terminates within sixty (60) days of the expiration of the then current term. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded in mining costs within discontinued
operations on the statement of operations. The Company terminated the Hosting Facilities Services Order effective June 30, 2022. 

Services
Agreement 

The
initial term of the Services Agreement runs from April 1, 2021, through December 31, 2022, and automatically renews thereafter for successive
one (1)-year terms unless either party provides written notice to the other of nonrenewal within sixty (60) days of the expiration of
the then current Term. The Company terminated the Service agreement effective June 30, 2022. 

Master Services Agreement 

On April
29, 2021, the Company entered into a Master Services Agreement with CoreWeave to provide support to management relating to cryptocurrency
expertise, marketing, and other operational matters for a three-month term. The compensation for these services is a fixed fee of per
30-day period, which includes 175 hours per period. The Company recorded and in service costs for the year ended December
31, 2021. Effective February 24, 2022, the master services agreement has been terminated. 

First Choice International
Company, Inc First Choice 

On July 9,
2021, the Company executed an agreement whereby First Choice will provide consulting services to the Company. First Choice s owner
is a shareholder in the Company. The Company paid First Choice a fully earned flat fee of for its services. The Agreement
shall extend for an initial period of six (6) months. Unless immediate termination is otherwise specifically permitted herein, the Company
may cancel the agreement by providing thirty (30) calendar days written notice. Notwithstanding, in the event of a Termination Notice,
all of the compensation due during the Term or any extension thereof shall be deemed fully earned and/or immediately due and payable. 

BK Consulting
Group, LLC 

On
September 24, 2021, the Company entered into a Business Advisory Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement with BK
Consulting Group, LLC ("BK Consulting"). The President of BK Consulting, Brian Kantor, is a beneficial owner in the Company as disclosed
in the beneficial owner table. The Company paid BK Consulting an upfront flat fee of with a service period term from September
24, 2021 through March 23, 2022 for consulting services. In connection with this fee, the Company expensed through December
31, 2021 and in 2022. In November 2021, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Consulting Agreement Amendment
1 in which the Company agreed to pay BK Consulting an additional for consulting services, extending the service period
term and additional 3 months to June 23, 2022. The Company recorded of this additional fee in 2021, and in 2022 over
the extended service period. In May 2022, the Company entered into an additional term extension on the initial services provided in the
Consulting Agreement Amendment 2") through June 3, 2022, for which an additional was paid and expensed for services provided
in May 2022. During 2021, the Company expensed in total relating to the Consulting Agreement and Amendment 1. During 2022, the
Company expensed in total relating to the Consulting Agreement, Amendment 1 and Amendment 2. 

F- 33 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

restricted common shares
(the Fees) and the Fees shall be deemed fully earned upon execution of the Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
a value of the stock of , which included of additional paid in capital and par value. 

Bespoke
Growth Partners, Inc. Bespoke 

Effective
April 1, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Bespoke. Bespoke s owner is a shareholder in the Company. In
connection with the consulting agreement, the Company agreed to issue shares of common stock, of which were
later exercised for pre-funded warrants, of which were unexercised as of December 31, 2021. The pre-funded warrants
were subsequently exercised on January 21, 2022. The Company recognized an expense associated with the share issuance totaling approximately
 . 

Effective
as of April 15, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Bespoke. The Company made an additional payment in accordance with the agreement of in January 2022. The Company expensed
this advisory fee during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which is recorded as consultant fees in general and administrative
operating costs in the consolidated statement of operations. As of June 30, 2022, the Bespoke consulting agreement has expired. 

Effective
as of January 13, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Bespoke. Under the terms of the consulting agreement, the
Company is to pay Bespoke a gross advisory fee of for identifying the Ostendo acquisition and services related to the Company.
On March 23, 2022, the Company paid off the balance owed for this service. The Company expensed the advisory fee during the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, which is recorded as consultant fees in general and administrative in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Ressense
LLC 

On
August 4, 2021, the Company executed a six (6) month business advisory services agreement with Ressense LLC. Ressense s owner is
a shareholder in the Company. The services to be provided include potential business activities including acquisition, merger and reverse
merger opportunities. As compensation for the performance of services, the Company paid and recorded through January 31,
2022, as consultant fees in general and administrative in the consolidated statement of operations. The business advisory services agreement
expired January 31, 2022. 

One
Percent Investments, Inc. 

On June 21, 2022, the Company
executed a four (4) month business advisory services agreement with Percent Investments, Inc. The owner of Percent is a shareholder
in the Company. The services to be provided include potential future merger and/or acquisition activities, strategic alliances, joint
ventures, and advisory services in connection with the Company s desire to up-list to a national stock exchange. As compensation
for the performance of services, the Company paid for the respective service period. Additional compensation in the amount
of will be rendered in connection with the up-listing process. The Company recognized of expense during the
year ended December 31, 2022, which is recorded as consultant fees in general and administrative operating costs in the consolidated statement
of operations. 

F- 34 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the value of any accrued but unpaid bonus. Except
as set forth in Amendment No. 2, the original employment agreement, as amended, remains in full force and effect. 

On
September 9, 2022, the Company entered into Second Amendment to the Employment Agreement for Wayne Wasserberg, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer. The Second Amendment provides a minimum bonus of for achievement of the bonus milestone. The bonus milestone
is based upon the following: 

1. The
sale of all or substantially all of the stock or assets of: (i) TTM Digital, or (ii) Sysorex Government Services. 

2. The
raising of million dollars in financing by or before December 31, 2022, in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

Accrued Salaries and Bonuses 

As of December 31, 2022, officers
of the Company, Zaman Khan and Vincent Loiacono deferred bonuses of and respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded of severance and bonus as part of the CTO s termination package. 

Style
Hunter, Inc. 

On September 26, 2021, 

Omniverse, LLC 

On April 3, 2023, 

F- 35 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Rent 
 -

Vendor Payments 
 
 -

Insurance 
 -

License and Maintenance Contracts 

Income
tax expense (benefit) consists of the following: 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

F- 36 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Federal and state rate change and other 
 - 
 
 Transaction costs 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 
 Other permanent items 

Embedded Derivative 

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 

Effective income tax rate 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s deferred tax assets consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following
(in thousands of dollars): 

Fixed assets 

Accrued compensation 

Reserves 

Intangible assets 

Business interest limitation 

Lease Liabilities 

Tax Credits 
 -

Loss Contingency 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets and liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Prior
to the merger (as discussed in Note 1), the Company was a Partnership for US Income Tax purposes and therefore had no provision for income
tax as of December 31, 2020. Subsequent to the merger the entity became a taxable entity. 

The Company had approximately
 million and million of U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income
at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company had approximately million and million of state NOL carryovers
available to offset future taxable income at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The U.S. federal NOL s generated
in 2022 do not expire and have an indefinite life. State NOLs begin to expire at various dates beginning in 2038. 

The
future utilization of federal net operating loss carryforwards generated after 2017 is limited to of taxable income. An additional
limitation applies to the use of federal net operating loss and credit carryforwards, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, that is applicable if the Company experiences an ownership change. The Company completed a 382 study
and determined that there was a change in ownership on April 14, 2021, which limits their NOL and Section 163(j) carryforwards. The resulting
Section 382 limitations are not expected to materially impact the Company s ability to utilize carryforwards as NOLs and 163(j)
should be available for utilization before expiration assuming sufficient future taxable income. Future changes in the ownership of the
Company could further limit the Company s ability to utilize its NOLs and credits. 

F- 37 

SYSOREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million. 

ASC 740 also clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and
transition. The Company is required to file federal and state income tax returns. Based on the Company s evaluation, it has been
concluded that there are no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated
with unrecognized tax benefits is to record such interest and penalties as interest expense and as a component of general and administrative
expense, respectively. There were no amounts accrued for interest or penalties for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management does
not expect any material changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year. 

The
Company operates in multiple tax jurisdictions, and, in the normal course of business, its tax returns are subject to examination by
various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future assessments by these taxing authorities. The Company is subject to
examination by U.S. tax authorities beginning with the year ended December 31, 2018. Currently, the Company is not subject to any examinations. 

As a result, the additional
shares and warrant 3 will be issuable for each 30-day period, or portion thereof, that the registrable securities have not become effective.
As of May 31, 2023, the Company is obligated to issue an additional million shares of common stock and warrant 3 to purchase an additional
 million shares of common stock. 

Stock Purchase Agreement 

On April 3, 2023, the Company
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Omniverse LLC Omniverse ), whereby the Company
agreed to sell to Omniverse shares of Series C-7b Preferred Stock of Ostendo Technologies, Inc. The Agreement requires Omniverse
to pay the Company a purchase price consisting of and other valuable consideration in the form of consulting services of approximately
 million. The Company retained shares of the investment in Ostendo. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded 
million in the Consolidated Balance sheets as equity investment in Ostendo. 

Furnishing of Information: Public Information 

As required under the Securities Purchase Agreement,
disclosed in Note 8 Short Term debt, with the convertible debenture holders thereunder, the Company is required to timely file its Annual
Report, Form 10K and Quarterly Report Form 10Q under the Securities and Exchange Act and in order to satisfy the provisions of Rule 144(c).
As of March 31, 2023, the Company was unable to meet its filing requirements deadlines, therefore, the Company has incurred partial liquidated
damages of approximately million. Damages will continue to accrue until the date on which the public information requirements of
Rule 144(c) have been satisfied. 

F- 38 

ITEM
9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed with the objective of providing reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management
is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

As of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by
this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15e and 15d-15(e). This type of evaluation is performed on a quarterly basis so that conclusions of management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concerning the effectiveness of the disclosure controls can be reported
in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. The overall goals of these evaluation activities are to monitor our disclosure controls
and to modify them as necessary. We intend to maintain the disclosure controls as dynamic systems that we adjust as circumstances merit.
Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses described below. 

On May 17, 2022, subsequent
to the evaluation as of December 31, 2021, management, in agreement with the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors,
determined that the previously issued financial statements for the Affected Periods should no longer be relied upon and required restatement.
As previously disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2022, with the SEC, on May 17, 2022, the Company s
management determined that its prior conclusion that the conversion feature of the Debentures qualified for equity classification
and, therefore, qualified for the application of the guidance in ASU 2020-06 was incorrect. Management determined that the conversion
feature was a liability classified derivative under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
from the inception requiring recognition at fair value for each reporting period. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Relating
to Our Business - We have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as
a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
 detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
 recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
 timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements. 

Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent
limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses
in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial
reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 

32 

Management has used the 2013
framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded controls were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to
identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses
identified is disclosed below: 

1. The Company does not have a formal top-down risk assessment process
or cyber risk assessment to identify significant process areas, underlying key controls, and nor does the Company have a monitoring
process in place to monitor internal controls over financial reporting. 

2. The
Company did not properly design or maintain effective entity level monitoring controls over the financial close and reporting process.
The Company s controls surrounding the review of financial statements, vendor agreements, key reconciliations and accounting for
complex transactions were not designed and did not operate at a level of precision that would prevent or detect a material misstatement. 

3. The
Company did not design and implement appropriate user access controls to ensure segregation of duties that would adequately restrict
user access to financially significant information systems, and schedules, specifically surrounding mining revenue and mining equipment. 

4. 
 The Company has not implemented formalized and documented detective compensating controls over significant process areas integral to financial reporting that mitigate insufficient segregation of duties. 

5. The
Company did not properly design or maintain effective controls over its service organizations and IT vendors. More specifically, the
Company did not properly design or implement controls to ensure that data received from third parties is complete and accurate or have
controls in place to review the applicable complementary user entity controls described in service organizations reports for their
potential impact on the Company s financial reporting. 

Remediation
Plan for Existing Material Weaknesses 

Management
is committed to the remediation of the material weaknesses described above, as well as the continued improvement of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Management has implemented, and continues to implement, the actions described below to remediate
the underlying causes of the control deficiencies that gave rise to the material weaknesses. Until the remediation efforts described
below, including any additional measures management identifies as necessary, are completed, the material weaknesses described above will
continue to exist. We cannot provide any assurance that the below remediation efforts will be successful or that our internal control
over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. Management has commenced the following actions and will continue
to assess additional opportunities for remediation on an ongoing basis: 

1. Complete a formal top-down and cyber risk assessment to determine and
confirm the material financial and information technology related processes in scope and determine the necessary key controls to
be formally monitored to ensure the mitigation of material financial reporting risks. 

2. To
formally document the existence of a set of key controls over the financial reporting process, assigned to the most appropriate owner,
and monitored periodically to ensure their effectiveness in operating at the desired level of precision to mitigate the risks identified
during the risk assessment. 

3. As
part of the formal risk assessment, formally identify (and periodically update) the list of systems in scope and determine the proper
set of controls to ensure a timely, accurate, and formal review of each user access to mitigate the risk of unauthorized, and nonsegregated
activities. 

4. 
 The Company will develop, formalize and document detective compensating controls over significant process areas integral to financial reporting that will allow the Company to mitigate insufficient segregation of duties. 

5. 
 As part of the formal risk assessment, formally identify (and periodically update) the list of external service providers in scope and assess whether controls are in place (performed by the service provider or by the company) to address the completeness and accuracy of the relevant information needed to complete the company s financial statement 

33 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting . 

ITEM
9B: Other Information 

None 

ITEM
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

34 

PART
III 

ITEM
10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names and ages of all of our current
directors and executive officers. Our officers are appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Company s Board of Directors
(the Board ). On, September 22, 2022, at the Company s Annual Meeting of its stockholders, Wayne Wasserberg, Zaman
Kahn and William Stilley were elected to the Company s Board of Directors, to serve for a term of one year, until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected. Mr. Stilley resigned from his position as a member of the Board
on October 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Wayne Wasserberg 
 
 41 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Zaman Khan 
 
 54 
 
 Director, President 
 
 Vincent Loiacono 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Wayne
Wasserberg 

Mr.
Wasserberg is the Chief Executive Officer of Sysorex, Inc. and the President of TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc., and a member
of Sysorex s Board of Directors. Mr. Wasserberg is an executive with more than 15 years of experience working with clients internationally
across industries including structured finance, currency trading and arbitrage, alternative assets investments, and infrastructure and
real estate development. Prior to joining the Company on April 14, 2021, Mr. Wasserberg was the President of Quantum Lexicon, a company
focused on advisory services to technology innovation companies. Before he joined Quantum Lexicon in 2020, Mr. Wasserberg founded and
served as CEO of an international real estate brokerage and property management company, where he was directly involved in more than
 200 million in closed transactions. In this role, he also provided consulting to large multinational companies regarding their geographic
expansions. Mr. Wasserberg began his career at International Sales Group and was responsible for more than 500 million in international
sales within a flagship Trump property. Mr. Wasserberg holds a Bachelor of Science from State University of New York, Oneonta. 

Zaman
Khan 

Mr.
Khan has served as our President since August 2018. Mr. Khan has served as a member of our Board since July 2018. Mr. Khan has also served
as the President of SGS since January 2017. From 1997 until January 2017, Mr. Khan served as the Executive Vice President at Intelligent
Decisions, Inc., an information technology firm specialized in government contracting with an emphasis in intelligence space. From 1991
to 1996, Mr. Khan served as the Director of Business Development of WIN Laboratories, LTD, a manufacturer of WIN Labs computers and reseller
specialized in government and commercial contracting. Mr. Khan s strong background in technology startups, international business
development, strategic operations, contract administration, and organizational leadership led us to the conclusion that he should serve
as a member of our Board. 

Vincent
Loiacono 

Mr.
Loiacono has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 2018. He has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of SGS since
March 2018. From October 2015 through February 2018, Mr. Loiacono provided consulting and performed tax service projects, primarily in
residential real estate, commercial banking and SEC reporting. From October 2014 to September 2015, Mr. Loiacono served as VP Finance,
Operations and Analytic at Intelligent Decisions, Inc. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Loiacono served as Chief Financial Officer of TerreStar
Networks where he was responsible for scaling its business, providing strategic oversight of the development of its satellite phone and
the launch of its commercial satellite. From 2005 through 2008, Mr. Loiacono served as the Senior Vice President and Principal Financial
Officer at WorldSpace Radio Satellite Radio where he led the effort to raise 220 million in its initial public offering and the buildout
of its international markets. Mr. Loiacono received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from CUNY-Bernard M. Baruch
College in 1983. Mr. Loiacono is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is licensed as a Certified Public
Accountant in New York. 

35 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, there is no involvement in legal proceedings during the past ten years that is required to be disclosed pursuant
to Regulation S-K 401(f). 

Board
of Directors 

Our Board may establish the authorized number of directors from time
to time by resolution. The current authorized number of directors is three and we have one vacancy on the Board. Our current directors,
if elected, will continue to serve as directors until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor has been
elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal.

We
continue to review our corporate governance policies and practices by comparing our policies and practices with those suggested by various
groups or authorities active in evaluating or setting best practices for corporate governance of public companies. Based on this review,
we have adopted, and will continue to adopt, changes that the Board believes are the appropriate corporate governance policies and practices
for our Company. 

Our Board held ten
meetings during 2022. No officer or member of our board of directors was delinquent in filing any Section 16 reports during 2022. No
member of our Board attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board (held during the period
for which he or she was a director) and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such director
served (held during the period that such director served), if any. 

Independence
of Directors 

In determining the independence
of our directors, we apply the definition of independent director provided under the listing rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market
LLC. Pursuant to these rules, one of our directors (Mr. Stilley) that served during 2022 was independent within the meaning of Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5605. On October 31, 2022, Mr. Stilley submitted his resignation as a director. As of December 31, 2022, there is no independent
director on the Board of Directors. 

There
are no family relationships between any of the individuals who serve as members of our Board and as our executive officers. 

Board
Committees 

Audit
Committee 

On October 31, 2022, our audit
committee chair resigned his position with the Company. Currently, we do not have a separately designated standing audit committee. 

Compensation
Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committees 

We
currently are not required to have, and do not have, a compensation committee, a corporate governance and nominating committee, or any
other Board committee performing equivalent functions. Currently, the members of our full Board participate in discussions concerning
executive officer compensation and Board matters. 

Stockholder
Communications 

Stockholders
can communicate with the Company through the Company s investor relations firm, Crescendo Communications LLC, firm which is noted on each press release issued by the Company. The firm then communicates with the Board of Directors on any inquiries. 

Stockholder
Proposals and Director Nominations 

Stockholder
proposals are reviewed by the Secretary for compliance with the requirements for such proposals set forth in Rule 14a-8 promulgated under
the Exchange Act. Stockholder proposals that meet these requirements will be summarized by the Secretary. Summaries and copies of the
stockholder proposals are circulated to the Chairman of the Board. 

Stockholder
nominations for directors are reviewed by the Secretary for compliance with the requirements for director nominations that are set forth
in our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Stockholder nominations for directors that meet these requirements are summarized by the
Secretary. Summaries and copies of the nominations are then circulated to the Chairman of the Board. 

Code
of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics that applies to members of our Board, our executive officers, and our employees.
The Code of Conduct is available on our website at https://sysorexinc.com/?page_id=2 We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under
Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Ethics by posting such information on our website
at the address specified above. 

36 

ITEM
11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The following table summarizes
the total compensation earned by each of the following executive officers (each an NEO and collectively, our NEOs for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Stock 

Option 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Total 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Wayne Wasserberg, 
 
 2022 

400,000 

400,000 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

286,667 

100,000 

400,000 
 (1) 

786,667 

Zaman Khan, 
 
 2022 

300,000 

250,000 
 (5) 

550,000 

President (2) 
 
 2021 

300,000 

200,000 
 (2) 

14,700 
 (3) 

28,623 
 (4) 

543,323 

Vincent Loiacono, 
 
 2022 

250,000 

135,000 
 (8) 

385,000 

Chief Financial Officer (3) 
 
 2021 

237,500 

60,000 
 (6) 

28,623 
 (7) 

326,123 

(1) Pursuant
to the terms of Mr. Wasserberg s Employment Agreement (see Employment Agreements and arrangements Wayne Wasserberg 
below), the Company granted Mr. Wasserberg 500,000 shares of common stock on July 20, 2021. This amount reflects the full grant date
fair value of the stock award as measured pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 718 as stock-based compensation in our consolidated financial statements. The fair value at the date of the grant was 0.40 per
share. This amount does not necessarily correspond to the actual value that may be recognized from the stock award by Mr. Wasserberg.
The remaining 500,000 shares of common stock were granted to Mr. Wasserberg on January 20, 2022. The fair value of the stock award at
the date of grant was 0.40 per share. 

(2) Mr.
Khan earned a bonus in the amount of 200,000 in 2021. As of April 15, 2021, 50,000 was accrued and unpaid. On
April 15, 2021, in connection with the reverse triangular merger, the Company and Mr. Khan agreed to convert the full amount of the accrued
and unpaid bonus to shares of common stock at a price per share of 0.569. Accordingly, on April 15, 2021, the Company issued
289,455 shares of common stock to Mr. Khan. 

(3) As
of April 15, 2021, a loan in the amount of 14,700 made by Mr. Khan to the Company was recorded. The Company subsequently issued shares
of common stock to Mr. Khan in lieu of such repayment of such loan. On April 15, 2021, in connection with the reverse triangular merger,
the Company and Mr. Khan agreed to convert the full amount of the accrued and unpaid loan to shares of common stock at a price per share
of 0.569. Accordingly, on April 15, 2021, the Company issued 289,455 shares of common stock to Mr. Khan. 

(4) On
July 20, 2021, the Board of Directors granted an option to Mr. Khan to purchase 750,000 shares of common stock. These options were fully
vested at grant. The fair value at the date of the grant was 0.24 per share. The fair value of the grant is amortized over the service
life of the grant. 

(5) Mr. Khan earned a bonus in the amount of 250,000 in 2022, as of June
12, 2023, 90,000 was accrued and unpaid. 

(6) Mr.
Loiacono earned a bonus in the amount of 60,000 in 2021. As of April 15, 2021, 15,000 was accrued and unpaid. On April 15, 2021, in
connection with the reverse triangular merger, the Company and Mr. Loiacono agreed to convert the full amount of the accrued and unpaid
bonus to shares of common stock at a price per share of 0.569. Accordingly, on April 15, 2021, the Company issued 79,086 shares of common
stock to Mr. Loiacono. 

(7) On
July 20, 2021, the Board of Directors granted an option to Mr. Loiacono to purchase 750,000 shares of common stock. These options were
fully vested at grant. The fair value at the date of the grant was 0.24 per share. The fair value of the grant is amortized over the
service life of the grant. 

(8) Mr. Loiacono earned a bonus in the amount of 135,000 in 2022. As of
June 12, 2023, 75,000 was accrued and unpaid. 

Employment
Agreements and Arrangements 

Wayne
Wasserberg 

On
May 7, 2021, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, Wayne Wasserberg, pursuant to which
Mr. Wasserberg will continue to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as President, Treasurer, and Secretary of
its wholly owned subsidiary, TTM Digital. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Wasserberg will receive an annual base salary of Four Hundred
Thousand Dollars 400,000). In addition, he was granted a sign-on bonus of Fifty Thousand Dollars 50,000) and will receive an
additional bonus of Fifty Thousand Dollars 50,000) upon the Employee s successful completion of six (6) months of employment
with the Company. Further, the Employment Agreement states that additional bonus performance criteria are to be included within two
(2) months of the effective date of the Employment Agreement, subject to approval of the board of directors of the Company (the
 Board ). The Company also agreed that Mr. Wasserberg shall receive an initial stock grant of 200,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, once the employee stock option plan is approved by the Board and filed on Form S-8 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. The Employment Agreement subjects Mr. Wasserberg to customarily confidentiality, non-solicitation, and
intellectual property assignment provisions. The Employment Agreement provides for a two-year term and may be terminated by either
party in accordance with its terms. The Employment Agreement obligates the Company to remit certain cash payments to Mr. Wasserberg
in connection with qualifying terminations, encompassing three termination scenarios: with Just Cause (as defined in the Employment
Agreement), without Just Cause, and in the event of disability and death. Termination with Just Cause results in payments of the
relevant portion of base salary, accrued and unused vacation, payments of unreimbursed expenses and receipt of the vested portion of
any benefit plan (the Just Cause Payments ). In the event, Mr. Wasserberg is terminated without Just Cause or within
the twenty-four (24) month period following a Change of Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), then the Company shall, in
addition to the Just Cause Payments, (1) continue to pay his base salary for one month for every two months of employment after the
effective date of the Employment Agreement up to a maximum of twelve (12) months subject to and conditioned upon Employee signing a
full general release of any and all known and unknown claims against the Company; and (2) within forty-five days of termination pay
to Employee one hundred percent of the value of any accrued but unpaid bonus that Employee otherwise would have received. If the
employment of Mr. Wasserberg is terminated due to his disability or death, the Company will be required to pay to him or his estate
the amounts required by law or disability plans and the Just Cause Payments. 

37 

On
July 26, 2021, the Company and Mr. Wasserberg entered into an amendment to the Employment Agreement effective as of July 20, 2021
(the Amendment ). The Amendment increased the total number of restricted shares of common stock issuable to Mr.
Wasserberg pursuant to the Employment Agreement from 200,000 to 1,000,000 and provided that the entirety of the shares will be
issued pursuant to the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan in accordance with the following vesting schedule: (i) 500,000
shares of common stock will be issued and vested as of July 20, 2021 and (ii) an additional 500,000 shares of restricted common
stock will be issued and vested on January 20, 2022, provided that such issuance and vesting will occur only if Mr. Wasserberg
remains an employee of the Company and TTM Digital as of such date. On July 20, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of
restricted common stock to Mr. Wasserberg, and on January 20, 2021, the Company issued an additional 500,000 shares of restricted
common stock to Mr. Wasserberg. 

On September 9, 2022, the
Company entered into Second Amendment to the Employment Agreement for Wayne Wasserberg, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The
Second Amendment provides a minimum bonus of 100,000 for achievement of the bonus milestone. The bonus milestone is based upon the following: 

1. The
sale of all or substantially all of the stock or assets of: (i) TTM Digital, or (ii) Sysorex Government Services. 

2. The
raising of five million dollars in financing by or before December 31, 2022, in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

Zaman
Khan 

In
connection with the Spin-off, on August 31, 2018, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Zaman Khan,
pursuant to which Mr. Khan acts as the Chief Executive Officer for the Company and as the President of SGS. The term of the agreement
is 24 months. Mr. Khan is paid an annual salary of 300,000 a year for his services (the Khan Base Salary ). In addition
to the Khan Base Salary, Mr. Khan receives a quarterly incentive bonus in the amount of 50,000 and is eligible to participate in any
executive bonus pools, discretionary performance bonuses (based on targets or other performance objectives) or deferred compensation
plans that the Company may establish in its sole discretion. Mr. Khan also receives medical, dental, and vision insurance coverage for
him, his spouse and his children, to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions that such coverage is provided to other senior
management employees of the Company and may participate in the Company s 401(k) plan to the same extent and on the same terms and
conditions that other senior management employees of the Company are permitted to participate. Mr. Khan is entitled to three weeks paid
vacation per year and paid sick days to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions that the Company provides to its other senior
management employees. 

The
Company may, in its sole discretion, terminate the agreement, including for Just Cause, as defined in the agreement. Mr. Khan may resign
from his employment as a result of a material diminution of his duties, responsibilities, authority, and position with both the Company
and SGS, or a material reduction in his compensation and benefits, or if he ceases to hold the position of Chief Executive Officer at
the Company after a Change of Control, as defined in the agreement (each a Khan Termination Event ). If the Company terminates
the agreement without Just Cause or within 24 months following a Change of Control, or if Mr. Khan resigns his position as a result of
a Termination Event, the Company must: (i) continue to pay to Mr. Khan the Khan Base Salary, subject to customary payroll practices and
withholdings, for six months or for 12 months if he was employed for more than 24 months after the Effective Date (subject to and conditioned
upon Mr. Khan signing a full general release of any and all known and unknown claims against the Company, SGS and their related parties)
(the Khan Severance Payment (ii) within 45 days of termination or resignation, pay to Mr. Khan 100 of the value of any
accrued but unpaid bonus that he otherwise would have received; (iii) pay to Mr. Khan the value of any accrued but unpaid vacation time;
(iv) pay to Mr. Khan any unreimbursed business expenses and travel expenses that are reimbursable under the agreement; (v) pay an amount
equal to the Company s monthly COBRA premium in effect on the date of termination for the number of months applicable to the Khan
Severance Payment; and (vi) to the extent required under the terms of any benefit plan the vested portion of any benefit under such plan.
If the Company terminates the agreement for Just Cause, Mr. Khan will receive only that portion of the Khan Base Salary, accrued but
unused vacation pay, and unreimbursed business expenses, that has been earned or have been incurred through the date of termination and,
to the extent required under the terms of any benefit plan, the vested portion of any benefit under such plan. Mr. Khan s employment
will be terminated immediately upon (i) his Disability, as defined in the agreement, for a period exceeding 3 months in any twelve-month
period, or (ii) his death. If Mr. Khan s employment is terminated due to Disability or death, the Company will be required to pay
to him or his estate, unrelated to any amounts that he may receive pursuant to any short-term and long-term disability plans or life
insurance plans, the Khan Base Salary and accrued but unpaid vacation pay earned through the date of termination, unreimbursed business
expenses and to the extent required under the terms of any benefit plan, the vested portion of any benefit under such plan. 

Mr.
Khan has agreed to certain confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation provisions and the Company has agreed to indemnify Mr. Khan
for acts undertaken in the course of his service so long as (i) he acted in good faith and in a manner he believed to be in, or not opposed
to, the best interests of the Company and SGS, and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct
was unlawful, and (ii) his conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful or wanton misconduct. 

38 

Vincent
Loiacono 

The
Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Vincent Loiacono, pursuant to which Mr. Loiacono acts as the Chief Financial Officer
for the Company and SGS. Mr. Loiacono is paid an annual salary of 175,000 a year for his services (the Loiacono Base Salary ).
In addition to the Loiacono Base Salary, Mr. Loiacono receives a quarterly incentive bonus in the amount of 15,000 and is eligible to
participate in any executive bonus pools, discretionary performance bonuses (based on targets or other performance objectives) or deferred
compensation plans that the Company may establish in its sole discretion. Mr. Loiacono also receives medical, dental, and vision insurance
coverage for him, his spouse and his children, to the same extent, and on the same terms and conditions that such coverage is provided
to other senior management employees of the Company and may participate in the Company s 401(k) plan to the same extent and on
the same terms and conditions that other senior management employees of the Company are permitted to participate. Mr. Loiacono is entitled
to three weeks paid vacation per year and paid sick days to the same extent and on the same terms and conditions as the Company provides
to its other senior management employees. 

The
Company may, in its sole Discretion, terminate the agreement, including for Just Cause, as defined in the agreement. Mr. Loiacono may
resign from his employment as a result of a material diminution of his duties, responsibilities, authority, and position with both the
Company and SGS, or a material reduction in his compensation and benefits, or if he ceases to hold the position of Chief Financial Officer
at the Company after a Change of Control, as defined in the agreement (each a Loiacono Termination Event ). If the Company
terminates the agreement without Just Cause or within 24 months following a Change of Control, or if Mr. Loiacono resigns his position
as a result of a Termination Event, the Company must: (i) continue to pay to Mr. Loiacono the Loiacono Base Salary, subject to customary
payroll practices and withholdings, for one month for every 3 months of employment after the Effective Date up to a maximum of 6 months
(subject to and conditioned upon Mr. Loiacono signing a full general release of any and all known and unknown claims against the Company,
SGS and their related parties) (the Loiacono Severance Payment (ii) within 45 days of termination or resignation, pay
to Mr. Loiacono 100 of the value of any accrued but unpaid bonus that he otherwise would have received; (iii) pay to Mr. Loiacono the
value of any accrued but unpaid vacation time; (iv) pay to Mr. Loiacono any unreimbursed business expenses and travel expenses that are
reimbursable under the agreement; (v) pay an amount equal to the Company s monthly COBRA premium in effect on the date of termination
for the number of months applicable to the Loiacono Severance Payment; and (vi) to the extent required under the terms of any benefit
plan the vested portion of any benefit under such plan. If the Company terminates the agreement for Just Cause, Mr. Loiacono will receive
only that portion of the Loiacono Base Salary, accrued but unused vacation pay, and unreimbursed business expenses, that has been earned
or have been incurred through the date of termination and, to the extent required under the terms of any benefit plan, the vested portion
of any benefit under such plan. Mr. Loiacono s employment will be terminated immediately upon (i) his Disability, as defined in
the agreement, for a period exceeding 3 months in any twelve-month period, or (ii) his death. If Mr. Loiacono s employment is terminated
due to Disability or death, the Company will be required to pay to him or his estate, unrelated to any amounts that he may receive pursuant
to any short-term and long-term disability plans or life insurance plans, the Loiacono Base Salary and accrued but unpaid vacation pay
earned through the date of termination, unreimbursed business expenses and to the extent required under the terms of any benefit plan,
the vested portion of any benefit under such plan. 

Mr.
Loiacono has agreed to certain confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation provisions and the Company has agreed to indemnify Mr.
Loiacono for acts undertaken in the course of his service so long as (i) he acted in good faith and in a manner he believed to be in,
or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company and SGS, and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
believe his conduct was unlawful, and (ii) his conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful or wanton misconduct. 

39 

On February 16, 2021, the
Company entered into an amendment Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Vincent
Loiacono, the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 1, Mr. Loiacono s base salary was
set at 250,000 per year and an indemnification clause was added to the Employment Agreement. 

On August 10, 2022, the Company
entered into a second Amendment Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Vincent Loiacono,
the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 2, the parties amended the termination provisions
of the original employment agreement, as amended. Amendment No. 2 provides that the Company, in its sole discretion, may terminate Mr.
Loiacono s employment for any reason without Just Cause (as defined in the employment agreement, as amended) at any time. If (a)
the Company terminates Mr. Loiacono s employment without Just Cause, or (b) within 24 months following a change of control, Mr.
Loiacono resigns as a result of and upon a material diminution of his duties, responsibilities, authority, and position, or a material
reduction of his compensation and benefits, or if he ceases to hold the position of Chief Financial Officer after a change of control,
the Company will, among other things: (l) continue to pay Mr. Loiacono s base salary for one month for every two months of employment
after the effective date up to a maximum of 12 months (as opposed to six months under the original agreement, as amended); and (2) within
45 days of termination or resignation, pay to Mr. Loiacono 100 of the value of any accrued but unpaid bonus. Except as set forth in Amendment
No. 2, the original employment agreement, as amended, remains in full force and effect. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table includes
outstanding unexercised options, unvested stock, and/or equity incentive plan awards issued to our NEOs as of December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Wayne Wasserberg 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 - 

Zaman Khan 
 750,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 2.00 
 7/19/2031 

Vincent Loiacono 
 750,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 2.00 
 7/19/2031 

(1) 
 Represents a grant by the Board of Directors on July
 20, 2021, of an option purchase 750,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share. The grant was fully vested
 on the date of grant. 

40 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants or rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a) (e) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,656,000 
 2.00 
 6,424,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 N/A 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,656,000 
 2.00 
 6,424,000 

On
July 30, 2018, the board of directors and the stockholders of the Company approved the Company s 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the
 2018 Plan ), which enables the Company to grant stock options, share appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock
units, share awards, performance unit awards, and cash awards to associates, directors, consultants, and advisors of the Company and
its affiliates, and to improve the ability of the Company to attract, retain, and motivate individuals upon whom the Company s
sustained growth and financial success depend, by providing such persons with an opportunity to acquire or increase their proprietary
interest in the Company. The 2018 Plan is to be administered by the Board, which shall have discretion over the awards and grants there
under. The aggregate maximum number of shares of common stock for which stock options or awards may be granted pursuant to the 2018 Plan
is 80,000, which number will be automatically increased on the first day of each quarter, beginning on January 1, 2019 and for each quarter
thereafter, by a number of shares of common stock equal to the least of (i) 10,000 shares,(ii) 10 of the shares of common stock issued
and outstanding on that date, or (iii) a lesser number of shares that may be determined by the board. No awards may be issued after July
30, 2028. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an amendment (the Plan Amendment of the Company s
2018 Equity Incentive Plan (as so amended, the Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock
reserved for issuance thereunder by 8,000,000 shares. The Plan Amendment became effective immediately. 

The
following discussion summarizes the material terms of the Plan. This discussion is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan, which is included as an exhibit to this registration statement. 

41 

Administration 

The
Plan will be administered by a committee designated by the Board, provided, however, that if the Board fails to designate a committee,
the Board will administer the Plan. The committee has the authority to authorize awards to eligible persons, including employees (including
our executive officers), directors and other service providers. The committee has the authority to determine the terms of awards, including
exercise and purchase price, the number of shares subject to awards, the value of our common stock, the vesting schedule applicable to
awards, the form of consideration, if any, payable upon exercise or settlement of an award and the terms of award agreements for use
under the Plan. 

All
grants under the Plan will be evidenced by an award agreement that will incorporate the terms and conditions of the Plan as the committee
deems necessary or appropriate. 

Types
of Awards 

The
Plan provides for the granting of (i) options to purchase shares of our common stock in the form of Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified
Options, (ii) stock appreciation rights (SARs) in the form of Tandem SARs or Free-Standing SARs, (iii) share awards in the form of Bonus
Shares, Restricted Shares or Restricted Share Units, (iv) Performance Units and (v) Cash-Based Awards. 

Incentive and
 Nonqualified Stock Options . The committee determines the exercise price of each stock option. The exercise price of an NQSO may
 not be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of the grant. The exercise price of an incentive stock option
 may not be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant if the recipient holds 10 or less of the
 combined voting power of our securities, or 110 of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of grant
 otherwise. 

Stock
Grants . The committee may grant stock, including restricted stock, to any eligible person. The stock grant will be subject to the
conditions and restrictions determined by the committee. The recipient of a stock grant shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect
to the shares of stock issued to the holder under the Plan. 

Stock-Based
Awards . The committee may grant other stock-based awards, including SARs and restricted share units, with terms approved by the committee,
including restrictions related to the awards. The holder of a stock-based award shall not have the rights of a stockholder. 

Performance
Unit Awards. The committee may grant performance unit awards. A performance unit is a right to receive, contingent upon the attainment
of specified performance measures within a specified performance period, a specified cash amount or, in lieu thereof and to the extent
set forth in the applicable award agreement, shares having a fair market value equal to such cash amount. 

Coverage
Eligibility 

The
committee determines the individuals who are eligible to receive awards from the Plan. 

Termination
of Service 

Upon
termination of an award recipient s service, the disposition of any award shall be determined by the committee and be set forth
in the award agreement. 

Transferability 

Awards
under the Plan may not be transferred except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to beneficiary designation
procedures approved by the Company or, to the extent expressly permitted in the agreement relating to such award, to the holder s
family members, a trust or entity established by the holder for estate planning purpose, or a charitable organization designated by the
holder, in each case, without consideration. 

Adjustment 

In
the event of a stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization or reorganization or other change in the capital structure, the committee
will make appropriate adjustments to the awards. 

42 

Change
in Control 

In
the event of a Change in Control, as defined in the Plan, the Board, in its sole discretion, may (i) allow the immediate exercise of
awards subject to vesting or deem lapsed any restriction period or performance period to which an award is subject, (ii) provide that
some or all outstanding awards shall terminate without consideration as of the date of such Change in Control, (iii) require that shares
of the corporation or other entity resulting from such Change in Control, or a parent thereof, be substituted for some or all of the
shares subject to an outstanding award, with an appropriate and equitable adjustment to such award as shall be determined by the Board,
and/or (iv) require outstanding awards, in whole or in part, to be surrendered to the Company by the holder, and to be immediately cancelled
by the Company, and to provide for the holder to receive (A) a cash payment in an amount equal to (1) in the case of an option or an
SAR, the number of shares then subject to the portion of such option or SAR surrendered multiplied by the excess, if any, of the fair
market value of a share as of the date of the Change in Control, over the purchase price or base price per share subject to such option
or SAR, (2) in the case of an award of shares, the number of shares then subject to the portion of such award surrendered multiplied
by the fair market value of a share as of the date of the Change in Control, and (3) in the case of awards based on performance, the
value of the performance units then subject to the portion of such award surrendered; (B) shares of the corporation or other entity resulting
from such Change in Control, or a parent thereof, having a fair market value not less than the amount determined under clause (A) above;
or (C) a combination of the payment of cash pursuant to clause (A) above and the issuance of shares pursuant to clause (B) above. 

Amendment
and Termination 

The
Plan was approved by the Board on July 30, 2018. Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Plan will terminate on July 30, 2028. Termination
of the Plan will not affect the terms or conditions of any award granted prior to termination The Board may amend the Plan as it deems
advisable, subject to any requirement of stockholder approval required by applicable law, rule or regulation, including any rule of the
Nasdaq Capital Market or any other stock exchange on which shares are then traded; provided, however, that no amendment may materially
impair the rights of a holder of an outstanding award without the consent of such holder. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Any
non-employee directors of Sysorex will be paid an annual fee equal to 80,000, payable quarterly. Accordingly, William B. Stilley earned
fees of 26,000 for his service as a non-employee director during 2021. 

In
addition, upon the designation of committees of the Board, we expect that the Board will approve an additional annual fee to be paid
to the chair of each committee of the Board. Fees to independent directors may be made by issuance of common stock, based on the value
of such common stock at the date of issuance, rather than in cash, provided that any such issuance does not prevent such director from
being determined to be independent. We expect that each director that is not an executive officer may also receive grants under the Plan.
We expect that any of our executive officers who also serve as directors, however, will be separately compensated by us for their
service as directors. We expect that all members of the Board will be reimbursed for reasonable costs and expenses incurred in attending
meetings of our Board. 

2022 Director Compensation Table 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-equity incentive plan compensation 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 William B. Stilley 
 2022 
 60,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 

(1) 
 Mr. Stilley resigned as a member of our Board of Directors on October 31, 2022. 

43 

ITEM
12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth,
based on our knowledge, certain information as of June 6, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by the following
persons: 

each
person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5 of our common stock, 

our
NEOs. 

each
director; and 

all
our directors and current executive officers as a group. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe,
based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the following table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of our common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Applicable percentage ownership
is based on 2,484,426,501 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 12, 2023. In computing the number of shares of common stock
beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of common stock subject
to options or other convertible securities held by that person that are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60
days of June 12, 2023. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any
other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the following table is c/o Sysorex, Inc., 13880
Dulles Corner Lane, Suite 120, Herndon, Virginia 20171. 

Amount 

and 

nature of 

beneficial 
 Percent of 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 ownership 
 Class 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Wayne Wasserberg 
 1,000,000 

Zaman Khan (1) 
 1,039,455 

Vincent Loiacono (2) 
 829,086 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (3 persons) 
 2,868,541 

More than 5 Beneficial Owners 

Brian M. Herman (3) 
 306,055,273 
 8.78 
 
 James Resnick and Lidia Resnick (4) 
 300,000,000 
 8.61 
 
 Andrew Resnick (5) 
 300,000,000 
 8.61 
 
 Brian Kantor (6) 
 450,100,000 
 9.99 

(1) 
 Represents (i) 289,455 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Khan; and (ii) 750,000 shares of common stock that Mr. Khan has the right to acquire upon exercise of vested stock options. 

44 

(2) 
 Represents (i) 79,086 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Loiacono; and (ii) 750,000 shares of common stock that Mr. Loiacono has the right to acquire upon exercise of vested stock options. 

(3) 
 The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Herman include (a) 106,055,273 shares of common stock held directly and (b) 200,000,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by Mr. Hermann, which Warrants are subject to, as applicable, certain beneficial ownership limitations, which provide that a holder of such warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion thereof if such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 , of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. The address of Mr. Herman is 7464 Fairway Trail, Boca Raton Florida 33487. 

(4) 
 The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by James Resnick and Lidia Resnick include (a) 100,000,000 shares of common stock held directly and (b) 200,000,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by James Resnick and Lidia Resnick, which Warrants are subject to, as applicable, certain beneficial ownership limitations, which provide that a holder of such warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion thereof if such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 , of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. The address of James Resnick and Lidia Resnick is 2700 Bay Avenue, Miami Beach Florida 33140. 

(5) 
 The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Andrew Resnick include (a) 100,000,000 shares of common stock held directly and (b) 200,000,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by Andrew Resnick, which Warrants are subject to, as applicable, certain beneficial ownership limitations, which provide that a holder of such warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion thereof if such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 , of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. The address of Andrew Resnick is 2700 Bay Avenue, Miami Beach Florida 33140. 

(6) 
 Brian Kantor, the Managing Member of Kantor Family Investments, Inc.
has voting, and dispositive control of the securities held by Kantor Family Investments, Inc. and Brian Kantor, the Managing Member of
B.K. Consulting Group LLC has voting, and dispositive control of the securities held by B.K. Consulting Group LLC. The number of shares
of common stock beneficially owned by Kantor Family Investments, Inc. include (a) 50,000,000 shares of common stock held directly and
(b) 100,000,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by Kantor Family Investments, Inc, which Warrants
are subject to, as applicable, certain beneficial ownership limitations, which provide that a holder of such warrants will not have the
right to exercise any portion thereof if such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 , of the
number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. The number of shares of common stock beneficially
owned by B.K. Consulting Group LLC include (a) 100,100,000 shares of common stock held directly and (b) 200,000,000 shares of our common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by B.K. Consulting Group LLC, which Warrants are subject to, as applicable, certain
beneficial ownership limitations, which provide that a holder of such warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion thereof
if such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 , of the number of shares of common stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Mr. Kantor s address is 21290 NE 23rd Avenue, Miami Florida 33180. 

less than 1 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

45 

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with
Related Persons. 

The Board reviews
issues involving potential conflicts of interest, and reviews and approves all related party transactions, including those required to
be disclosed as a related party transaction under applicable federal securities laws. The Board has not adopted any specific
procedures for conducting reviews of potential conflicts of interest and considers each transaction in light of the specific facts and
circumstances presented. However, to the extent a potential related party transaction is presented to the Board, the Company expects that
the Board would become fully informed regarding the potential transaction and the interests of the related party and would have the opportunity
to deliberate outside of the presence of the related party. The Company expects that the Board would only approve a related party transaction
that was in the best interests of the Company, and further would seek to ensure that any completed related party transaction was on terms
no less favorable to the Company than could be obtained in a transaction with an unaffiliated third party. Other than as described below,
no transaction requiring disclosure under applicable federal securities laws occurred during fiscal year 2022 that was submitted to the
Board for approval as a related party transaction. 

Related Party Transactions 

SEC regulations define the
related person transactions that require disclosure to include any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which the amount involved
exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years in
which we were or are to be a participant and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A related
person is: (i) an executive officer, director or director nominee, (ii) a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, (iii)
an immediate family member of an executive officer, director or director nominee or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock,
or (iv) any entity that is owned or controlled by any of the foregoing persons or in which any of the foregoing persons has a substantial
ownership interest or control. 

For the period from January
1, 2022, through the date of this report (the Reporting Period ), described below are certain transactions or series of transactions
between us and certain related persons. 

Asset Contribution and Exchange Agreement 

Effective April 1, 2021, the
Company entered into a variety of contracts with CoreWeave, Inc. CoreWeave ). On April 1, 2021, CoreWeave contributed 3,130
GPU of data mining equipment with 150 gigahash of computing power to the Company in exchange for an equity interest representing 28.65 
of the outstanding pre-merger equity of TTM Digital prior to the merger transaction with Sysorex for a total value of approximately 12
million. As a result of the merger, and in consideration for the 28.65 ownership of TTM Digital. CoreWeave was issued 35,588,548 shares
of Sysorex common stock at the merger. CoreWeave was considered a related party of the Company because of its material interest in this
transaction, which was that it received the 35,588,548 shares of Sysorex common stock at the merger which at the time constituted more
than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, CoreWeave no longer holds more than 5 of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock and is no longer considered a related party. 

Lease to Buy Purchase Order 

The Company acquired 1,344
GPU data mining equipment with 125 gigahash of computing power in a lease to buy arrangement from CoreWeave. The Company agreed to total
payments of 2.2 million over 180 days subject to acceleration based on the completion of certain corporate events. Revenue generated
by operation of the equipment from April 1, 2021, shall be credited against the purchase price until payment of the balance of the purchase
price. The Company has determined that the fair value of the installment payments is 2.1 million and will record 70,000 in financing
interest costs for the aggregate 2.2 million in installment payments. The Company recognized approximately 70,000 of such interest expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. CoreWeave was considered a related party of the Company because it then held more
than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, CoreWeave no longer holds more than 5 of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock and is no longer considered a related party. CoreWeave interest in this transaction was pursuant to
the lease to buy purchase order of 2.2 million. 

46 

Hosting Facilities Services Order 

The Hosting Facility Services Order (the Hosting Contract provided for the provision of hosting facility space and services by CoreWeave. The services are paid for in advance of the service month
and the initial term of the hosting services is through June 30, 2022, which renews automatically for successive one year renewal terms
unless either party terminates within sixty (60) days of the expiration of the then current term. At the signing of the Hosting Contract
an estimated 382 data mining rigs were covered at an estimated monthly cost of approximately 21,556 260,000 per year). For the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 129,334 in mining costs within discontinued operations on the statement of operations.
The Company terminated the Hosting Facilities Services Order effective June 30, 2022. CoreWeave was considered a related party of the
Company because it then held more than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, CoreWeave no longer holds
more than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock and is no longer considered a related party. CoreWeave s
interest in this transaction was the interest in the Hosting Contract of 260,000. 

Services Agreement 

The initial term of the Services Agreement runs from April 1, 2021,
through December 31, 2022, and automatically renews thereafter for successive one (1)-year terms unless either party provides written
notice to the other of nonrenewal within sixty (60) days of the expiration of the then current Term. The initiation of the Services Agreement
required a one-time payment of 100,000. The monthly base management fee was set to 20.00 per GPU-based Mining System (approximately
 20,000 per month), and 6.50 per ASIC-based Mining System. Base management fees are paid in arrears and due within fifteen (15) days
of invoice receipt. If, during any calendar month of the Term, CoreWeave operates on average, more than 1,500 Mining Systems on behalf
of the Company, the Base Management Fee with respect to the excess Mining Systems above 1,500 is discounted by 40 . For the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 143,640 in mining costs within discontinued operations on the statement of operations.
The Company terminated the Service agreement effective June 30,2022. CoreWeave was considered a related party of the Company because it
then held more than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, CoreWeave no longer holds more than 5 of
the Company s issued and outstanding common stock and is no longer considered a related party. CoreWeave s interest in this
transaction was the payment of 143,640 under the Services Agreement. 

First Choice International
Company, Inc First Choice 

On
July 9, 2021, the Company executed an agreement whereby First Choice will provide consulting services to the Company. First Choice s
owner is a shareholder in the Company. The Company paid First Choice a fully earned flat fee of 175,000 for its services. The Agreement
shall extend for an initial period of six (6) months. Unless immediate termination is otherwise specifically permitted herein, the Company
may cancel the agreement by providing thirty (30) calendar days written notice. Notwithstanding, in the event of a Termination Notice,
all of the compensation due during the Term or any extension thereof shall be deemed fully earned and/or immediately due and payable. 

Master Services Agreement 

On April 29, 2021, the Company
entered into a Master Services Agreement with CoreWeave to provide support to management relating to cryptocurrency expertise, marketing,
and other operational matters for a three-month term. The compensation for these services is a fixed fee of 35,000 per 30-day period,
which includes 175 hours per period. The Company recorded 105,000 in service costs for the year ended December 31, 2021. Effective February
24, 2022, the master services agreement has been terminated. CoreWeave was considered a related party of the Company because it then held
more than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, CoreWeave no longer holds more than 5 of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock and is no longer considered a related party. CoreWeave s interest in this transaction was the
payment under the Master Services agreement of 105,000. 

ViewTrade
Securities, Inc. 

On February 8, 2022, the Company
entered into an Advisory Services Agreement (the Agreement with ViewTrade Securities, Inc. Advisor whereby
the Advisor will assist the Company and provide services that will contribute to the overall growth of the Company. ViewTrade and its
owner Brian Herman are shareholders in the Company. The term of the engagement is six months and may be extended by mutual agreement of
the parties. In consideration of the services, the Company paid an Advisory Fee in an amount equal to 6,000,000 restricted common shares
(the Fees) and the Fees shall be deemed fully earned upon execution of the Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded
a value of the stock of 240,000, which included 239,940 of additional paid in capital and 60 par value. 

Bespoke Growth Partners, Inc. Bespoke 

Effective July 13, 2020, the
Company entered into a consulting agreement with Bespoke. Subsequently, on January 13, 2021, the Company and Bespoke agreed to enter into
an Expansion Agreement. Pursuant to the expansion agreement, the Company issued to Bespoke 250,000 shares of restricted common stock,
of which 20,000 were earned as of the effective date of the original agreement and 230,000 which were earned as a result of the expansion
agreement. The issuance of the shares was included within the Sysorex Recapitalization shares associated with the reverse merger on April
14, 2021. Bespoke was considered a related party of the Company because Bespoke is owned by Mark Peikin and at the time Mr. Peikin held
close to 5 (4.83 at the time) of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, Mr. Peikin no longer holds close
to 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock and Mr. Peikin and Bespoke are no longer considered to be related parties.
Bespoke s interest in this transaction was that Bespoke was issued 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to
the expansion agreement. 

47 

Effective
April 1, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Bespoke. Bespoke s owner is a shareholder in the Company. In
connection with the consulting agreement, the Company agreed to issue 5,589,820 shares of common stock, of which 5,250,000 were
later exercised for pre-funded warrants, of which 5,250,000 were unexercised as of December 31, 2021. The pre-funded warrants
were subsequently exercised on January 21, 2022. The Company recognized an expense associated with the share issuance totaling approximately
 1,884,888. 

Effective as of April
15, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Bespoke. Under the terms of the consulting agreement, the Company agreed
to total compensation for services of 975,000 which of which 775,000 was paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company made
an additional payment in accordance with the agreement of 200,000 in January 2022. The Company expensed this advisory fee during the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which is recorded as consultant fees in general and administrative operating costs in the consolidated statement of operations. As of June 30, 2022, the Bespoke consulting agreement has expired. Bespoke was considered a related
party of the Company because Bespoke is owned by Mark Peikin and at the time Mr. Peikin held close to 5 (4.83 at the time) of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, Mr. Peikin no longer holds close to 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common
stock and Mr. Peikin and Bespoke are no longer considered to be related parties. Bespoke s interest in this transaction was 975,000
as compensation for services pursuant to the consulting agreement. 

Effective as of January 13, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with Bespoke. Under the terms of the consulting agreement, the Company is to pay Bespoke a gross advisory fee of 975,000 for
identifying the Ostendo acquisition and services related to the Company. On March 23, 2022, the Company paid off the balance owed for
this service. The Company expensed the advisory fee during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which is recorded as consultant
fees in general and administrative in the consolidated statement of operations. Bespoke was considered a related party
of the Company because Bespoke is owned by Mark Peikin and at the time Mr. Peikin held close to 5 (4.83 at the time) of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, Mr. Peikin no longer holds close to 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common
stock and Mr. Peikin and Bespoke are no longer considered to be related parties. Bespoke s interest in this transaction was the
 975,000 advisory fee which was compensation for services pursuant to the consulting agreement. 

Ressense LLC 

On August 4, 2021,
the Company executed a six (6) month business advisory services agreement with Ressense LLC. The services to be provided include potential
business activities including acquisition, merger and reverse merger opportunities. As compensation for the performance of services, the
Company paid and recorded 125,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The business advisory services agreement expired January 31,
2022. Ressense LLC is considered a related party of the Company because Andrew Resnick, who has controlling ownership of Ressense LLC,
holds more than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock and is accordingly considered to be a related person, and
his interest in this transaction is the compensation paid by the Company to Ressense LLC pursuant to the advisory services agreement. 

One Percent Investments, Inc. 

On June 21, 2022, the Company
executed a four (4) month business advisory services agreement with One Percent Investments, Inc. The owner of One Percent is a shareholder
in the Company. The services to be provided include potential future merger and/or acquisition activities, strategic alliances, joint
ventures, and advisory services in connection with the Company s desire to up-list to a national stock exchange. As compensation
for the performance of services, the Company paid 125,000 for the respective service period. Additional compensation in the amount
of 500,000 will be rendered in connection with the up-listing process. The Company recognized 125,000 of expense during the
year ended December 31, 2022, which is recorded as consultant fees in general and administrative operating costs in the consolidated statement
of operations. 

Style Hunter, Inc. 

On September 26, 2021, the Company acquired a 5 minority interest
in Style Hunter, Inc. Hunt ). The investment in Hunt is part of the assets that TTM Digital is exploring the possibility
of selling. The Hunt issued 613,723 shares of its common stock: par value 0.0001 per share for 0.81470 per share for a total price of
 500,000. The Company shall have a one-time option to purchase an additional 500,000 of the Common Stock Option on or
before the 360-day anniversary of Closing Date as follows: (i) if the Buyer exercises its Option prior to the 90-day anniversary of Closing
Date the per-share purchase price of the additional shares of Common Stock (the Option Price shall be 0.81470 (a 10,000,000
Company valuation), (ii) if the Buyer exercises its Option after the 90-day anniversary of Closing Date, but prior to the 180-day anniversary
of Closing Date, the Option Price will be 1.22200 (a 15,000,000 Company valuation), or (iii) if the Buyer exercises its option after
the 180-day anniversary of Closing the Option Price will be 2.03670 (a 25,000,000 Company valuation). Hunt is considered a related party
of the Company because Andrew Resnick, who has controlling ownership of Hunt, holds more than 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding
common stock and is accordingly considered to be a related person, and his interest in this transaction is the price paid to Hunt by the
Company pursuant to the Company s acquisition of a 5 minority interest in Hunt. 

48 

One Percent Investments, Inc. 

On June 21, 2022, the Company executed a four (4) month business advisory
services agreement with One Percent Investments, Inc. The services to be provided include potential future merger and/or acquisition activities,
strategic alliances, joint ventures, and advisory services in connection with the Company s desire to up-list to a national stock
exchange. As compensation for the performance of services, the Company paid 125,000 for the respective service period. Additional
compensation in the amount of 500,000 will be rendered in connection with the up-listing process. The Company recognized 125,000
of expense during twelve months ended December 31, 2022, which is recorded as consultant fees in general and administrative operating
costs in the consolidated statement of operations. One Percent Investments, Inc. was considered a related party of the Company
because One Percent Investments, Inc. is owned by Mark Peikin and at the time Mr. Peikin held close to 5 (4.83 at the time) of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock. Currently, Mr. Peikin no longer holds close to 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common
stock and Mr. Peikin and One Percent Investments, Inc. are no longer considered to be related parties. One Percent Investments, Inc. s
interest in this transaction was 125,000 compensation under the advisory services agreement. 

BK Consulting Group, LLC 

On September 24, 2021, the Company entered into a Business Advisory Consulting Agreement (the Consulting Agreement with
BK Consulting Group, LLC ("BK Consulting"). The President of BK Consulting, Brian Kantor, is a beneficial owner in the Company as disclosed
in the beneficial owner table. The Company paid BK Consulting an upfront flat fee of 300,000 with a service period term from September
24, 2021 through March 23, 2022 for consulting services. In connection with this fee, the Company expensed 160,000 through December 31,
2021 and 140,000 in 2022. In November 2021, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Consulting Agreement Amendment 1 in which the Company agreed to pay BK Consulting an additional 300,000 for consulting services, extending the service period term and
additional 3 months to June 23, 2022. The Company recorded 75,000 of this additional fee in 2021, and 225,000 in 2022 over the extended
service period. In May 2022, the Company entered into an additional term extension on the initial services provided in the Consulting
Agreement Amendment 2") through June 3, 2022, for which an additional 50,000 was paid and expensed for services provided in May
2022. During 2021, the Company expensed in total 235,000 relating to the Consulting Agreement and Amendment 1. During 2022, the Company
expensed in total 415,000 relating to the Consulting Agreement, Amendment 1 and Amendment 2. 

Omniverse, LLC 

On April 3, 2023, the Company
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Omniverse LLC Omniverse ), whereby the Company
agreed to sell to Omniverse 136,667 shares of Series C-7b Preferred Stock of Ostendo Technologies, Inc. The Agreement requires Omniverse
to pay the Company a purchase price consisting of 182,000 and other valuable consideration in the form of consulting services of approximately
 1.0 million. The Company retained 30,000 shares of the investment in Ostendo. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded 1.4
million in the Consolidated Balance sheets as equity investment in Ostendo. 

Amendments to Employment Agreements 

On August 10, 2022, the Company
entered into Amendment No. 2 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Vincent Loiacono,
the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Loiacono is considered a related party because is an executive officer of the Company
and his interest in this transaction is as set forth below in the compensation components of the following disclosure of Amendment No.
2. Pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 2, the parties amended the termination provisions of the original employment agreement, as amended.
Amendment No. 2 provides that the Company, in its sole discretion, may terminate Mr. Loiacono s employment for any reason without
Just Cause (as defined in the employment agreement, as amended) at any time. If (a) the Company terminates Mr. Loiacono s employment
without Just Cause, or (b) within 24 months following a change of control, Mr. Loiacono resigns as a result of and upon a material diminution
of his duties, responsibilities, authority, and position, or a material reduction of his compensation and benefits, or if he ceases to
hold the position of Chief Financial Officer after a change of control, the Company will, among other things: (l) continue to pay Mr.
Loiacono s base salary for one month for every two months of employment after the effective date up to a maximum of 12 months (as
opposed to six months under the original agreement, as amended); and(2) within 45 days of termination or resignation, pay to Mr. Loiacono
100 of the value of any accrued but unpaid bonus. Except as set forth in Amendment No. 2, the original employment agreement, as amended,
remains in full force and effect. 

On September 9, 2022, the
Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Employment Agreement for Wayne Wasserberg, the Company s Chief Executive Officer
(the Second Amendment ). Mr. Wasserberg is considered a related party because he is an executive officer and director of
the Company and his interest in this transaction is as set forth below in the compensation components of the following disclosure of the
Second Amendment. The Second Amendment provides a minimum bonus of 100,000 for achievement of the bonus milestone. The bonus milestone
is based upon the following: 

1. 
 The sale of all or substantially all the stock or assets of: (i) TTM Digital, or (ii) Sysorex Government Services. 

2. 
 The raising of five million dollars in financing by or before December 31, 2022, in one transaction or a series of related transactions. 

Accrued Salaries and Bonuses 

As of December 31, 2022, officers of the Company,
Zaman Khan and Vincent Loiacono deferred bonuses of 90,000 and 75,000 respectively. 

49 

ITEM
14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Friedman LLP Friedman has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since the Board s appointment on June 3, 2021. On
September 1, 2022, Friedman merged with Marcum LLP Marcum ). The following table shows the fees that were billed for the
audit and other services provided by Marcum and Friedman for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 320,099 
 587,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 
 12,000 

Audit Fees 

The 2021 audit fees
for our annual financial statements and review of our financial statements included in our Form 10Q are for services that are normally
provided by Friedman in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for that fiscal year. 

The 2022 quarterly fee for
March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 was 78,419 and paid to Friedman. The audit of our 2022 annual financial statements and September 30,
2022 quarterly service fees of 253,680 billed to us, are provided by Marcum in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
for that fiscal year. 

Pre-approval
Policies and Procedures 

On October 31, 2022, our audit committee chair (Mr. Stilley) resigned
his position with the Company. Currently, we do not have a separately designated standing audit committee. Prior to Mr. Stilley s
resignation, the Audit Committee was required to review and approve in advance the retention of the independent auditors for the performance
of all audits and lawfully permitted non-audit services and the fees for such services. The full Board now performs this function. Prior
to Mr. Stilley s resignation, the Audit Committee could delegate to one or more of its members the authority to grant pre-approvals
for the performance of non-audit services, and any such Audit Committee member who pre-approves a non-audit service was required to report
the pre-approval to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee is required to periodically notify the
Board of their approvals. The required pre-approval policies and procedures were complied with during 2021 and 2022. 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

15(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

The
financial statements filed as part of this report are listed and indexed in the table of contents. Financial statement schedules have
been omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information has been included elsewhere in this report. 

15(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

Not
applicable as a smaller reporting company. 

50 

15(a)(3)
Exhibits 

The
exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits. The Company
has identified in the Exhibit Index each management contract and compensation plan filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form
10-K in response to Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Inpixon USA and Sysorex, Inc., dated as of July 25, 2018 
 
 12G/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 2.1 
 
 August
 13, 2018 

2.2 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement dated August 7, 2018, between Inpixon and Sysorex, Inc. 
 
 12G/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 2.2 
 
 August 13, 2018 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 8, 2021, by and among Sysorex, Inc., TTM Acquisition Corp., and TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 April 14, 2021 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Sysorex, Inc. 
 
 10-12G/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 13, 2018 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, effective as of July 30, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 3.1 
 
 July 29, 2019 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Merger pursuant to NRS Chapter 92A between Inpixon USA and Sysorex, Inc. 
 
 10-12G/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 3.2.1 
 
 August 13, 2018 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment dated September 22, 2022. 
 
 S-1 

3.4 
 
 November 17, 2022 

3.5 
 
 By-Laws of Sysorex, Inc. 
 
 10-12G/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 3.2.2 
 
 August 13, 2018 

4.1 
 
 Form of Sysorex, Inc. s common stock certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-228992 
 
 4.1 
 
 December 21, 2018 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 4.5 
 
 March 31, 2020 

4.3 
 
 Form of Prefunded Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 4.1 
 
 June 1, 2021 

4.4 
 
 Voting Rights Plan dated September 6, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 4.1 
 
 September 6, 2022 

10.1 
 
 Trademark License Agreement dated August 31, 2018, between Sysorex, Inc. and Sysorex Consulting, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.8 
 
 September 4, 2018 

10.2 
 
 Sysorex, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and form of option award agreement 
 
 10-12G/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 4.1 
 
 August 13, 2018 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 31, 2018, between Sysorex, Inc. and Sysorex Government Services, Inc. and Zaman Khan 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.10 
 
 September 4, 2018 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 31, 2018, between Sysorex, Inc. and Sysorex Government Services, Inc. and Vincent Loiacono 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.11 
 
 September 4, 2018 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 10-12G/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.8 
 
 August 13, 2018 

10.6 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 31, 2018, issued to Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 4.1 
 
 December 31, 2018 

10.7 
 
 Note Extension, dated as of November 11, 2019, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.3 
 
 November 12, 2019 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 2, 2020 

10.9 
 
 PPP Promissory Note, dated as of May 3, 2020, between Wells Fargo SBA Lending and Inpixon Federal 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-55924 
 
 4.2 
 
 May 13, 2020 

10.10 
 
 Convertible Note Extension, date as of April 23, 2020, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Chicago Venture Partners, LLP. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.5 
 
 May 13, 2020 

10.11 
 
 Non-recourse Factoring and Security Agreement, dated June 19, 12020 by and between Sysorex, Inc. and SouthStar Financial LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 June 25, 2020 

10.12 
 
 Promissory Note Assignment and Assumption, dated June 30, 2020, by and between Sysorex, Inc. with Inpixon and Systat Software, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 6, 2020 

10.13 
 
 Convertible Note Extension, dated as of October 29, 2020, by and between Sysorex, Inc and Chicago Venture Partners, LLP 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 November 6, 2020 

51 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed or 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 10.14 
 
 Waiver Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 28, 2021 

10.15 
 
 Amendment to Employment, dated March 4, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Vincent Loiacono 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.28 
 
 March 29, 2021 

10.16 
 
 Waiver Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 15, 2021 

10.17 
 
 Commercial Loan Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2021, between Sysorex, Inc. and Quantum Lexicon 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 17, 2021 

10.18 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2021, by and among Sysorex, Inc., Systat Software, Inc., and First Choice International Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 25, 2021 

10.19 
 
 Commercial Loan Agreement and Promissory Note, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and First Choice International Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 April 6, 2021 

10.20 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and First Choice International Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.2 
 
 April 6, 2021 

10.21 
 
 Securities Settlement Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Inpixon. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.2 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.22 
 
 Right to Shares Letter Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Inpixon. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.3 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.23 
 
 Securities Settlement Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Systat Software, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.4 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.24 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.5 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.25 
 
 Securities Settlement Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and First Choice International Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.6 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.26 
 
 Right to Shares Letter Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and First Choice International Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.7 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Trademark License Agreement by and between Sysorex, Inc. Sysorex Government Services, Inc., and Sysorex Consulting, Inc., dated April 14, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.8 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.28 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Nadir Ali. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.9 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.29 
 
 Form of Securities Subscription Agreement dated April 14, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.10 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.30 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated April 14, 2021, by and among Sysorex, Inc. and the parties to the Securities Subscription Agreement and certain other parties. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.11 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.31 
 
 Commercial Loan Agreement and related documents dated April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and First Choice International Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.12 
 
 April 14, 2021 

10.32 
 
 Employment Agreement dated May 7, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Wayne Wasserberg. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 May 13, 2021 

52 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed or 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 10.33 
 
 PPP Loan Forgiveness Letter, dated as of April 2, 2021 
 
 10-Q/A 
 
 000-55924 
 
 4.2 
 
 May 18, 2021 

10.34 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 June 1, 2021 

10.35 
 
 First Amendment to Sysorex, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.36 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, effective as of July 20, 2021, by and among the Company, TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc., and Wayne Wasserberg 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.2 
 
 July 26, 2021 

10.37 
 
 Board of Directors Agreement by and between the Company and William B. Stilley, III dated September 3, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 September 10, 2021 

10.38 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, between BWP Holdings LLC and Down South Hosting, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 November 8, 2021 

10.39 
 
 Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2022, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Tech Data Corporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 13, 2022 

10.40 
 
 Heads of Terms, dated March 24, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 99.1 
 
 March 30, 2022 

10.41 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Heads of Terms, dated June 10, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 99.2 
 
 June 22, 2022 

10.42 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Heads of Terms, dated June 30, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 99.3 
 
 July 7, 2022 

10.43 
 
 Amendment No. 2, dated as of August 10, 2022, to Employment Agreement by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Vincent Loiacono. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 August 15, 2022 

10.44 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement, dated October 17, 2022, by and between the registrant and Joseph Gunnar Co., LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 October 19, 2022 

10.45 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022, by and among the registrant and each of the each of the investors signatories thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.2 
 
 October 19, 2022 

10.46 
 
 Form of Warrant 1. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.3 
 
 October 19, 2022 

10.47 
 
 Form of Warrant 2. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.4 
 
 October 19, 2022 

10.48 
 
 Form of Warrant 3. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.5 
 
 October 19, 2022 

10.49 
 
 Initial Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022, by and among the registrant and each of the persons signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.6 
 
 October 19, 2022 

10.50 
 
 Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022, by and among the registrant and each of the persons signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.7 
 
 October 19, 2022 

10.51 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement with Wayne Wasserberg dated September 9, 2022. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268446 
 
 10.59 
 
 November 17, 2022 

10.52 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 3, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-55924 
 
 10.1 
 
 April 7, 2023 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268446 
 
 14.1 
 
 November 17, 2022 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-268446 
 
 21.1 
 
 November 17, 2022 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Friedman LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

Management contract, compensation plan or arrangement 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: June 13, 2023 
 SYSOREX, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Vincent Loiacono 

Vincent Loiacono 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Wayne Wasserberg 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 June 13, 2023 
 
 Wayne Wasserberg 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Vincent Loiacono 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June 13, 2023 
 
 Vincent Loiacono 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Zaman Khan 
 
 Director 
 
 June 13, 2023
 
 Zaman Khan 

54 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_sysorexinc.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statements of Sysorex, Inc. on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-230904 and 333-227639) and Form S-1 (No. 333-268446) of our report
dated June 13, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Sysorex, Inc. as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sysorex, Inc for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
report includes explanatory paragraphs as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, and an emphasis of matter paragraph
regarding the risks and uncertainties related to the Company s digital asset activities. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 New York, New York 

 June 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-2_sysorexinc.htm
 CONSENT OF FRIEDMAN LLP

Exhibit 23.2 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements of Sysorex, Inc. on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-230904 and 333-227639) and Form S-1 (No. 333-268446) of our
report dated April 14, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Sysorex, Inc. as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2021, except for the effects of the restatement discussed in Note 1A, Note 8 and Note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements, as to which the date is May 23, 2022. The report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sysorex,
Inc for the year ended December 31, 2022. The report includes explanatory paragraphs as to the Restatement of previously issued
financial statements, the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, and an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding the
risks and uncertainties related to the Company s digital asset activities. We were not engaged to audit, review or apply any
procedures to retroactively apply the effects of the reclassification of the balances of certain assets from their historical
presentation to assets held for sale and certain operations from continuing to discontinued, as described in Note 3, accordingly, we
do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly
applied. Those adjustments were audited by Marcum LLP. 

We resigned as auditors on October 3, 2022, and,
accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements for the periods after the date
of our resignation. 

/s/ Friedman llp 

Friedman llp 

 New York, New York 

 June 13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_sysorexinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Wayne Wasserberg, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sysorex, Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 13, 2023 

/s/ Wayne Wasserberg 

Wayne Wasserberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_sysorexinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Vincent Loiacono, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sysorex, Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
 fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
 in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
 as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
 and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
 and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
 by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
 of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our
 most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of
 the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
 and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 13, 2023 

/s/ Vincent Loiacono 

Vincent Loiacono 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_sysorexinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the annual report of Sysorex,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), we, Wayne Wasserberg, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Vincent Loiacono, Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title
18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of our knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
 or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
June 13, 2023 

/s/ Wayne Wasserberg 

Wayne Wasserberg 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Vincent Loiacono

Vincent Loiacono 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sysx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sysx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sysx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sysx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sysx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

