<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1822886_0001493152-23-012138.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4029500</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197505</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>725300</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1160920</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>838646</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1014675</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012138.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413161539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012138
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HHG Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001822886
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40820
		FILM NUMBER:		23818527

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 COMMONWEALTH LANE
		STREET 2:		#03-20, SINGAPORE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			149544
		BUSINESS PHONE:		65 66591335

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 COMMONWEALTH LANE
		STREET 2:		#03-20, SINGAPORE
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			149544

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012138.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: + 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 , one Redeemable Warrant entitling the holder to purchase three-fourths (3/4) of an
 Ordinary Share, and one Right to acquire one-tenth of an Ordinary Share 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

At
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was
 . 

As
of April 13, 2023, the Registrant had 
 ordinary shares outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

HHG
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

part I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 12 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 12 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 12 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 12 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 12 

part II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 13 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 14 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 14 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 18 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 18 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 18 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 18 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 19 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 19 

part III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 20 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 23 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 24 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 24 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 27 

part IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 28 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

References
to the Company, HHGC, our, us or we refer to HHG Capital Corporation,
a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on July 15, 2020. References to our Sponsor refer to Mr.
Hooy Kok Wai. References to our IPO or the Initial Public Offering refer to the initial public offering of
HHG Capital Corporation, which closed on September 23, 2021. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our
 initial business combination; 

success in retaining or
 recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors
 allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
 business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain
 additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target
 businesses; 

the ability of our officers
 and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control
 if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity
 and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for
 our securities; 

use of proceeds not held
 in the trust account or available to us from dividend on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following
 our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections
are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

part
I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Introduction 

HHG
Capital Corporation is a British Virgin Islands exempted company incorporated on July 15, 2020 as a blank check company for the purpose
of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination, with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular
industry or geographic location. However, we shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal
business operations in China (including Hong Kong). As of the date of this report, we have not selected any target business for our initial
business combination. 

We
believe that our management team is well positioned to identify attractive risk-adjusted returns in the marketplace and that our contacts
and transaction sources, ranging from industry executives, private owners, private equity funds, and investment bankers, in addition
to the geographical reach of our affiliates, will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities. Our management team has significant
experience in engaging in cross-border business in Asia, Europe, and the U.S., and understands the cultural, business and economic differences
and opportunities that will allow us to negotiate a transaction. 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company consummated the initial public offering of 5,750,000 units (the Units ), which includes
the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option of 750,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share Ordinary
Share ), one redeemable warrant Warrant entitling its holder to purchase three-fourths (3/4) of one Ordinary Share
at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial
business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 57,500,000. 

On
September 23, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the private placement Private Placement with Hooy Kok Wai, of 255,000 units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds
of 2,550,000. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO. Additionally, because the Private Units were issued in a private transaction, the initial purchasers
and their permitted transferees will be allowed to exercise the warrants included in the Private Units for cash even if a registration
statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants is not effective and receive unregistered ordinary shares.
Additionally, such initial purchasers agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except
in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until the completion of the Company s initial business combination.
Such Initial Purchasers were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private
Units. 

A
total of 58,075,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the over-allotment option Units) and the private
placements on September 23, 2021 were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders
at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee (the Trust Account ).
None of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than dividend to pay any tax obligations, until
the earlier of the completion of an initial business combination within the required time period or our entry into liquidation if we
have not completed a business combination in the required time period. On November 11, 2021, our ordinary shares, warrants and rights
underlying the Units sold in our IPO began to trade separately on a voluntary basis. 

1 

Extensions
of Time Period to Complete a Business Combination 

On
September 19, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the
 Charter Amendment ), giving the Company the right to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination
(the Business Combination Period up to twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time, from September 23,
2022 up to September 23, 2023. Additionally, the Charter Amendment also allowed the holders of the ordinary shares issued in the IPO
(the Public Shares to redeem the shares when the Directors of the Company propose any amendment to the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and article of association that would affect the substance or timing of the redemption of the Public
Shares. Accordingly, on September 19, 2022, 2,393,594 Public Shares were redeemed for the pro-rata share of the deposits then in the
Trust Account, amounting to 24,274,780. The Company has extended the Business Combination Period on September 21, 2022, October 31,
2022, November 28, 2022, December 21, 2022, January 20, 2023, February 21, 2023 and March 21, 2023, by depositing 0.0333 for each issued
and outstanding Public Share that shareholders have not waived rights to receive any portion of any extension payment deposited by the
Company in connection with its monthly extension starting from September 23, 2022 until April 23, 2023. 

Competitive
strengths 

Our
management team is led by Mr. Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok who has over two decades of combined operational, deal-making and commercial experience.
Our mission is to unlock value for our shareholders by identifying an acquisition target in any sector with potential to grow. Given
the diversified experience of our management team, we believe we have significant resources to identify, diligence, and structure transactions
that would benefit all shareholders. We could also get deal sources from our Sponsor, or affiliates of our Sponsor. Our competitive strengths
include the following: 

Deep
Experience of Operating Partners 

We
believe that our ability to leverage the experience of the management team, which comprises executives of different companies across
multiple sectors and industries, will provide us a distinct advantage in being able to source, evaluate and consummate an attractive
transaction. 

Proprietary
Sourcing Channels and Leading Industry Relationships 

We
believe the capabilities and connections associated with our management team, in combination with our Sponsor and our strategic and operating
partners, will provide us with a differentiated pipeline of acquisition opportunities. We expect these sourcing capabilities will be
further bolstered by our reputation and deep industry relationships. 

Track
Record of Investment Experience 

We
believe that our management s track record of identifying and sourcing transactions positions us well to appropriately evaluate
potential business combinations and select one that will be well received by the public markets. 

2 

Execution
and Deal Structuring Capability 

Our
combined expertise and reputation will allow us to source and complete transactions possessing structural attributes that create an attractive
investment thesis. These types of transactions are typically complex and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous
due diligence, and extensive negotiations and documentation. We believe that by focusing our investment activities on these types of
transactions, we are able to generate investment opportunities that have attractive risk/reward profiles based on their valuations and
structural characteristics. 

Status
as a Publicly Listed Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed
company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering. We believe that target businesses
will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial
public offering. During an initial public offering, there are typically expenses incurred in marketing, which would be costlier than
a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders (if applicable) and
the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering
from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with shareholders interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits
by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs. 

Competitive
Weaknesses 

We
believe our competitive weaknesses to be the following: 

Limited
Financial Resources 

Our
financial reserves will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of venture capital firms, leveraged buyout firms and operating
businesses competing for acquisitions. In addition, our financial resources could be reduced because of our obligation to redeem shares
held by our public shareholders as well as any tender offer we conduct. 

Lack
of experience with blank check companies 

Our
management team is not experienced in pursuing business combinations on behalf of blank check companies. Other blank check companies
may be sponsored and managed by individuals with prior experience in completing business combinations between blank check companies and
target businesses. Our managements lack of experience may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. 

Limited
technical and human resources 

As
a blank check company, we have limited technical and human resources. Many venture capital funds, leveraged buyout firms and operating
businesses possess greater technical and human resources than we do and thus we may be at a disadvantage when competing with them for
target businesses. 

Delay
associated with shareholder approval or tender offer 

We
may be required to seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination. If we are not required to obtain shareholder approval
of an initial business combination, we will allow our shareholders to sell their shares to us pursuant to a tender offer. Both seeking
shareholder approval and conducting a tender offer will delay the consummation of our initial business combination. Other companies competing
with us for acquisition opportunities may not be subject to similar requirement, or may be able to satisfy such requirements more quickly
than we can. As a result, we may be at a disadvantage in competing for these opportunities. 

3 

Effecting
an Acquisition Transaction 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business until we complete a business combination.
We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placements, our capital stock, debt or a combination of
these in effecting our initial business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placements
are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination, the proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any
more specific purposes. Accordingly, investors in the IPO were investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific
merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. Our initial business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger
with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares.
In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be in its early stages of development or
growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the
ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
believe based on our management s business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous business combination candidates.
We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment
bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial
community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through
calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested in an unsolicited
basis, since many of these sources will have known what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as
their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts
as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. We may engage
professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions or mergers in the future, in which event we may pay
a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of
the transaction. In no event, however, will our insiders or any of the members of our management team be paid any finder s fee,
consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). If we decide to enter into a business combination with a target
business that is affiliated with our officers, directors or initial shareholders, we will do so only if we have obtained an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point
of view. As of the date of this report, there are no affiliated entities that we would consider as a business combination target. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

Subject
to our management team s fiduciary duties and the limitation that one or more target businesses have an aggregate fair market value
of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriter s fees and taxes payable on the income
earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described
below in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business.
Additionally, there is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business
combination. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. 

4 

Accordingly,
there is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete
a business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with an entity in its early stage of development or
growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
and operations of early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target
business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and
 results of operation; 

growth potential; 

experience and skill of
 management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

stage of development of
 the products, processes or services; 

degree of current or potential
 market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary aspects of
 products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

regulatory environment
 of the industry; and 

costs associated with effecting
 the business combination. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Our management may not consider any of the above criteria in evaluating a prospective target
business. The retention of our officers and directors following the completion of any business combination will not be a material consideration
in our evaluation of a prospective target business. 

Any
evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as
well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available
to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although
we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

5 

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination remain
to be determined. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a
business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise
complete a business combination. 

Fair
Market Value of Target Business 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq listing rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriter s fees and taxes
payable on the income earned on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80 test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for our initial business combination, although we may structure a business combination with one or more target businesses whose fair
market value significantly exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to
satisfy the 80 test. 

We
currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses.
We may, however, structure a business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 
of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders
or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued
for purposes of the 80 test. In order to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities
to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. The
fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the
financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently
determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment
banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to
acquire, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to
acquire Valuation Firms ), as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target
business complies with the 80 threshold. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors or insiders and are therefore required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view, we may ask that a Valuation
Firm to opine on whether the target business met the 80 fair market value test. Nevertheless, we are not required to do so and could
determine not to do so without consent of our shareholders. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

Our
business combination must be with a target business or businesses that collectively satisfy the minimum valuation standard at the time
of such acquisition, as discussed above, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses.
Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business
operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple
industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or
benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single
entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative
 economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
 industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination, and 

result in our dependency
 upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products,
 processes or services. 

6 

If
we determine to simultaneously consummate our initial business combination with several businesses and such businesses are owned by different
sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings
of the other combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With
a business combination with several businesses, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the target companies in a single operating business. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management Team 

Although
we intend to scrutinize the management team of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination, our assessment of the target business management team may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future
management team may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role
of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following our initial business combination remains to be determined. While
it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following our
initial business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business
combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination
if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would
take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the
form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining
factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors
may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholder
Approval of Business Combination 

In
connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at
a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
(net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender
offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to redeem any public shares held by them into
their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such
tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro
rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the
timing of the transaction, whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval or whether we
were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require us to conduct a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval
under SEC rules). If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow
our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers.
In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination
only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority
of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

7 

We
chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities
Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital
closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial
business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may
be required to have a lesser number of shares redeemed or sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be
available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we
may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. 

Our
initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination, (2) not to redeem any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business
combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

None
of our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase Units or Ordinary Shares
from persons in the open market or in private transactions (other than the Private Units). However, if we hold a meeting to approve a
proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed
business combination, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market
or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders
and their affiliates will not make purchases of Ordinary Shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

Conversion
/Tender Rights 

At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed,
pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account. The redemption rights will be effected under our third amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and British Virgin Islands law as redemptions. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination,
a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business combination and not seek conversion of his shares. 

Alternatively,
if we engage in a tender offer, each public shareholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his public shares to us in such tender
offer. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum
amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer
or remain an investor in our company. 

Our
initial shareholders, officers and directors will not have redemption rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly
or indirectly, whether acquired prior to the IPO, in the IPO or in the aftermarket. 

8 

We
may also require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust
Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the
business combination. Once the shares are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under British Virgin Islands law, the
transfer agent will then update our Register of Members to reflect all conversions The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish
to shareholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders
to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the
vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. Under our third amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any shareholder
meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a shareholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. As a
result, if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the
funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice
and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their redemption rights and may be forced
to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC
System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this
cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise
redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such
delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise redemption rights to deliver their shares
prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result
in an increased cost to shareholders. 

Any
request to convert or tender such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination
or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered his certificate in connection with an election
of their conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender
offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
conversion or tender rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In
such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

Automatic
Liquidation if No Business Combination 

If
we do not complete a business combination by April 23, 2023 (or up to September 23, 2023 if we choose to extend such period)
from the consummation of the IPO, it will trigger our automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of our
third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As a result, this has the same effect as if we had formally gone
through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Act. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our shareholders to
commence such a voluntary winding up, dissolution and liquidation. Alternatively or in the event that there is an unsuccessful
effort to obtain shareholder approval for the proposed extensions, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to
consummate a business combination by an additional one month each time for a total of up to 24 months after the consummation of the
IPO to complete a business combination). In this situation, public shareholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or
redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. Pursuant to the terms of our third amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and the amended trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company,
LLC, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our insiders or their affiliates
or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account for each one month
extension 0.0333 for each issued and outstanding Public Share that shareholders have not waived rights to receive any portion of
any extension payment deposited by the Company in connection with its extension starting from September 23, 2022, on or prior to the
date of the applicable deadline. In the event the balance of the funds in the Company s operating account, excluding Trust
Account minimum requirement, falls below 100,000, the insiders will contribute to the Company as a loan for extension payment upon
five (5) days advance notice prior to the applicable deadlines. The insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured
promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit made by the insiders that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable
to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid
upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation of our
business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the
private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the
consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the
applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing the deposit of funds
promptly after such funds are deposited into the trust account. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to
fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all,
of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their
affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination
within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our
outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any
dividend earned on the funds held in the trust account and not necessary to pay our taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve.
However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of
our public shareholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire and will be
worthless. 

9 

The
amount in the trust account (less approximately 336 representing the aggregate nominal par value of the shares of our public shareholders)
under the Companies Act will be treated as share premium which is distributable under the Companies Act provided that immediately following
the date on which the proposed distribution is proposed to be made, we are able to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. If we are forced to liquidate the trust account, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount
in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest). Prior
to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts
they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts
that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such,
our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful
payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek to have all vendors and service providers (which
would include any third parties we engaged to assist us in any way in connection with our search for a target business) and prospective
target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies
held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such
entities execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such
agreements are legally enforceable. 

Each
of our initial shareholders and our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of our trust account or
other assets with respect to the insider shares and private units and to vote their insider shares, private shares in favor of any dissolution
and plan of distribution which we submit to a vote of shareholders. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect
to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless. 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share distribution
from the trust account would be 10.10. 

The
proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to the claims
of our public shareholders. Although we will seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed, prospective target businesses
or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including but not limited
to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
If any third party refused to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, we would perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to us if we chose not to engage such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest
of our shareholders if such third party refused to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party
that refused to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event, our management would perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management
believed that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any
negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. 

Our
Sponsor has agreed that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to
pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted
for or products sold to us in excess of the net proceeds of the IPO not held in the trust account, but only to the extent necessary to
ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only if such parties have not executed a waiver
agreement. However, we cannot assure you that he will be able to satisfy those obligations if he is required to do so. Accordingly, the
actual per-share distribution could be less than 10.10 due to claims of creditors. Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy
case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return to our public shareholders at least 10.10 per share. 

10 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous
potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable
target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The
following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek
 shareholder approval of a business combination or obtain the necessary financial information to be sent to shareholders in connection
 with such business combination may delay or prevent the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to redeem
 public shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; 

NASDAQ may require us to
 file a new listing application and meet its initial listing requirements to maintain the listing of our securities following a business
 combination; 

our outstanding warrants,
 rights and the potential future dilution they represent; 

our obligation to pay the
 deferred underwriting discounts and commissions to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC upon consummation of our initial
 business combination; 

our obligation to either
 repay or issue units upon conversion of up to 500,000 of working capital loans that may be made to us by our initial shareholders,
 officers, directors or their affiliates; 

our obligation to register
 the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued to our initial
 shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and 

the impact on the target
 business assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving
 us prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Any
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes,
however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive
advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth
potential on favorable terms. 

If
we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target
business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Facilities 

We
maintain our principal executive offices at 1 Commonwealth Lane, #03-20, Singapore, 149544. The cost for this space is provided to us
by Ms. Leung Po Yi, as part of the 10,000 per month payment we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

11 

Employees 

We
have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to
devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based
on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company
is in. Accordingly, once management locates a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target
business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior
to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe
is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business
to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). We do not intend
to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item. For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained
in our registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-252885) filed in connection with our IPO. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices
at 1 Commonwealth Lane, #03-20, Singapore, 149544. The cost for this space is provided to us by Ms. Leung Po Yi, as part of the 10,000
per month payment we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

12 

part
II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol HHGCU on September 23, 2021. The ordinary
shares, warrants and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on November 11, 2021, under the symbols HHGC ,
 HHGCW and HHGCR , respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of April 13, 2023, there were 5,083,406 of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by 164 shareholders of record. The number of record
holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary shares whose shares
are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board
of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate
declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate
declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 5,750,000 Units, which includes the full exercise of the over-allotment option.
Each Unit consists of one ordinary share Ordinary Share ), one redeemable warrant and one right. Each redeemable warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase three-fourths (3/4) of one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and each ten
Rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one Ordinary Share at the closing of a business combination. The Units were sold at an offering
price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 57,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated
a Private Placement of 255,000 units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,550,000. A total of 58,075,000
of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the over-allotment option units) and the Private Placements were placed
in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. 

As
of December 31, 2022, a total of 34,344,102 was held in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders,
which included 58,075,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO (including the exercise of the over-allotment option) and the Private Placements,
 507,561 of subsequent dividend, 36,321 of business combination extension fee and offset by 24,274,780 of 2,393,594 Public Shares
redemption 

As of December 31, 2021, a total of 58,076,283 was held in a trust account
established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders, which included 58,075,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO (including
the exercise of the over-allotment option) and the Private Placements, 960 of subsequent interest income and 324 of gross unrealized
holding gain. 

The
private units are identical to the units sold in the IPO except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised
on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Additionally, because
the Private Units were issued in a private transaction, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees will be allowed to exercise the warrants
included in the Private Units for cash even if a registration statement covering the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants
is not effective and receive unregistered Ordinary Shares. Additionally, our Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the
Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree
to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider shares must agree to, each as described above) until the
completion of the Company s initial business combination. The Sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights
in connection with the Private Units. 

13 

As of December 31, 2021, we paid approximately 226,411 for other costs
and expenses related to our IPO, and a total of 805,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, not including the
deferred underwriting commissions which should equal to the greater of (x) 575,000 or (y) 4.5 (or 0.5 if such funds are introduced
by our sponsor or management) of the cash remaining in the trust account plus 0.5 of the cash redeemed from the trust account upon the
Company s completion of the initial business combination, subject to a maximum amount of 1,615,000 payable at the consummation
of business combination. 

For
additional information on the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On
September 19, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the Charter Amendment, giving the Company the right to extend the date by
which it has to complete a business combination up to twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time, from September 23,
2022 up to September 23, 2023. Additionally, the Charter Amendment also allowed the holders of the Public Shares to redeem the shares
when the Directors of the Company propose any amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and article of association
that would affect the substance or timing of the redemption of the Public Shares. Accordingly, on September 19, 2022, 2,393,594 Public
Shares were redeemed for the pro-rata share of the deposits then in the Trust Account (the Redemption ). A total amount
of 24,274,780 was paid to the redeemed shareholders in connection with the Redemption. 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on July 15, 2020 with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders
have no liability, as shareholders of the Company, for the liabilities of the Company over and above the amount paid for their shares)
to serve as a vehicle to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to
a particular industry or geographic location. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, our
securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting a business combination. 

A
resolution was passed on September 20, 2021 at the Company s Annual General Meeting to amend the Company s investment
management trust agreement by and between the Company and the Trustee, to extend the date on which to commence liquidating the Trust
Account established in connection with the Company s IPO twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from
September 23, 2022 to September 23, 2023 by depositing into the trust account 0.0155 for each Public Share that has not been
redeemed (or an aggregate of 88,867 if there are no redemptions) (the Extension Payment for each one-month extension
in the event the Company has not consummated a business combination by the Extended Termination Date. The Company has extended the
amount of available time to complete a business combination until April 23,
2023. 

14 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity from inception up to September 23, 2021 was in preparation for the initial public offering. Since the initial public
offering, our activity has been limited to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating
revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect
our expenses to increase substantially after this period. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 46,734, which was comprised of interest income from our cash in bank and
dividend income earned in investments held in Trust Account of 507,209 and general and administrative expenses of
 553,943. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 140,520, which was comprised of interest income from our cash in bank and
dividend income earned in investments held in Trust Account of 1,039, sundry income of 168 and general and administrative expenses
of 141,727. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 328,869. Until the consummation of the initial public offering, the Company s only source
of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the initial shareholders, monies loaned by the related party under an unsecured
promissory note . 

On
September 19, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved an amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Charter
Amendment ), giving the Company the right to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination up to twelve (12)
times for an additional one (1) month each time, from September 23, 2022 up to September 23, 2023. We do not believe
we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. This belief is based on
the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend
to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated
and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of our initial business combination. However, if
our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to use from the trust account is minimal as a result of the current interest
rate environment, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable.
In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but
such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. In the event that the business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts,
but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes
would either be paid upon consummation of our business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 500,000
of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional Private Units at a price of 10.00 per unit.
The terms of such loans by our initial shareholders, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. 

Additionally, the Charter Amendment also allowed the holders of the Public
Shares to redeem the shares when the Directors of the Company propose any amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and article of association that would affect the substance or timing of the redemption of the Public Shares. Accordingly, on September
19, 2022, 2,393,594 Public Shares were redeemed for the pro-rata share of the deposits then in the Trust Account. 

On
September 23, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering of 5,000,000 Public Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross
proceeds of 50,000,000. Simultaneously, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased additional 750,000
units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 7,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering,
we consummated the sale of 237,000 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,370,000. 

Following
the initial public offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option, a total of 58,075,000 was placed in the trust account. We
incurred 1,031,411 in initial public offering related costs, including 805,000 of underwriting fees and 226,411 of initial public
offering costs. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the initial public offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to
acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole
or in part as consideration to effect our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account, as well as any other
net proceeds not expended, will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds
could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions
and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses
or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our business combination if the funds available to us outside
of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

15 

We
intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete a business combination. 

Along with the Company s amendment to the amended and restated memorandum
and article of association, the Company entered into an amendment (the Trust Amendment to the investment management trust
agreement, dated as of September 19, 2021, with American Stock Transfer Trust Company. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company
has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from September
23, 2022, up to September 23, 2023, by depositing 0.033 for each issued and outstanding Public Shares for each one-month extension, excluding
Public Shares hold by the Anchor Shareholders. On each of September 21, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 28, 2022, December 21, 2022,
January 20, 2023, February 21, 2023 and March 21, 2023, the Company had been deposited 9,080 into the Trust Account in order to extend
the amount of available time to complete a business combination until April 23, 2023. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company incurred net loss of 46,734 and had negative cash provided by operating activities of 534,228. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had cash of 328,869 with working capital deficit of 148,587. We may need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from its Sponsor or third parties. 

Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required
to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will
be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of these financial statements if a Business Combination is not consummated.
These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern in accordance with the authoritative guidance in ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about
an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has concluded that the Company has incurred significant
operating losses and determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to raise additional
funds to meet its obligations and complete a Business Combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The Company has until April 23, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will
be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date without an extension
to the acquisition period, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 23, 2023. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the
Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time
from September 23, 2022, to September 23, 2023, by depositing 0.015 5 for each issued and outstanding
Company ordinary share issued in the IPO for each one-month extension. 

Off-balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred
to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or
commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

16 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement
to pay our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative
services to the Company. We began incurring these fees on October 1, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier
of the completion of the business combination and the Company s liquidation. Also, we are committed to the below: 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the insider shares, the Private Units (and their underlying securities) and the warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of any working capital loans (and their underlying securities) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed on September 20, 2021. The holders of a majority of these securities will be entitled to make up to two demands that
the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights
at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a
majority of the Private Units and warrants issued in payment of any working capital loans made to the Company (or underlying securities)
can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a business combination. In addition, the holders
will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion
of a business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The underwriters
were entitled to an underwriting fee of 3.2 of the gross proceeds from offering to the maximum of 1,615,000. A total of 805,000 was
paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. At the closing of any Business Combination, the Underwriters will receive a cash
payment equal to the greater of: (i) 575,000 or (ii) a fee equal to 4.5 (or 0.5 with respect to investors in the Offering introduced
to the Underwriters by the Company s sponsor, or Company s management, subject to a total maximum underwriting fee of 1,615,000. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has
identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrants 

The
Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives
and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant
to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity
classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the warrant
holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other
conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant
issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of equity at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants
are required to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

As
the warrants issued upon the IPO and private placements meet the criteria for equity classification under ASC 480, therefore, the warrants
are classified as equity. 

17 

Ordinary
Shares Subject To Possible Redemption 

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares
(including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times,
ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s ordinary shares issued upon the consummation of the
IPO and the exercise of the over-allotment option feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s
control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders (deficit) equity section of the Company s balance
sheets. 

The
Company has made a policy election in accordance with ASC 480-10-S99-3A and recognizes changes in redemption value in additional
paid-in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero over an expected 12-month period leading up to a
business combination. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded 9,425,784 and 2,947,334 accretion of carrying value
to redemption value, respectively. 

Net
income (loss) per share 

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net
income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed
income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable common stock and non-redeemable common stock and the undistributed income (loss) is
calculated using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss)
ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share. Any
remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the ordinary share subject to possible redemption was considered to be
dividends paid to the public shareholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not considered the effect of the
warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the
warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and the
Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into
common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic
(income) loss per share for the period presented. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting
for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for
convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current U.S. GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement
conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted
earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact
the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. There are no other ASUs being adopted. 

Other than the above, there are no other recently issued accounting standards
which are applicable to the Company. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
 DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Dismissal of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Based
on information provided by Friedman LLP Friedman ), the independent registered public accounting firm of HHG Capital Corporation
(the Company ), effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate
as an independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm through September 16, 2022. On September 16, 2022, the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company dismissed
Friedman and engaged Marcum to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022. The services previously provided by Friedman are now be provided by Marcum. 

Friedman s
report on the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Audit Report did not contain
an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles,
except that the Audit Report contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through September 16, 2022, there were no disagreements with Friedman
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, from the time of
Friedman s engagement up to the date of termination which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would
have caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on the Company s
financial statements. Also during this time, there were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K. 

The
Company provided Friedman with a copy of the above disclosures and requested that Friedman provide the Company with a letter addressed
to the SEC stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made above. A copy of Friedman s letter dated September 21, 2022
was furnished as Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on September 21, 2022. 

Appointment
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
September 16, 2022, the Company engaged Marcum as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and through the subsequent interim period on or prior
to the appointment of Marcum, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted with Marcum regarding (i) the application of
accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that Marcum concluded
was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue,
or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and
the related instructions, or a reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting related to a lack of accounting staff with appropriate knowledge of U.S. GAAP and SEC
reporting. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included
in this Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, result of operations and cash flows of the periods
presented. Following the identification of the material weakness, we plan to continue to take remedial measures including but not limited
to hiring more qualified accounting personnel with relevant U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience and qualifications to strengthen the
financial reporting function. As of December 31, 2022, our board of directors has approved the adoption of the Financial and Accounting
Policy and Procedure Manual which outlines the objective and procedures of the internal controls over financing closing and reporting
processes. 

18 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of our company, 

(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weakness described above. For additional information, see Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting
firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the matter disclosed above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING
 FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

19 

part
III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok 
 
 49 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Shuk Man (Lora) Chan 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Kym Hau 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Siang Yong Chew 
 
 48 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Weiyi Di 
 
 52 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting 
 
 40 
 
 Independent Director 

Below
is a summary of the business experience of each of our executive officers and directors: 

Chee
Shiong (Keith) Kok. Mr. Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok has been our director and Chief Executive Officer since June 2021. Mr. Kok has
over two decades of experience in finance, mergers acquisitions, risk management, business strategy integrations, divestitures,
and hands-on operational expertise with extensive government and business network, particularly in Asia. Since September 2019, Mr. Kok
has been serving as the director and the chief executive officer of EPL Exhibition Sdn. Bhd., an exhibition organizer. From June 2017
to August 2019, Mr. Kok served as the chief finance officer of EN Projects Sdn. Bhd., a company engaged in managing government related
aerospace and maritime exhibitions and was recognized as the Best International Exhibition organizer for LIMA by the then Malaysia Prime
Minister in 2019. From January 2013 to March 2017, Mr. Kok served as the head transaction banking corporate banking, and subsequently,
the head business banking of Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia. During Mr. Kok s time with Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia, he
led the bank to win the Best Cash Management Deal for Corporate Banking within Standard Chartered Bank worldwide in 2014, Best Liquidity
Management Deal in Malaysia in 2015 by Asset Triple A and won best Top SME supporter in Malaysia with CGC (Credit Guarantee Corporation)
in 2016. From August 2007 to January 2013, Mr. Kok served as the regional head transaction banking for the Asian Oceania region
(excluding North Asia) of Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi-UFJ Ltd (Singapore Branch) BTMU ). During Mr. Kok s time with
BTMU, he assisted the International Enterprise Singapore, a division of Singapore Government to develop government guarantee scheme (SPRING)
to assist the small and medium enterprises during the Global Financial Crisis in 2008. Mr. Kok was also instrumental in developing the
Global Transaction Banking Division in BTMU and led BTMU to be the first bank in the world to conclude electronic Letter of Credit (LC)
Discounting and the first bank in Singapore to deal with processing electronic LC. From January 2007 to August 2007, Mr. Kok served as
the vice president in the trade division of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation, a banking corporation. From December 2005
to January 2007, Mr. Kok served as the assistant vice president of Citibank Berhad in Malaysia, a banking corporation. From 2002 to 2005,
Mr. Kok was engaged in his own consultancy business and worked in various local Malaysian companies. From 1996 to 2002, Mr. Kok served
in various positions in corporate banking division at Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia. Mr. Kok received a bachelor s of science
degree in banking and finance from University of London in 1995. Mr. Kok also obtained ICC Certificate of Achievement Upskill 600 and
M5 Rules Regulations For Financial Advisory Services, in 2007 and 2008, respectively. 

20 

Shuk
Man (Lora) Chan. Ms. Shuk Man (Lora) Chan has been our Chief Financial Officer since June 2021. Ms. Chan has been serving as
the company secretary and the authorized representative of China Tontine Wines Group Limited (HKG.0389), a company engaged in the wine
business in the PRC, since January 2021. From June 2016 to May 2020, Ms. Chan served as an investment director and then subsequently
became the company secretary and the authorized representative of Evershine Group Holdings Limited (HKG.8022), a company principally
engaged in the trading business, cemetery business, property development and investment, mobile application business and also provision
of money lending business. From May 2001 to May 2015, Ms. Chan was providing audit, assurance and consultancy services at UHY Vocation
HK CPA Limited with her last position as a senior director. From 1995 to 2001, Ms. Chan was engaged in a family business in Thailand
where she was responsible for providing investment analysis. From 1994 to 1995, Ms. Chan served as a senior officer of Merchant and Corporate
Banking Unit of Credit Department at Generale Belgian Bank Hong Kong, a subsidiary of Generale Bank, Belgium. From 1993 to 1994, Ms.
Chan served as a credit analyst at Dai-Ichi Kangyo Limited, the Hong Kong Branch, a subsidiary of Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Japan. Ms. Chan
received a bachelor s degree of business administration in accounting from The Coventry University, United Kingdom and a MBA degree
(major in banking) from The University of Stirling, United Kingdom in 1991 and 1992, respectively. Ms. Chan is a fellow member of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong,
a Chartered Tax Adviser (Hong Kong) and a member of American Institute of CPAs (International Associate). 

Kym
Hau. Ms. Kym Hau has been our director since June 2021. Since 2014, Ms. Hau has been working at Messrs. Wan Yeung Hau Co.,
Solicitors, a law firm. Ms. Hau joined Messrs. Wan Yeung Hau Co., Solicitors in June 2014 where she served as a legal consultant
and was then promoted to a partner in June 2015. Since November 2020, Ms. Hau has been a legal consultant of Messrs. Wan Yeung Hau 
Co., Solicitors . Since March 2019, Ms. Hau has been a director of Grey Bear Capital Limited, a company engaged in the provision of general
consulting services. Ms. Hau received a bachelor s degree in Laws and a Postgraduate Certificate in Laws from The City University
of Hong Kong in 2003 and 2004, respectively. 

Siang
Yong Chew. Mr. Chew has been our independent director since April 14, 2022. Mr. Chew graduated in Banking Financial Management
from Nanyang Polytechnic Singapore in 1996 with Robert Kuok Foundation Outstanding Student Award. Upon graduation, Mr. Chew served as
an executive at Refco Singapore, a global commodity trading company. From Singapore, he then moved to Societe Generale in Hong Kong in
2009 as the Head of Institutional Sales. From 2012, he has served as the Director of China Merchants Securities International Co Ltd
in Hong Kong. China Merchants Securities is a subsidiary of China Merchants Group, a China SOE (State Owned Enterprise). The group is
involved in banking, logistics, and commodities trading. Mr. Chew oversees the Global Commodities Division within the China Merchants
Securities. Mr. Chew is a savvy in commodities trading such as gold, silver, platinum, palladium, iron ore, petroleum products, and many
other mineral resources. 

Weiyi
Di. Mr. Weiyi Di has been our independent director since June 2021. Since June 2019, Mr. Di has been the director and the chief
executive officer of Polo Lubricants Company Limited, a company engaged in producing engine oils. Since 2002, Mr. Di has been the chief
executive officer of Luroda Lubricants Wuxi Co., Ltd, a company engaged in the research and development, manufacturing, and distribution
of lubricants. From 1994 to 2004, Mr. Di served as the sales manager and was subsequently promoted as the managing director of Wuxi Jiangnan
Refinery Co., Ltd, a company engaged in oil refinery. Mr. Di obtained his master s degree in executive master of business administration
from Tsinghua University in 2010. 

Tzu
Fei (Philip) Ting. Mr. Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting has been our independent director since June 2021. Since September 2010, he has
been the founding partner of Philip Ting Kwan law firm with specific focus on fund advisory, property, technology and renewable
energy sectors. Since November 2020, Mr. Ting has been a director of Tableapp Sdn. Bhd., a company engaged in the online reservation
of high end restaurants in Malaysia. Mr. Ting is also a founding partner of FunNow Sdn. Bhd., an application software products company,
which was founded in Malaysia in July 2018. Since October 2015, Mr. Ting has been a managing director at Clearbrook Global Advisers LLC,
a global investment advisory company, which advises on strategic fund raising opportunities in Asia. Since May 2009, Mr. Ting has been
a director of Solarcorp Sdn. Bhd., a company engaged in the generation and sale of solar energy in Malaysia. From October 2006 to August
2007, Mr. Ting completed his pupillage at Skrine, a law firm. From November 2007 to September 2008, Mr. Ting served as a paralegal at
Allen Overy (Hong Kong), a law firm. From October 2008 to January 2009, Mr. Ting served as a registered foreign lawyer at Richards
Butler in association with Reed Smith (Hong Kong). Mr. Ting obtained a bachelor s degree in Laws from The University of Nottingham,
United Kingdom and a master s degree in law and accounting from The London School of Economics, United Kingdom in 2003 and 2005,
respectively. Mr. Ting was called to the Bar in the United Kingdom, Malaysia and United States in 2004, 2007 and 2008, respectively.
Mr. Ting passed the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA, Level 1) in 2006. 

21 

We
believe with their vast experience and complementary skillsets, our officers and directors are well qualified to serve as members of
our board. 

Our
directors and officers will play a key role in identifying, evaluating, and selecting target businesses, and structuring, negotiating
and consummating our initial acquisition transaction. Except as described below and under Conflicts of Interest, 
none of these individuals is currently a principal of or affiliated with a public company or blank check company that executed a business
plan similar to our business plan. We believe that the skills and experience of these individuals, their collective access to acquisition
opportunities and ideas, their contacts, and their transaction expertise should enable them to identify successfully and effect an acquisition
transaction, although we cannot assure you that they will, in fact, be able to do so. 

Board
Committees 

The
Board has a standing audit, nominating and compensation committee. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each audit
committee and compensation committee has a charter. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, monitors the independence of the independent
auditor, reviews and discusses with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending
to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K, discusses with management and the independent
auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; discusses
with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; verifies the rotation of the lead (or coordinates) audit partner
having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law, reviews and
approves all related-party transactions, inquires and discusses with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
pre-approves all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms
of the services to be performed; appoints or replaces the independent auditor; determines the compensation and oversight of the work
of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial
reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishes procedures for the receipt, retention
and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues
regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and approves reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in
identifying potential target businesses. 

The
members of the Audit Committee are Siang Yong Chew, Weiyi Di and Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting, each of whom is an independent director under
NASDAQ s listing standards. Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting is the chairperson of the audit committee. The Board has determined that both
Fei (Philip) Ting qualify as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating
Committee 

The
Nominating Committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our Board. Specifically, the
Nominating Committee responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. On an annual
basis, the Nominating Committee recommends for approval by the Board certain desired qualifications and characteristics for board membership.
Additionally, the Nominating Committee establishes and administers a periodic assessment procedure relating to the performance of the
Board as a whole and its individual members. The Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management
and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the
Board. The Nominating Committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific
board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and
diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

22 

The
members of the Nominating Committee are Siang Yong Chew, Weiyi Di and Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting, each of whom is an independent director
under NASDAQ s listing standards. Siang Yong Chew is the chairperson of the Nominating Committee. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee reviews annually the Company s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation,
evaluates the officers performance in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation
level based on this evaluation; reviews and approves the compensation of all of our other executive officers; reviews our executive compensation
policies and plans; implements and administers our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assists management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approves all special perquisites, special cash payments and other
special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive
compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviews, evaluates and recommends changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration
for directors. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it may deem appropriate
in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations of the Compensation
Committee with respect to his compensation. The Company s executive officers do not play a role in suggesting their own salaries.
Neither the Company nor the Compensation Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in determining or recommending
the amount or form of executive or director compensation. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of
an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
members of the Compensation Committee are Siang Yong Chew, Weiyi Di and Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting, each of whom is an independent director
under NASDAQ s listing standards. Weiyi Di is the chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers, and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket
expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee,
which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

23 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each person who
is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and
directors, and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group as of April 13, 2023. As of April 13, 2023, we had 5,083,406 ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of April 13, 2023 and the
rights are not convertible within 60 days of April 13, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount
 and 
 Nature
 of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership
 of 
 Ordinary 
 Shares 

Approximate 
 Percentage
 of 
 Outstanding 
 Ordinary 
 Shares 

Hooy
 Kok Wai 

3,614,500 

71.1 

Chee
 Shiong (Keith) Kok 

160,000 

3.15 

Shuk
 Man (Lora) Chan 

80,000 

1.57 

Kym
 Hau 

5,000 

Siang
 Yong Chew 

0 

Weiyi
 Di 

5,000 

Tzu
 Fei (Philip) Ting 

5,000 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 

255,000 

5.02 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated,
 the business address of each of the individuals is c/o HHG Capital Corporation, 1 Commonwealth Lane, #03-20, Singapore, 149544. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In
July 2020, 10,000 insider shares were issued to our initial subscriber of the Company. In November 2020, the initial subscriber transferred
the insider shares that it holds to HHG Investment Fund SPC HHG Capital Fund SP HHG Fund , and the Company further
issued 1,240,000 insider shares to HHG Fund and Forever Happiness Limited FHL ). In February 2021, the Company further
allotted 187,500 insider shares to HHG Fund, resulting in an aggregate of 1,437,500 ordinary shares outstanding, for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000, or approximately 0.017 per share. In May 2021, HHG, FHL and all other shareholders transferred an aggregate of 1,437,500
insider shares to Expert Capital Investments Limited, who in turn transferred all 1,437,500 insider shares to Mr. Hooy Kok Wai (the Sponsor in June 2021. At the end of June 2021, our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 255,000 ordinary shares to the directors. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement with certain of its initial shareholders of 255,000 units
at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,550,000. 

24 

In
February 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note of 500,000 (the Promissory Note) to a related party, HHG Investment Fund
SPC HHG Capital Fund SP HHG Fund ), which was a majority owner of the Company. The promissory note is unsecured,
interest-free and repayable on February 16, 2022. The Company has repaid 400,000 and 100,000 to HHG Fund on April 20, 2021 and September
30, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal amount due and owing under the Promissory Note was 0 and 0,
respectively. 

In
order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of the IPO until completion of an initial business combination, our
initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at
any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes
would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up
to 500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit
(which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 50,000 ordinary shares, warrants to purchase 37,500 ordinary
shares and rights to receive 5,000 ordinary shares if 500,000 of notes were so converted). Our shareholders have approved the issuance
of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time
of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out
of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. 

The
holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the date of the IPO, as well as the holders of the private units (and all
underlying securities) and any securities our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment
of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to offering registration rights agreement. The
holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the
majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date
on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units or securities issued in
payment of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business
combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

We
will reimburse our officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain
activities on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit
on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available
proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would
not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements
and payments made to any initial shareholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements
and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director
abstaining from such review and approval. 

25 

The
Sponsor and the Chief Executive Officer have paid the expenses incurred by the Company in aggregate of 150,000 on a non-interest bearing
basis as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed an aggregate balance of 150,000 and 30,450
to our Sponsor and our Chief Executive Officer, respectively. 

The
Company is obligated to pay Ms. Leung Po Yi a monthly fee of 10,000 for general and administrative services. However, pursuant
to the terms of such agreement, the Company may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by the Company s audit committee
that the Company lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with the initial business
combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any
compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors (to the extent we have
any) or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our
attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent 
directors (or, if there are no independent directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related
Party Policy 

Our
Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts
of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined
as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or
any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater
than 5 beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has
or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial
owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family,
receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

26 

We
also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that
elicits information about related party transactions. 

Our
audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent
we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective
affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions
will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members
of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent
legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent 
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect
to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete
a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated
with any of our initial shareholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination
is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers,
directors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see
above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
 FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum and Friedman LLP Friedman ), for
services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of our year-end financial
statements and services that are normally provided by the chosen registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees billed by Friedman for professional services rendered for the audit of our 2021 annual financial
statements and review of our quarterly financial statements totaled approximately 20,000, and the aggregate fees billed by Marcum
for professional services rendered for the audit of our 2022 annual financial statements and review of our quarterly financial
statements totaled approximately 51,805. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at
audit committee meetings and professional services rendered in connection with the IPO. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Friedman or Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Friedman or Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Friedman or Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

27 

part
IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Financial Statements: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) 
 All supplemental schedules
 have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or they are not required
 or are not applicable 

(3) 
 See attached Exhibit Index
 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between the Registrant, EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

3.1 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 22, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 23, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

4.7 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

28 

10.4 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, among the Registrant, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, among the Registrant, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Administrative Service Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Ms. Leung Po Yi. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, dated September 20, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 23, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated as of September 20, 2022, with American Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 22, 2022) 

10.10 
 
 Letter agreement (the Letter Agreement with Golden Eagle Brokerage Limited dated August 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 24, 2022) 

14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2021) 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Friedman LLP regarding the change in the Registrant s certifying accountant, dated September 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 21, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HHG CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Dated: April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok 

Name: 
 Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April
 13, 2023 
 
 Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok 
 
 (Principal executive officer) and Director 

/s/
 Shuk Man (Lora) Chan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer

April
 13, 2023 
 
 Shuk Man (Lora) Chan 
 
 (Principal financial and accounting officer) and Director 

/s/
 Kym Hau 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 13, 2023 
 
 Kym Hau 

/s/
 Siang Yong Chew 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 13, 2023 
 
 Siang Yong Chew 

/s/
 Weiyi Di 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 13, 2023 
 
 Weiyi Di 

/s/
 Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 13, 2023 
 
 Tzu Fei (Philip) Ting 

30 

HHG
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Friedman LLP (PCAOB ID: 
 F-3 

Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 HHG
Capital Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of HHG Capital Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related
statements of comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 , and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1, the Company has incurred significant operating losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain
its operation. Additionally, if a business combination is not consummated by April 23, 2023 (or by September 23, 2023 if such business
combination period is further extended), there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP
by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

April
13, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of HHG Capital Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of HHG Capital Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements
of comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
served as the Company s auditor from 2020 through 2022. 

March
3, 2022 

F- 3 

HHG
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepayment 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accrual and other payable 

Amount due to a related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders (deficit) equity: 

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Other comprehensive income 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders (deficit) equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

HHG
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Other income: 

Dividend income earned in investments held in Trust Account 

Interest income 

Sundry income 
 - 

Total other income 

NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 

Reclassification of realized gain on available-for-sale securities, net to net income 
 
 - 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable ordinary share 

Basic and diluted net loss per non-redeemable ordinary share 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

HHG
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total shareholders equity 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Unrealized holding gain on available-for-sales securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclassification of realized gain on available-for-sale securities, net to net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total shareholders 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 deficit 
 equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

- 

Balance, value 

- 

Founder shares issued 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sale of units in initial public offering 

- 
 - 

Sale of units to the founder in private placement 

- 
 - 

Representative share 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Unrealized holding gain on available-for-sales securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

HHG
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Dividend income earned in investments income held in Trust Account 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Increase in prepayment 

Increase in accrual and other payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Withdraw of investments in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds deposited in Trust Account 

Net cash provided
 by/(used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from public offering 
 - 

Common stock redemption 

Proceeds from private placements to a related party 
 - 

Advance from (payments to) a related party 

Proceed from promissory note 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note 
 - 

Payment of offering costs 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 7 

HHG
CAPITAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ordinary units (the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 4. 

Simultaneously,
the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full. The underwriters purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment
Units at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units at a price of per Private Unit in a private placement, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 5.
On September 23, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the over-allotment units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional
 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of . 

Transaction
costs paid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering amounted to , consisting of of underwriter s
fees and of other offering costs. 

Trust
Account 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the closing of the private placement, 
was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account with American Stock Trust Company, LLC acting as trustee. The funds
held in the Trust Account can be invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes, having a maturity of 180 days or
less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act until the earlier
of (i) the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company s failure to consummate a Business
Combination within the Combination Period as described below. Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third
party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities it engages, execute agreements with the Company waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust
Account, there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account)
may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative
expenses. Additionally, the dividend earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company to pay the Company s tax
obligations. On September 21, 2022, upon the Company s shareholders approval of the Charted Amendment, shares were redeemed
by certain shareholders at a price of approximately per share, including dividend generated in the Trust Account, in an aggregate
amount of . On December 1, 2022, the aggregate amount adjusted to . 

Business
Combination 

. The Company currently anticipates structuring a Business Combination to acquire
 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. 

The
Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares obtained in the Initial
Public Offering Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder
meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The shareholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially 
per share, plus any pro rata dividend earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 4). There will be no redemption rights upon the
completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants and rights. The ordinary shares subject to redemption
was initially recorded at its fair value at the date of issuance and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such
redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents
containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The
Company s initial shareholders (the initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote their insider shares, the ordinary
shares included in the Private Units (the Private Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public
Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company s Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would stop the public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to
the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 
of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) unless
the Company provides dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares into the right to receive cash
from the Trust Account in connection with any such vote; (c) not to convert any insider shares and Private Units (including underlying
securities) (as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering) into the right to receive cash from
the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or sell any shares in a tender offer in connection
with a Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
relating to shareholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the insider shares and Private Units (including
underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated.
However, the initial shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares
purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. . 

On
August 17, 2022, The Company has reached an agreement (the Waiver Agreement with the Sponsor, who is its largest public
shareholder, and with certain other holders of Public Shares (the Anchor Shareholders and who, as of August 17, 2022,
together own Public Shares, which represent of all outstanding Ordinary Shares that are owned by its public shareholders.
Pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the Anchor Shareholders have agreed to waive their pro rata share of all Extension Payments made into
the Trust Account after the date hereof. As a result, each monthly Extension Payment (of if there are no redemptions) that is
paid into the trust account would be segregated so that only the Company s public shareholders who have not redeemed their Shares,
excluding the Anchor Shareholders, would receive their pro rata share of each such monthly extension payment (in addition to their pro
rata share of amounts then in the Trust Account) upon redemption or upon the liquidation of the Company as provided in its amended charter
after giving effect to the Charter Amendment (as described below). The Waiver Agreement also provides that the Anchor Shareholders will
agree not to sell or otherwise transfer any of their Shares (subject to customary exceptions for transfers to certain family members
and other affiliates) other than in connection with a redemption of their Shares in the event that the Company is forced to dissolve
or liquidate. The terms of the Waiver Agreement, when taken together with the Charter Amendment and the Trust Amendment, would place
all of its shareholders (other than the Anchor Shareholders) in the same financial position that they would have been if each monthly
extension payment was equal to one-third of the payment for each three-month extension provided for under its previous charter. 

On
September 19, 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved an amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Charter
Amendment ), giving the Company the right to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination up to twelve (12)
times for an additional one (1) month each time, from September 23, 2022 up to September 23, 2023. Additionally, the Charter Amendment
also allowed the holders of the Public Shares to redeem the shares when the Directors of the Company propose any amendment to the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and article of association that would affect the substance or timing of the redemption of the Public
Shares. Accordingly, on September 19, 2022, Public Shares were redeemed for the pro-rata share of the deposits then in the
Trust Account. 

Along
with the Company s amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and article of association, the Company entered into an
amendment (the Trust Amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated as of September 19, 2021, with
American Stock Transfer Trust Company. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the time to
complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from September 23, 2022, up to September
23, 2023, by depositing 
for each issued and outstanding Public Shares for each one-month extension, excluding Public Shares hold by the Anchor Shareholders.
On each of September 21, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 28, 2022, December 21, 2022, January 20, 2023, February 21, 2023 and March
21, 2023, the Company had deposited 
into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available time to complete a business
combination until April 23, 2023 . 

Liquidation 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of
the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including dividend earned (net of taxes payable), which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors,
proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred
underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the
redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available
for distribution will be less than as initially deposited in the Trust Account. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amounts in the Trust Account to below per share (whether or not the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised
in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and
except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to
claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity
and going concern 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred net loss of 
and had negative cash generated from operating activities of .
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 
and working capital of .
Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel
expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The
Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor or third parties as discussed
in Note 6. 

Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required
to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will
be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of these financial statements if a Business Combination is not consummated.
These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern in accordance with the authoritative guidance in ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has concluded that the
Company has incurred significant operating losses and determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should
the Company be unable to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and complete a Business Combination, raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has until April 23, 2023 to consummate a
Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by this date without an extension to the acquisition period, there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be
required to liquidate after April 23, 2023. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the time to
complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from September 23, 2022, to September
23, 2023, by depositing 
for each issued and outstanding Company ordinary share issued in the IPO for each one-month extension. 

Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain
additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction,
and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one
year from the date of these financial statements if a Business Combination is not consummated. These consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which
is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

t have any cash equivalents as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of equity at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants
are required to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of comprehensive loss. 

As
the warrants issued upon the IPO and private placements meet the criteria for equity classification under ASC 480, therefore, the warrants
are classified as equity. 

and 
accretion of carrying value to redemption value, respectively. 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company is considered to be an exempted British Virgin Islands Company, and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing
requirements in the British Virgin Islands or the United States. 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

- 
 - 

December 31, 
 Quoted Prices In Active Markets 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 Significant Other Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Description 
 2022 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

U.S. Treasury Securities held in Trust Account 

- 
 - 

in United States Treasury Bills.
As of December 31, 2021, investment securities in the Company s Trust Account consisted of in United States Treasury
Bills. The Company classifies its United States Treasury securities as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale marketable securities are
recorded at their estimated fair value on the accompanying December 31, 2022 and 2021 balance sheets. The carrying value, including gross
unrealized holding gain and fair value of available-for-sale marketable securities on December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

- 

Cost as of December 31, 2021 
 Gross Unrealized 
 Holding Gain 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Available-for-sale marketable securities: 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 U.S. Treasury Securities 

- 
 
 Gross proceeds from IPO 
 - 

Plus: 

Dividend income earned in Trust Account 

Business combination extension fee 
 
 - 
 
 Gross unrealized holding gain 

Reclassification of realized gain on available-for-sale securities, net to net income 
 
 - 
 
 Less: 

Share redemption during the year 
 
 - 

Balance carried forward 

Public Units at a price of per Unit. Simultaneously, the Company sold an additional
 units to cover over-allotments. Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share, one right Public Right and one
redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). per whole share . The Company will not issue fractional shares upon the exercise of the Public Warrant
or the conversion of the Public Right. 

The
Company paid an upfront underwriting discount of , equal to of the gross offering proceeds to the underwriter at the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, with an additional fee of (the Deferred Underwriting Discount ). The Deferred
Underwriting Discount will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company
completes its Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not close the Business Combination, the underwriter has waived
its right to receive the Deferred Underwriting Discount. The underwriter is not entitled to any interest accrued on the Deferred Underwriting
Discount. 

Besides
the upfront underwriting discount of and the Deferred Underwriting Discount of , the Company also incurred other offering
expenses of . The Company allocates offering costs totaled between Public Shares, Public Warrants and Public Rights
based on the estimated fair value of each at the date of issuance. Accordingly, offering cost was allocated to Public Shares,
 offering cost was allocated to Public Warrants and Public Rights. 

As
a result of the aforementioned allocation, upon the completion of the IPO, is allocated to the ordinary shares included in
the Public Units and recorded as temporary equity and is allocated to the Public Warrants and Public Rights and is recorded
as part of the additional paid-in capital. 

units (the Private Units at a price of per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of .
 per
share . The Company will not issue fractional shares upon the exercise of the Public Warrant or the conversion of the Public Right. 

The
Private Units are identical to the units sold in the Initial Public Offering except with certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. 

founder shares to the initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase price of . 

In
November 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of additional founder shares to the initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase
price of . 

In
February 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of additional founder shares to the initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase
price of . These shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised
in full or in part. As the over-allotment option was exercised in full in the IPO, none of these shares were forfeited. 

Advances
from a Related Party 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a temporary advance of and , respectively, from a related party for the
payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering and administrative expense. The balances are unsecured, interest-free and has no
fixed terms of repayment. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

The
Company is obligated, commencing from the date of the consummation of the offering, to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of for general
and administrative services. This agreement will terminate upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or the liquidation
of the trust account to public shareholders. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and 
expenses, respectively, in connection with the execution of the administrative service agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had unpaid administrative service monthly fee of and , respectively, which are recorded as amount due to a related
party in the respective balance sheets. 

Public Units and raised gross
proceeds of . Refer to Note 4 for details. Simultaneously, the Company completed a private placement and issued an aggregate
of Private Units and raised gross proceeds of . Refer to Note 5 for details. 

Ordinary
shares 

The
Company is authorized to issue ordinary shares at par . Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled
to one vote for each share. 

Rights 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the required time period and the Company redeems the Public Shares for
the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire
worthless. 

Warrants 

The
Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration
statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary
shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public
Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is
an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise
their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination,
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant: 

at any time while the Public
 Warrants are exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days 
 prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder, 

if, and only if, the reported
 last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period
 ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

if, and only if, there
 is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying such warrants at the
 time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of
 redemption. 

The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering. The Private Warrants
(including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

If
the Company calls the warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the warrants
to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares
at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account,
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the
Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Company assessed the key terms applicable to the Public Warrants as well as the Private Warrants and classified the Public Warrants and
Private Warrants as equity in accordance with ASC 480 and ASC 815. 

shares were redeemed by certain shareholders at a price of approximately 
per share, including dividend generated in the Trust Account, in an aggregate amount of .
On December 1, 2022, the aggregate amount adjusted to .
Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
and 
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders (deficit) equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Share issued classified as equity 

Share redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Ordinary shares, subject to possible redemption 

of the outstanding Public Shares for amount then on deposit in the Trust Account. Furthermore, the ordinary shares included
in the units offered in the IPO provide the holder redemption upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation.
These risks and uncertainties also impact the Company s future financial positions, results of its operations. Please refer to
Note 1 for detail discussion of these risks and uncertainties. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the insider shares, the Private Units (and their underlying securities) and the warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of the Working Capital Loans (and their underlying securities) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed on September 20, 2021. The holders of a majority of these securities will be entitled to make up to two demands that
the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights
at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a
majority of the Private Units and warrants issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (or underlying securities)
can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders
will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion
of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The underwriters
were entitled to an underwriting fee of of the gross proceeds from offering to the maximum of . A total of was
paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. At the closing of any Business Combination, the Underwriters will receive a cash
payment equal to the greater of: (i) or (ii) a fee equal to (or with respect to investors in the Offering introduced
to the Underwriters by the Company s sponsor, or Company s management, subject to a total maximum underwriting fee of . 

into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available
time to complete a business combination until February 23, 2023. 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company had been deposited into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available
time to complete a business combination until March 23, 2023. 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company had been deposited into the Trust Account in order to extend the amount of available
time to complete a business combination until April 23, 2023. 

F- 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HHG Capital Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 

/s/
 Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok 

Chee
 Shiong (Keith) Kok 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Shuk Man (Lora) Chan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HHG Capital Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 

/s/
 Shuk Man (Lora) Chan 

Shuk
 Man (Lora) Chan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of HHG Capital Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and
on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date:
 April 13, 2023 

/s/
 Chee Shiong (Keith) Kok 

Chee
 Shiong (Keith) Kok 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 executive officer) 

Date:
April 13, 2023 

/s/
 Shuk Man (Lora) Chan 

Shuk
 Man (Lora) Chan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hhgc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hhgc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hhgc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hhgc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

