<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1799332_0001493152-23-012201.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17594367</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>387710</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>10547589</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2635730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1675847</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2133362</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012201.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414060936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012201
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GAN Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001799332
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39274
		FILM NUMBER:		23819629

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 SPECTRUM CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 1900
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-964-5777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 SPECTRUM CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 1900
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012201.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Not
 Applicable 
 
 (State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
pursuant to under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, based
on last sale price as reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market on that date, was approximately million. 

At
March 22, 2023, there were ordinary shares outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

. 

GAN
LIMITED 

 2022
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 33 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 33 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 33 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 33 
 
 PART
 II 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 47 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 49 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 79 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 79 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 81 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 81 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 82 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 82 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 82 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 82 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 82 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 83 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 84 

SIGNATURES 
 
 85 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Except
as otherwise required by the context, references to GAN, GAN Limited, the Company, 
 we, us and our are to GAN Limited, a Bermuda exempted company
limited by shares, and its subsidiaries. References to Coolbet are to Vincent Group p.l.c., a Malta public
limited company and its subsidiaries, which was acquired by GAN Limited on January 1, 2021. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that reflect
our current expectations and views of future events. These forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as may, 
 will, expect, should, anticipate, aim, estimate, 
 intend, plan, believe, is/are likely to or other similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements include, among other things, statements relating to our goals and strategies, our competitive strengths, our expectations
and targets for our results of operations, our business prospects and our expansion strategy. We have based these forward-looking statements
largely on current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking
statement, we caution you that these statements are based on our projections of the future that are subject to known and unknown risks
and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity or performance expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements, to differ. 

The
forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about our Company. Our actual results of operations may
differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of risk factors described under Item 1A. Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, among other things: 

our
 ability to generate and sustain profitability in light of the incurrence of net losses and negative cash flows; 

our
 ability to successfully develop, market or sell new products or adopt new technology platforms; 

risks
 related to competition; 

our
 ability to manage the substantial variability in our business operations and forecast our financial results in light of such variability; 

risks
 related to our customer contracts, pursuant to which our revenues fluctuate with the use of our products or services; 

risks
 related to our historical reliance on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenues; 

our
 ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our consummated acquisitions or investments in other companies, including our acquisition
 of Coolbet in January 2021; 

risks
 related to the continued uncertainty in the global financial markets and unfavorable global economic conditions, including as a result
 of the global outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic; 

our
 ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

risks
 related to the heavily regulated online gaming industry; 

our
 ability to maintain good relations with our channel partners; 

risks
 associated with our international operations and fluctuations in currency values; 

risks
 related to unanticipated performance problems or bugs in our software product offerings; and 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. 

The
foregoing factors should not be construed as an exhaustive list and should be read in conjunction with other cautionary statements that
are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as the items set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors. If one or more
events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results
may differ materially from what we anticipate. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment and new risk factors emerge from time
to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statement. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or
persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date on which it is made. We do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise, unless the securities laws require us to do so. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

GAN
Limited is an exempted holding company organized in Bermuda and through its subsidiaries, consists of two lines of business. We are
a business-to-business B2B supplier of enterprise Software-as-a-Service SaaS solutions for online
casino gaming, commonly referred to as iGaming, and online sports betting applications. Beginning with our acquisition of Coolbet in
January 2021, we are also a business-to-consumer B2C developer and operator of an online sports betting and casino
platform, which offers individuals located in select markets in Northern Europe, Latin America and Canada access to a digital portal
for engaging in sports betting, online casino games and poker. 

In
our B2B segment, we feature our technology platform, which we market as the GameSTACK internet gaming platform GameSTACK ).
The B2B segment develops, markets and sells instances of GameSTACK, GAN Sports, and iSight Back Office technology that incorporates comprehensive
player registration, account funding and back-office accounting and management tools that enable casino operators to efficiently, confidently
and effectively extend their online presence. GAN Sports, our newest product offering following the acquisition of Coolbet, launched
in September 2022 and aims to provide a best-in-class B2B sports betting product in the U.S. and Canada through self-service kiosks on-premises
at land-based casinos as well as mobile versions. Our GameSTACK platform and related support services are geared towards casino operators,
with an emphasis on land-based commercial and tribal casinos in the United States, although we have deployed our platform in other geographies,
such as the United Kingdom, Italy, Australia, and Canada. We also market our platform to gaming partners, such as online sportsbooks
and gaming content developers, who provide us with an indirect channel into casino operators. This segment is primarily focused on enabling
the U.S. casino industry s ongoing digital transformation, which is accelerating following the repeal of a federal ban on sports
betting in May 2018. Our customers rely on our platform to run their online casinos and sportsbooks legally, profitably and with engaging
content. GameSTACK and GAN Sports enables us to offer a turnkey technology solution for regulated real money internet gambling real
money iGaming or RMiG ), online sports betting, as well as simulated gaming or SIM ). 

In
our B2C segment, we operate a B2C casino and sports betting platform doing business as Coolbet that is accessible for
gambling through the website www.coolbet.com in markets across Northern Europe, Latin America and Canada with over 1.2 million
registered customers as of December 31, 2022. Coolbet holds gambling licenses in Estonia, Malta, Sweden, Canada, and Mexico. The
majority of Coolbet s website traffic comes from mobile customers and each region features customized interfaces with
localized product offerings and local language support teams. In 2022, our B2C revenue was generated from online casino games,
online sports betting and online peer-to-peer poker, which comprised 54 , 43 and 3 of total revenue, respectively. B2C revenue increased 11.3 from 78.6 million in 2021 to 87.5 million in
2022. In addition to providing complementary technology to our B2B segment, we believe our B2C segment provides diversification of
revenue streams and growth opportunities in international markets. 

Corporate
History 

We
were an early pioneer of online gaming. We commenced operations in 2002 in the United Kingdom and first generated revenue in December
2002. Our initial product allowed end user residents of the United Kingdom to create an online account, deposit money into that account
and to compete against each other online in competitions of skill. We offered online games of skill to residents of the United Kingdom
under the operation of the United Kingdom s applicable legislation, the Lotteries Amusements Act 1976 (s.14), which permitted
competitions of skill. 

Beginning
in 2004, we secured our first major customers in the United Kingdom and subsequently launched our first real money casino gambling games
through a license procured from the United Kingdom Gambling Commission following the passage of the Gambling Act 2005 which permitted
companies in the United Kingdom to develop software intended for enabling internet gambling. In 2008 we began securing our first major
customers in Italy and deployed our technology platform in Rome, Italy and served internet gaming content to several major Italian operators
of regulated internet sports betting and gaming. 

In
2010, we released the first version of our GameSTACK enterprise software platform for our first platform customer to launch a new internet
gambling business in Europe as a complement to existing retail bingo gaming business, and following the launch of an internet casino
for a casino operator customer operating on the GameSTACK platform in the State of New Jersey in 2013, we were the first technology platform
provider to accept and process a deposit online in the State of New Jersey and processed the first legal online bet on our proprietary
blackjack game. Our casino operators have continued to rely on GameSTACK to launch their online casinos in new and existing U.S. states
that adopted applicable legislation. 

In
May 2020, GAN Limited completed a reorganization and share exchange pursuant to which we acquired all of the outstanding ordinary shares
of GAN plc and became the parent company of GAN plc. Subsequently, GAN plc changed its name to GAN (UK) Limited. Additionally, in May
2020, we completed our U.S. initial public offering through which we sold an aggregate of 7,337,000 ordinary shares at a price per share
of 8.50 and received gross proceeds of 62.4 million. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

In
November 2020, we entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to
acquire all of the outstanding equity in Vincent Group p.l.c., a Malta public limited company doing business as Coolbet 
in exchange for cash and ordinary shares. In December 2020, we completed a secondary public offering, issuing 6,790,956 ordinary shares
in exchange for net proceeds of 98.5 million after underwriting discounts and commissions, and other offering expenses. We used the
proceeds from this offering to fund the cash portion of the purchase price payable to the former Coolbet shareholders. On January 1,
2021, we completed the acquisition of Coolbet for a total purchase price of 218.1 million, comprised of a cash payment of 111.1 million,
the issuance of 5,260,516 ordinary shares (valued at 106.7 million) and the issuance of replacement equity awards (valued at 0.3 million). 

In
2022, we began to expand both our B2B and B2C footprints into other countries in North America. In April 2022, we launched
a B2B customer on our GameSTACK technology platform in the Ontario, Canada market
and in January 2023 we launched our Coolbet
B2C casino in the regulated Mexican market. 

In
September 2022 we launched GAN Sports, a modern sportsbook technology platform based on the award-winning Coolbet technology that
has been adapted for the U.S. B2B market. In February 2023, we launched GAN Sports, an in-house online and retail sports
betting technology platform, on over 100 kiosks at the Encore Boston Harbor WynnBET sportsbook. 

iGaming
and Online Sportsbook Industry and Background 

On
May 14, 2018, the Supreme Court of the United States overturned the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act PASPA ),
which since 1992 had prevented U.S. states, aside from Nevada, Delaware and Oregon from engaging in the regulation and taxation of sports
betting activities at the intrastate level. The ruling paved the way for U.S. states to elect individually whether to allow for regulated
sports betting and, by extension, real money iGaming within their borders. Prior to the Supreme Court of the United States overturning
PASPA, U.S. casino operators were largely limited to retail slot and table gaming operations and, in the online channel, to simulated
gaming operations offering no prospect for real money winnings. 

On
June 22, 2021, the Parliament of Canada passed Bill C-218 - the Safe and Regulated Sports Betting Act, which removed the Canadian federal
ban on domestic sportsbook betting in Canada, opening its provinces to allow single-game sports betting, and in April 2022 Ontario became
the first province in Canada to regulate online gambling. 

As
of December 31, 2022, more than 30 U.S. states have approved legalized sports betting, along with Washington D.C., and real money iGaming
is also presently legal in seven states. Each state or jurisdiction has unique regulatory and licensure requirements, and our ability
to rapidly customize deployments and submit expeditiously for individual state gaming licensure has been a vital contributor to our success
in the U.S. market. We enable our customers to deploy iGaming and online sportsbook offerings to their end users quickly, capturing valuable
early-mover advantages in their relevant markets, such as the January 2021 launch in Michigan and the April 2022 launch in Ontario, Canada.
We are presently licensed or approved to operate our RMiG platform in more than a dozen U.S. states, as well as Ontario, Canada and plan
to continue to evaluate new opportunities to provide services in additional U.S. states 2023 and beyond. 

Online
sports betting deployment models can vary widely due to state-specific regulatory and licensing mandates. However, licensed casino operators
with land-based retail facilities tend to partner with online sportsbook operators in order to accelerate online customer acquisition.
These operators generally rely on a technology platform, such as GameSTACK, for player onboarding, player account management, payment
processing and various back-office tools designed to maintain regulatory compliance and real-time reporting. Additionally, our technology
for online sportsbooks incorporates a sports betting engine for pricing, trade execution and risk management. 

In
order to monetize online and offline players in a coherent manner, casino operators pursue omnichannel marketing strategies that require
deep integration of hardware and software elements, including computing infrastructure, customer relationship management, casino management
system and loyalty program management. Because of the complexity in deploying and maintaining iGaming and online sports betting infrastructures,
casino operators may rely on third-party service providers to operate and maintain all or part of the technology infrastructure on their
behalf. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Operating Models 

B2B 

Our
product strategy for GameSTACK and GAN Sports is to provide a unified, flexible and highly scalable platform that can be rapidly deployed
for RMiG and online sports betting. In addition to our platform, we offer a range of development, marketing and customer support services
designed to fast-track deployments and provide ongoing operational support following commercial launch. 

Our
GameSTACK platform and related support services are designed to help our customers rapidly launch and scale their iGaming and online
sportsbook operations. Our iGaming offerings support both social, or freemium, simulated online casino gaming in
regulated and unregulated markets as well as RMiG for deployment in regulated markets. We measure the level of player engagement
through key performance measures including Gross Operator Revenue, which we define as the sum of our B2B corporate customers 
gross revenue from SIM, gross gaming revenue from RMiG, and gross sports wins from sportsbook offerings, which we track for both SIM
and RMiG operations. 

Our
GameSTACK customer base in the United States includes large regional operators as well as individual tribal casino operators that, combined,
operate over 100 retail casino properties, racetracks and online sportsbooks. The largest portion of our U.S. business is in real money
internet gambling with operators in the U.S. states where either (or both) internet casino gaming and sports betting are permitted by
regulation. 

We
believe there is a large and growing number of additional potential new customers for GameSTACK in selected U.S. states that have formally
passed online sports betting but have not yet implemented a regulatory framework for governing online real money iGaming in these states.
Also, we believe that as newly regulated U.S. states generate real tax revenue for their respective state treasuries that more states
will evaluate, develop, and pass online gaming legislation. The Company has the unique ability to absorb and support this expansion.
For example, in January 2021, we simultaneously launched three operators online in Michigan, including our existing customer, FanDuel
Group, Inc. s FanDuel online casino and two new customers, Churchill Downs brand TwinSpires and Wynn Resorts 
WynnBET. 

B2C 

Our
principal B2C offerings are real-money online sports betting, online casino and peer-to-peer poker. We offer these products directly
to the end customer through our website, which is also available on tablet and mobile devices in markets predominantly across Northern
Europe and Latin America. In order to attract and retain customers, we seek to provide a high-quality customer experience through a high
speed mobile website, excellent customer service and attractive odds. With our own technology and sportsbook software, and in cooperation
with recognized providers for odds data and game content, we strive to provide the best online sportsbook and iGaming offering available,
and believe that positive word of mouth referrals allowed us to increase our revenues and acquire customers at a lower cost than our
competitors. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Products and Service Offerings 

B2B
GameSTACK Platform, Development and Support Services 

GameSTACK
is a turnkey platform comprising proprietary enterprise software, computer hardware and specific proprietary software components such
as our iSight Back Office tool iSight and the iBridge Framework. GameSTACK is a comprehensive proprietary software platform
providing our customers with account set-up, customer services facilitation, comprehensive player marketing tools, and the ability to
deliver converged gambling across land-based retail casinos and the internet. While developing GameSTACK, we remained fully committed
to building an evergreen and agile software architecture forged from a single code base, ensuring that developments in game mechanics,
new back-office functionalities and integrations with leading third-party software could be capitalized on by our customers across all
gameplay modalities. Importantly, we developed our code to operate in multiple jurisdictions and under different regulatory requirements,
giving us the ability to leverage different configurations quickly to comply with newly regulated markets. 

GameSTACK
serves as the technical hub of our customers online gaming presence. The platform provides the foundational technology and back-office
tools necessary for a successful consumer experience, including intuitive player account activation, sophisticated payment services,
geolocation, marketing, loyalty club linking and real-time analytics and reporting. The core of the GameSTACK platform is its player
account management system, in which highly sensitive consumer and player activity data is stored and processed. This information is the
layer of any casino operator s online technology deployment that becomes the focal point of regulatory licensure since it is the
fortified vault of player data and privacy. We are the trusted custodian of player transactional data and provide direct visibility into
wagering activity, which allows us to deploy proprietary player analysis models to assist our casino operator customers in predicting
and identifying, over time, their highest-value players. Our casino operator customers can rely on our data models to best direct their
retention marketing investments towards specific customer profiles, thereby optimizing player loyalty and therefore player value. GameSTACK
also relies on a flexible integration services layer in order to integrate easily with other essential third-party systems such as casino
management systems, remote gaming servers, sports betting engines, and marketing services applications. 

Real
Money iGaming 

Our
RMiG instances of GameSTACK incorporate comprehensive player registration, account funding and back-office accounting and management
tools that enable our casino operator customers to efficiently, confidently and effectively extend their presence online. For the individual
players, our software enables them to create a regulatory-compliant iGaming account online, have their credentials properly validated
in order to activate their account, deposit money into their account and proceed to wager that money on any content we provide on the
relevant casino operator s website or mobile app. The online content may comprise a casino game such as roulette, blackjack or
a casino slot machine game. Content may also comprise a myriad of sporting events on which the diverse outcomes can be wagered on. 

We
have optimized GameSTACK for RMiG, and in particular, U.S. internet casino gaming with geolocation tracking, Know-Your-Customer processes
and a market-leading U.S. payments platform. Payment aggregation services within GameSTACK integrate with a wide range of third-party
payment processors while simultaneously allowing our casino operators to accept cash deposits onsite within their retail casino properties,
which are credited to the players online account. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Our
RMiG instances of GameSTACK incorporate comprehensive player registration, account funding and back-office accounting and management
tools. In the United States, real money iGaming applications must comply with the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006
and with the federal Wire Act of 1961. Consequently, our RMiG customers must physically deploy our platform within their state s
borders, typically inside their retail casino premises in order to comply with intrastate regulatory mandates. Our customers generally
procure the computer hardware on which our software is deployed inside of our customers data centers. 

GAN
Sports retail and online sportsbook 

GAN
Sports, our newest product offering following the acquisition of Coolbet, is offered as an online and retail solution to U.S. casino
operators as a complete turnkey solution for sports betting technology. The GAN Sports retail offering allows our customers to
launch and operate their sportsbooks on their properties through self-service kiosks, with the ability to add an on-premises or
statewide mobile versions. 

Super
Remote Gaming Server 

GameSTACK
may also be configured as a super remote gaming server Super RGS ), otherwise known as a remote gaming server
aggregator, which can be deployed on behalf of existing internet casino operators in various U.S. states that are operating on their
own proprietary or third-party platform. Super RGS provides these operators with access to all of our proprietary games, our current
(and all future) remote gaming server integrations, as well as our content library of more than 4,000 internet casino games. Super
RGS creates a technical and commercial vehicle for us to deliver our proprietary casino content and third-party game content across the
entirety of the relevant U.S. intrastate markets. Our Super RGS provides for a cost and time savings for new and existing market operators
to more efficiently manage their game content. 

Simulated
Gaming 

Our
SIM product is custom-designed for the U.S. casino operators seeking to bring their retail brand online and create a new internet gaming
experience delivered as an amenity to their players and leveraging their on-property rewards program using the common code base shared
with GameSTACK for RMiG. For SIM implementations, we design the casino operator s mobile application and website with a branded
experience that is consistent with the casino operator s brand and market positioning. Our iSight technology provides management
tools and streamlines player registration and account funding. We generally host our customers SIM operations on a combination
of proprietary and cloud servers. 

iSight
Back Office 

GameSTACK
provides operators with a range of day-to-day back-office management tools along with integration application program interfaces for
third-party casino management systems. With the iSight management tool, our casino operators have complete control over their content
selection, player communications, website layout, process automation and real-time analytics. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

iBridge
Framework 

Our
proprietary iBridge Framework is a core feature of our platform, enabling operators to engage online players with innovative loyalty
offers. iBridge provides our operator customers the ability to automatically verify whether a new online player is part of an existing
offline loyalty database. iBridge allows operators to unite in-casino complimentary items and services, loyalty points and other offers
with online play. This enables casino operators to engage their customers online, reinforcing brand loyalty, as well as encouraging online
players to visit retail properties. Our platform integrates with a variety of third-party casino management systems, eliminating the
need for operators to create and maintain two disparate databases as their online businesses grows. 

Data
Analytics 

Because
we are the trusted custodian of our customers end user players aggregated and anonymized transactional data originated
and stored within our platform, we have direct visibility into a players activity and can predict which characteristics will contribute
to a player becoming amongst the highest-value players of our customers over time. This helps our customers to direct their retention
marketing investments to specific player profiles. Over the course of our history, we have accumulated large data sets from which we
have extracted substantial analytical insights for the benefit of our customers, who rely on our reporting and analytics capabilities
to help them to optimize their marketing spend as well as to maximize the value of their loyalty programs. 

Development
Services 

We
provide platform development services, which consist of initial deployment of gaming hosting facilities and ongoing development services
to provide updates to the software for enhanced functionality or customization. 

Customer
Support Services 

We
provide a range of term-based operational services to support our customers online gaming activities. Our premier offering is
a full turnkey combination of marketing services and customer support services. Our managed services teams provide user acquisition,
customer retention management, and customer functions for our operator customers to help them in acquiring and retaining players. These
services are designed to fast-track deployments and provide ongoing operational support following commercial launch for our customers.
We offer marketing and customer services to our casino operator customers to support their deployment of our RMiG and SIM solutions.
Our tailored customer support services include player customer support across email, phone and live chat, marketing agency services and
network management with 24/7 uptime guarantee. 

Non-U.S.
B2C 

B2C
Product Offerings 

We
operate the B2C gaming site www.coolbet.com outside of the U.S., which predominantly operates in select Northern Europe and Latin America
markets. The site offers sports betting, poker, casino, live casino and virtual sports. Coolbet.com is built on proprietary software,
including a proprietary sportsbook engine and risk management tools, enabling us to offer a highly differentiated entertainment experience
when compared to other B2C gaming sites who rely on third-party technology stacks. Because we predominantly rely on in-house technology,
we can rapidly enter new international markets with deeply local and tailor made content. Our B2C product offerings include: 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Sports
Betting 

We
manage an award-winning online sportsbook allowing customers to place various types of wagers on the outcome of sporting events
around the world. We operate as the bookmaker and offer a large variety of betting types in a given event, including both pre-match
and in-play (placed after a sports event has begun) wagers. We offer the ability to place bets on all major sports including soccer,
basketball, baseball, American football, ice hockey and tennis, as well as emerging sports such as eSports and smaller sports.
Coolbet s proprietary sportsbook features specialist odds compiled by in-house product experts, which leads to more attractive
odds and offers on local sports events and a higher value proposition for customers. 

Online
Casino 

We
offer thousands of digital and live dealer casino games provided by recognized game content creators, integrated into our proprietary
technology. The casino product features many proprietary features and functionalities driving customer engagement. Live Casino, through
its digital online casino offering in selected markets, allows customers to place wagers and play games through a real-time streaming
video solution. Coolbet.com offers customers a catalog of over 3,000 third-party iGaming titles across skill-based games such as Poker
and chance-based games, such as digital slot machines and table games such as Blackjack and Roulette. 

Poker 

Poker
allows registered customers to play poker against each other in cash games and tournaments directly on the website www.coolbet.com in
real-time. 

Growth
Strategy 

Key
elements of our growth strategy include: 

Growing
GAN Sports, primarily through retail sports betting. GAN Sports is a modern sportsbook technology platform built upon the
award-winning Coolbet technology that has been adapted for the U.S. B2B market. GAN Sports successfully debuted for Island View
Casino in Gulfport, Mississippi on September 27, 2022. The second deployment, at the WynnBET Sportsbook
at Encore Boston Harbor, occurred on Tuesday, January 31, 2023. We expect to deploy GAN Sports for Station
Casinos LLC Station Casinos or Station in 2023 throughout the Las Vegas local market, subject to
regulatory approval. The Las Vegas local gaming market is the second largest gaming market in the United States. We intend to
deliver installations of GAN Sports with existing and new customers in regulated U.S. gaming markets, with existing and new
customers for markets that legalize sports betting, and replace competitor s product offerings in existing markets. 

Supporting
our existing B2B customers as they continue to scale their respective iGaming and online sportsbook and retail gaming operations. 
Gross Operator Revenue generated on our platform in 2022 increased by 32.9 to 1,224.4 million in 2022, up from 921.1 million in 2021.
As our customers online businesses continue to grow, we intend to deploy the necessary additional internal resources to support
their omnichannel requirements. We will, for instance, continue to invest in our GameSTACK platform s functionality by expanding
the gaming content library and third-party integrations, and will move expeditiously to obtain regulatory approvals to operate in new
U.S. states. Additionally, our new B2B GAN Sports offering allows us to compete as a full enterprise solution. 

Continue
to grow our B2C revenues . Coolbet s revenue increased by 11.3 to 87.5 million in 2022, up from 78.6 million in 2021. We
intend to further augment this growth by increasing market share in our existing markets through increased brand building and marketing
efficiencies while continuing to add: (i) new and increasingly popular wagering options, (ii) more localized sporting event content in
our existing jurisdictions, and (iii) innovative and popular games in our casino library. 

Securing
new B2B casino operator customers in existing and new regulated markets. We continuously engage with new casino operators in U.S.
states that have adopted regulated forms of RMiG and online sports betting, and are investing in sales and marketing initiatives to aggressively
pursue new deployment opportunities of our enterprise solutions, including our GAN Sports mobile and retail solutions as well as GameSTACK. 

Growing
our international business. In addition to our focus on the U.S. market, we intend to expand our B2C business in select Latin American
markets such as Mexico. Coolbet s B2C model has operated at scale primarily in Northern Europe and Latin America and provides us
with a fast-growing international strategy incremental to our B2B international market presence. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Competition 

We
operate in a global and dynamic market and compete with a variety of organizations that offer services similar to those that we offer.
Our B2B operations face competition primarily from: (i) online casino content suppliers that provide content direct to consumers; (ii)
retail casino operators that develop their own proprietary online gaming capabilities; and (iii) other similar existing or developing
technology providers that develop competing platforms. 

We
believe the principal competitive factors in our B2B operations include rapid deployment, ease of integration with existing and future
content and gaming, ease of user registration and conversion, regulatory compliance, data security, back office management systems, reliability,
and platform extensibility. 

Our
B2C operations compete against a variety of online sportsbook and casino operators, which range from large international organizations
with greater advertising and marketing resources to local players that provide specific opportunities in local markets. 

We
believe the principal competitive factors in our B2C operations include the overall customer mobile and online experience, better and
more reliable odds making, ease of use and our customer service. 

Customers
and Ecosystem 

Our
principal B2B customers are retail casino operators and online casino brands. 

Our
retail casino operator customers typically require a regulatory compliant and complete enterprise technology solution provider for
setting up, launching and operating an internet gaming business to drive incremental and complementary revenues to their existing
retail gaming business. When a U.S. casino looks to expand online, there is a small group of potential technology vendors available
to serve their needs, and an even smaller subset of companies which are B2B-only business and fully licensed for U.S. internet
gaming. We believe we are one of the few companies whose operational know-how and proven track record of excellence represent a
substantial competitive advantage. In addition, we believe our strategic U.S. patent covering the important linkage of an iGaming
account with a land-based casino rewards account provides us with an additional competitive advantage. 

New
 retail and online casino operator customers who use our GAN Sports and GameSTACK enterprise solutions
require a cutting-edge platform and sportsbook, often to replace their existing technology. Our full enterprise solution, including retail
sports, mobile sports, and platform technologies, provides our customers with flexibility to meet their specific needs, from customers
that require an all-encompassing market, customer, and sports trading services solution, to those larger self-managed operator customers
looking to operate on a cutting-edge technology. Beyond our GAN Sports sportsbook content, by proactively investing in development resources,
we have brought together within GameSTACK a solution which offers the leading service providers spanning payment processing, pre-paid
card services, age and identity verification, and geolocation, providing our customers with a best-in-class solution from end-to-end,
right out of the box. 

The
GAN family of casino operator customers represent leading U.S. gaming groups, both retail and online. Some of our casino operator customers
utilize our GameSTACK platform specifically for real money iGaming or online social casino, while others utilize our full enterprise
solution for RMiG as well as retail and mobile sportsbook. Whether these customer utilize our technology for some or all of their needs,
our customers own retail operations spanning over 100 retail locations, operate tens of thousands of slot machine units on their casino
gaming floors, and possess millions of dedicated loyalty club card holding players within their loyalty program databases. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, one of our customers, FanDuel, accounted for 20.9 of our total revenue. Beginning in 2013, we partnered
with FanDuel s majority shareholder, Flutter Entertainment plc (formerly known as PaddyPower Betfair plc), to support FanDuel s
rapid deployment of online sports betting sites in selected states that had legalized single-game sports betting. Under our current commercial
agreements, we provide access to the GameSTACK platform and provide development and support services to FanDuel in the U.S. and Ontario,
Canada. 

Our
U.S. commercial agreement with FanDuel provided that we were the exclusive provider of their casino gaming operations for a three year
period, which exclusivity ended in January 2023. Following the exclusivity period, FanDuel has the right to use other casino gaming solutions, subject
to a requirement to pay us revenue calculated as a certain percentage of their net gaming revenue from RMiG operations. Accordingly,
we could experience a significant decline in our revenue now that the exclusivity period has expired. We currently support FanDuel s
RMiG casino operations in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. Our current U.S. commercial
contract with FanDuel expires in January 2025. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Our
B2C casino and sports betting platform is accessible for wagering through the website www.coolbet.com in markets across Northern
Europe, Latin America, and Canada. Coolbet.com originally launched May 2016 and as of December 31, 2022, had over
1.2 million registered customers. The majority of website traffic comes from mobile customers and each region features customized
interfaces with localized product offerings and local language support teams. 

Seasonality 

Our
online sports betting operations experience seasonality based on the relative popularity of certain sporting events, in particular
with respect to local and international football seasons and high-profile international and regional tournaments. This seasonality
could be exacerbated by cancellations of sporting events in addition to off-seasons, but can also provide increased volume
during high-volume events such as the World Cup and overlapping sports calendars. 

Intellectual
Property Rights 

We
rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as
license agreements and other contractual protections, to protect our proprietary technology. We also rely on a number of registered and
unregistered trademarks to protect our brand. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had one registered patent in the United States and two registered trademarks in the United Kingdom relating
to our proprietary technology. We hold a U.S. patent with a term of 20 years, which expires in 2033, that covers the integration of
a retail casino s on-property rewards and loyalty program with an internet wagering experience, whether offered for real money
or virtual-based social casino gaming. Because of the tendency for non-licensed states to implement social casino gaming as an
alternative or precursor to RMiG, and our ability to legitimately and comprehensively integrate the unique ability to connect
existing retail rewards program with an online gaming experience, we believe that our intellectual property provides a key
competitive advantage. 

We
seek to protect our intellectual property rights by implementing a policy that requires our employees and independent contractors involved
in development of intellectual property to enter into agreements acknowledging that all intellectual property generated or conceived
by them on our behalf are our property, and assigning to us any rights that they may claim or otherwise have in those works or property,
to the extent allowable under applicable law. Despite our efforts to protect our technology and proprietary rights through intellectual
property registrations, licenses and contractual protections, unauthorized parties may still copy or otherwise obtain and use our software
and technology. We may also face allegations in the future that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of third parties,
including our competitors and non-practicing entities. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are subject to various U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that affect our ability to operate in the gaming and entertainment industry,
in particular in the online gaming industry. These industries are generally subject to extensive and evolving regulations that could
change based on political and social norms and that could be interpreted or enforced in ways that could negatively impact our business.
Regulatory agencies in each of our operating markets continue to examine a wide variety of issues impacting the iGaming and sports betting
industries, and consequently the laws and regulations governing our business could be modified or could be interpreted differently in
the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. Material changes, new laws or regulations, or material differences in interpretations
by courts or governmental authorities could cause us to incur substantial additional compliance costs and adversely affect our operating
results. The primary means of enforcement of such regulations is through regulatory licenses. 

Our
B2B operations are licensed and regulated by the United Kingdom U.K. Gambling Commission, the Amministrazione autonoma
dei monopoli di Stato (Autonomous Administration of State Monopolies) in Italy, the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario in Canada,
the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement, the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board, the Indiana Gaming Commission, the West Virginia
Lottery Commission, the Michigan Gaming Control Board, the Tennessee Education Lottery Corporation, the Colorado Department of Revenue
Division of Gaming, the Arizona Department of Gaming, the Connecticut Department of Consumer Protection Gaming Division, the
Mississippi Gaming Commission, the Arkansas Racing Commission, the Massachusetts Gaming Commission, the Ohio Casino Control Commission,
and the Oregon Siletz Tribal Gaming Commission, and Oregon State Police Gaming Enforcement Division. Entry into new geographies will
require us to engage with additional regulatory authorities. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Our
B2C operations are also required to hold licenses in several jurisdictions. We hold gaming licenses in Estonia, Malta, Sweden, and Ontario,
Canada. Our B2C sportsbook technology and technical platform is certified by an accredited third-party according to the licensing requirements
of the regulatory authorities of Estonia, Malta, Sweden, and Ontario, Canada. We also have customers in jurisdictions that currently
do not have a local licensing scheme. A number of these jurisdictions are evaluating the adoption of a local licensing scheme for the
online sports betting and gaming operations that we currently offer. If regulations requiring licensure are adopted in those jurisdictions,
we intend to apply for licensing, but we cannot be assured that we will receive licenses in each instance or that changes in regulation
will not adversely impact our business. 

Licensing
Process 

We
are required to secure licenses to operate in each new jurisdiction where we conduct business and will need to secure additional licenses
in order to expand operations to new markets. In newly regulated markets, new licensing regimes may impose licensing conditions, such
as the requirement to locate significant technical infrastructure within the relevant territory or establish real-time data interfaces
with the regulator that present operational challenges or may stop the licensee from being able to offer the full range of our products.
Certain jurisdictions require us to hold a distributor license, while in other jurisdictions we need to qualify for a vendor license
to supply our licensed customers. The licensing process can be burdensome and lengthy, depending on the local jurisdiction and their
relative ability to move quickly, which is outside our control. Some jurisdictions will allow us to operate on a provisional license
while the regulators process our applications. Other jurisdictions require full licensure prior to commencing operations. Accordingly,
even as new regulated markets emerge, it is difficult to predict how quickly we will be able to derive revenues in such jurisdictions. 

Data
Protection and Privacy 

As
part of our operations, we establish player accounts and receive personal and financial information. Accordingly, our operations are
subject to privacy and data protection regulation in the United States, the U.K., the European Union, Asia Pacific, and elsewhere. These
laws are rapidly developing and changing. The European Union adopted a comprehensive General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ),
which came into effect in May 2018, as supplemented by any national laws (such as the Data Protection Act 2018 in the U.K.) and further
implemented through binding guidance from the European Data Protection Board. In the United States, several states have adopted revised
legislation to expand data breach notification rules and to mirror some of the protections provided by the GDPR. Some states, including
California, Colorado, and Connecticut have adopted data protection legislation that requires companies to make significant changes in
their data processing operations. 

Compliance 

We
have developed and implemented an internal compliance program designed to ensure that we comply with legal and regulatory requirements
imposed on us in connection with our gaming operations. Our internal compliance program focuses, among other things, on ensuring we comply
with applicable licensing requirements and local gaming regulations. In addition, we plan to introduce a dedicated data protection officer
and compliance officer to strengthen the overall compliance capabilities of the organization. 

Additionally,
we use various methods and tools across our operations such as geolocation blocking, which restricts access based on a user s geographical
location determined through a series of data points such as mobile devices and Wi-Fi networks; age verification to ensure our users are
of a certain age to participate; routine monitoring of user activity; and risk-based user due diligence to ensure player funds are legitimately
derived. We have a zero-tolerance approach to money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and collusion. All of our games and platforms
are certified and tested by various private accreditation organizations, such as, the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement s
technical testing laboratory and the Gaming Laboratories International, which is a leading industry provider for online gaming testing
and certification. 

While
we are firmly committed to full compliance with all applicable laws and have developed appropriate policies and procedures to comply
with the requirements of the evolving regulatory regimes, we cannot provide assurance that our compliance program will prevent all violations
of applicable laws or regulations, or that a violation by us or our personnel will not result in a monetary fine or suspension or revocation
of one or more of our licenses. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Social
Responsibility 

We
maintain an open, honest and responsible approach towards our stakeholders, which include our employees, suppliers, customers, investors
and the wider community. As both a B2B provider of games of skill and chance in regulated intrastate internet gaming markets, we have
placed our responsible gaming policies and tools at the core of our vision to provide industry-leading entertainment in a socially responsible
fashion. Our GameSTACK software platform has a myriad of features for detection and prevention of problem gambling as well as offering
tools to end user players to limit their gaming activities online, in compliance with the challenging technical requirements of the U.S.
states we are licensed in, as well as other jurisdictions. 

Our
platform services enable our casino operators to offer their players an array of tools to control their spending, including deposit limits,
wagering value limits, wagering frequency limits, time limits, definable self-exclusion and/or cooling-off periods. This, coupled with
sophisticated reporting and analytics, allows operators to identify potentially compulsive behavior and take the required action to ensure
the protection of any vulnerable players in line with their operating requirements in the relevant intrastate gaming market. Our teams
are extensively trained in the area of responsible gaming, to assist end user players displaying signs of gambling addiction and guide
them in the correct direction to seek assistance. We also, in conjunction with our customers and third-party service partners, provide
robust age verification processes to ensure that no minors can access the gaming opportunities provided on our customer s websites. 

Human
Capital Resources 

We
are committed to investing in our employees while nurturing a work environment that fosters global and cross functional collaboration.
Our leadership team actively works to attract, develop, and retain talent from a range of backgrounds and experiences. 

Our
Global Workforce 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 704 total employees, of which 701 were full-time and 3 were part-time. Approximately 88 of these employees were located outside the United States.
The majority of our employees are working within the operations function, which includes the majority of the technical and product employees.
The charts below show our global employee population by region and operational function. 

Workforce
 by Region: 

Europe 

583 

United
 States 

83 

Latin
 America 

26 

Rest
 of World 

12 

Workforce
 by Function: 

Operations 

87 

Non-operations 

13 

As
we continue to maintain our footprint across multiple countries, we have refocused efforts on building processes and systems that
encourage our employees to adopt a global mindset and ways of working. This refocus means creating more efficient methods for
collaborating across multiple time zones and making the time to hone communication skills to further productive and interactive
working relationships. This effort also translates to offering programs and employees events at a worldwide scale where all
employees are able to bond over shared interests and experiences. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

A
diverse global workforce and an equality, inclusive, and belonging culture is our commitment to the current and future employees. We
are committed to promote diversity and inclusion in all our policies, practices, and actions such as hiring, purchasing, and general
business practices. We seek to establish an environment of respect and understanding in the workplace and a culture that values and reflects
the diverse components of our employees and the communities in which we operate. This past year we implemented a global training on cultural
awareness and communication in the workplace among company leaders and managers. We aim to expand this offering to every employee and
include the training as part of our annual learning curriculum in the coming year. 

Pay
and Benefits 

We
continue to offer market-based, competitive wages and benefits in all markets where we compete for talent. The pay structure has evolved
to be positioned around the market median within each market, with variances based on knowledge, skills, years of experience, and performance.
We regularly evaluate pay equity, expanding our review to include race/ethnicity in addition to gender. In addition to base wages, our
compensation and benefit programs, which vary by country, include short-term incentives, long-term incentives (e.g., cash and share-based
awards), employee savings plans with providers for company matching, healthcare and insurance benefits (in the United States), health
savings spending accounts with providers for company matching (in the United States), paid time off, leave options, and employee assistance
programs. We also encourage our employees to focus on their overall wellness. In 2022, we expanded our traditional monthly fitness reimbursements
to include exercise equipment, wellness programs and treatments, and app subscriptions in support of nutrition, behavior based health
or activities that encourage movement. We also respect our employees needs for flexibility and balance between work and life.
We support a flexible working model where employees may work from the office or from home. We also continue to offer support to employees
who work from home by providing reimbursement for work related expenses. 

Workforce
Health and Safety 

In
2022, our employees indicated a need for flexibility in where they work. In response, we moved to a model that adapted to the workplace
culture and working needs per country. For example, in the United States and United Kingdom, we moved to a remote-first working structure
and substantially reduced our office footprint. In Estonia and Bulgaria, employees desire in-office collaboration and are in the office
several days a week based on the team s working schedule. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Employee
Engagement 

It s
our goal to continue to provide an environment where our employees can be the best versions of themselves and have the support they need
to deliver extraordinary results for themselves and our company. Throughout 2022, we expanded our employee engagement programming to
accommodate local gatherings where we have a concentrated employee base. For other locales with a much more distributed workforce, virtual
group and team events were offered. We also held several global events to build a sense of company community. 

Information
about Segment and Geographic Revenue 

Our
segment and geographic revenue information is described in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 

Available
information 

We
make available free of charge (other than an investor s own internet access charges) through our internet website
(https://www.investors.gan.com) our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We are not including the information contained on our website as part of or
incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site, https://www.sec.gov, that includes filings of and information about issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and information below, as well as all other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated statements,
the notes thereto and the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
before you decide to purchase shares of our common stock. Below, we describe risks that we currently believe are the material risks in connection with our operations. These are not the only risks we face; we
are subject to risks that are currently unknown to us, or that we may currently believe are remote or immaterial. If any of these
risks or events occurs, our business prospects, financial condition, stock price, and operating results could be harmed. 

Summary
of the Material Risks Associated with our Business 

We
 have incurred net losses in the past with negative cash flows and may not be able to generate and sustain profitability or sufficient liquidity . 

We
 operate in a rapidly evolving industry and if we fail to successfully develop, market or sell new products or adopt new technology
 platforms, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The
 online gaming industry is highly competitive, and if we fail to compete effectively, we could experience price reductions, reduced
 margins or loss of market share. 

Our
 business operations are subject to substantial variability, which may make it more difficult for us to forecast our financial results,
 and may negatively impact how investors review our results or prospects. 

Under
 our revenue arrangements, if existing customers do not continue the use of our products or services, our results of operations could
 be materially adversely affected. 

We
 have historically relied on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. 

A
 reduction in discretionary consumer spending, from an economic downturn or disruption of financial markets or other factors, could
 negatively impact our financial performance. 

Macroeconomic
 conditions can materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
 face the risk of fraud, theft, and cheating. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

We
 face cyber security risks that could result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits
 and restrictions on our use of data. 

Systems
 failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, applications, products, or services could harm our business. 

Our
 business strategy anticipates substantial growth, and if we fail to adequately scale product offerings and manage our entry into
 new territories, our business and reputation may be harmed. 

We
 rely on relationships with third-party content providers for a significant portion of our revenue. 

If
 we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our competitive position and our business could be materially
 adversely affected. 

We
 face the risk that third parties will claim that we infringe on their intellectual property rights, which could result in costly
 license fees or expensive litigation. 

We
 face risks related to health epidemics and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, which could disrupt our operations and
 impact our operating results. 

We
 are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility, responsible gaming, reputation and ethical conduct. 

The
 online gaming industry is heavily regulated and the Company s failure to obtain or maintain applicable licensure or approvals,
 or otherwise comply with applicable requirements, could be disruptive to our business and could adversely affect our operations. 

Once
 a gaming license is granted, or conditionally approved, violations of any gaming related requirements could result in the imposition
 of fines, penalties, conditions, or limitations, up to and including the revocation of a gaming license for material and/or repeated
 violations, all of which could adversely affect our operations and financial viability. 

The
 online gaming industry is rapidly expanding and evolving, which the proliferation of new and changing regulatory frameworks increases
 costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

Our
 B2C operations generate a significant portion of our revenue from unregulated markets and changes in regulation in
 those markets could result in us losing business in those markets, incurring additional expenses in order to comply with any new
 regulatory scheme, or potentially exiting the market. 

Our
 B2C operations generate a significant portion of our revenue in markets where tax regulations are evolving, and could result in additional
 tax liabilities that could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Compliance
 with evolving data privacy regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses, and any violation could result in damage to our
 reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data. 

Any
 violation of the Bank Secrecy Act or other similar anti-money laundering laws and regulations could have a negative impact on us. 

We
 have business operations located in many countries and a significant level of operations outside of the U.S., which subjects us to
 additional costs and risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
 results of operations may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency values. 

The
 expansion of our business will subject us to taxation in a number of jurisdictions and changes in, or new interpretation of, tax
 laws, tax rulings or their application by tax authorities could result in additional tax liabilities and could materially affect
 our financial condition and results of operations. 

Ownership
 in our ordinary shares is restricted by gaming laws and our by-laws, and persons found unsuitable may be required to
 dispose of their shares. 

We
 are a Bermuda company and it may be difficult for you to enforce judgments against us or certain of our directors or officers. 

Our
 bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers and directors and contain provisions that may discourage
 a change in control. 

The
summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below and the other information
set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in
other documents that we file with the SEC. If any such risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks summarized above, or described in full
below, are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem
to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, prospects, stock price, financial condition and results of
operations. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have incurred net losses in the past with negative cash flows and may not be able to generate and sustain profitability or sufficient liquidity . 

Since
our inception, we have typically operated at a loss. At December 31, 2022 we had an accumulated deficit of 151.0 million. We
incurred a net loss of 197.5 million and 30.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additional
losses would impair our liquidity and may require us to raise additional capital or to curtail certain of our operations in an
effort to preserve capital. Incurring additional losses could also erode investor confidence in our ability to manage our business
effectively and result in a decline in the price of our ordinary shares. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Report and Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding
our liquidity position. 

We
operate in a rapidly evolving industry and if we fail to successfully develop, market or sell new products or adopt new technology platforms,
it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to keep pace with continuing changes in technology. Our GameSTACK platform and other software
products compete in a market characterized by rapid technological advances, evolving standards in software technology and frequent
new product introductions and enhancements that may render existing products and services obsolete. Competitors and operators are
continuously upgrading their product offerings with new features, functions and gaming content. In addition, we continuously refine
our software and technology platform to address regulatory changes in the markets in which we operate or plan to operate. In order
to remain competitive, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our technology platform and service offerings. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to respond to rapid technological changes in our industry. In addition, the introduction of new
products or updated versions of existing products has inherent risks, including, but not limited to, risks concerning: 

product
 quality, including the possibility of software defects, which could result in claims against us or the inability to sell our software
 products; 

the
 accuracy of our estimates of customer demand, and the fit of the new products and features with customers needs; 

the
 need to educate our sales, marketing and services personnel to work with the new products and features, which may strain our resources
 and lengthen sales cycles; 

market
 acceptance of initial product releases; and 

competitor
 product introductions, in-house customer solutions or regulatory changes that render our new products obsolete. 

Because
we commit substantial resources to developing new software products and services, if the markets for these new products or services do
not develop as anticipated, or demand for our products and services in these markets does not materialize or materializes later than
we expect, we will have expended substantial resources and capital without realizing sufficient offsetting or resulting revenue, and
our business and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Developing, enhancing and localizing software is expensive,
and the investment in product development may involve a long payback cycle. Our future plans include significant additional investments
in development of our software and other intellectual property. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of
resources to our development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we may not receive significant revenue from these
investments for several years, if at all. In addition, as we or our competitors introduce new or enhanced products, the demand for our
products, particularly older versions of our products may decline. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

The
online gaming industry is highly competitive, and if we fail to compete effectively, we could experience price reductions, reduced margins
or loss of market share. 

The
online gaming industry is highly competitive. A number of companies offer products that are similar to our products and target the same
markets as we do. Certain of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial,
technical and marketing resources, greater name recognition, broader or more integrated product offerings, larger technical staffs and
a larger installed customer base than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and
changes in customer requirements, develop superior products, and devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their
products than we can. 

Because
of the rapid growth of our industry, and the relatively low capital barriers to entry in the software industry, we expect additional
competition from other established and emerging companies. Some of our customers are land-based casinos that use our GameSTACK platform
for rapid access to the online iGaming and sports betting markets. As these customers become more experienced or successful they may
look to develop their own proprietary solutions or may look more aggressively at competing platforms. Additionally, our competitors could
combine or merge to become more formidable competitors or may adapt more quickly than we can to new technologies, evolving industry trends
and changing customer requirements. If we fail to compete effectively, (a) we could be compelled to reduce prices in order to be competitive,
which could reduce margins and profitability, or (b) we would lose market shares either of which could materially adversely affect our strategy,
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
business operations are subject to substantial variability, which may make it more difficult for us to forecast our financial results,
and may negatively impact how investors review our results or prospects. 

Our
B2B revenues are generated from our SIM and RMiG customers which are casino operators, primarily in the United States. Our business
growth is substantially dependent on new customer launches in existing markets and customer launches in new markets. Each of these
transactions can have a significant impact both on our revenue and expenses. The process for each of these transactions is complex
involving sales cycles, licensing requirements, product planning and development and marketing coordination. The success of our
efforts to secure a new customer, obtain the necessary licensing and launch in a new market can have a significant impact on our
financial position and results of operations. Any failure or delay could cause our revenue or operating results to differ
substantially from our operating budget, guidance or analysts expectations. It could also render period to period analysis of
our operating results more difficult, leading to an increased risk of volatility in the trading price of our ordinary
shares. 

Our
B2C revenue is generated primarily from its sportsbook operations in Northern Europe, Latin America and other international markets.
Our B2C revenues can vary depending on seasonality of sporting events and our profitability can be affected by event-specific outcomes
outside of our control. Following the consummation of the Coolbet acquisition, we have been operating under a new business model, an
enhanced technology platform, new product offerings and an expanded base of customers and markets. Accordingly, it may be more difficult
for us to forecast our future financial results and there may be an increased risk that our actual results of operations may vary materially
from any guidance that we provide. Our more complex business model and offerings may also make it more difficult for analysts to assess
our future prospects. Should our future operating results fall below any future guidance that our management may issue or any third-party
analyst reports or consensus, it could negatively affect investors perceptions, which could decrease demand for our ordinary shares
or result in increased volatility in the trading price of our ordinary shares. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Under
our revenue arrangements, if existing customers do not continue the use of our products or services, our results of operations could
be materially adversely affected. 

In
our B2B segment, we generate revenue under contracts with casino operators that contemplate ongoing revenue arrangements that depend
in part on the revenues of casino operators. The success of our business depends on our ability to retain our existing installed base
of customers and to increase the scale of gaming and transactions that they run on our platform. We may experience the loss of a customer
if the customer determines to close its operations, elects to develop its own online platform, or elects to contract with one of our
competitors. In addition, casino operators that utilize our Super RGS platform may choose to contract directly with content providers.
Such events could materially and adversely affect our revenues. 

If
our customers terminate their contracts with us, we will incur a reduction in revenue unless we are able to secure new customers in amounts
sufficient to offset the loss. The sales cycle for our platform can be long, and there are no assurances that we will be able to rapidly
replace the loss of a significant customer. A substantial portion of our expenses are fixed, and a loss of revenue would have a material
adverse impact on our profitability and our financial position. 

We
have historically relied on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our largest customer FanDuel accounted for 20.9 and 14.8 , respectively, of our total
revenue. Our revenues from FanDuel in our B2B segment increased in 2022 with FanDuel s expansion into Ontario, Canada, but our
revenues may experience a significant decline in future periods as our rights as their exclusive provider of casino gaming
operations ended in January of 2023. Customer concentration in our B2B segment will tend to be more pronounced as we expand our
revenue from a smaller base. 

Our
business strategy encompasses securing a diverse customer base including attempting to expand the amount of business with our current
customers and expand into new customer accounts as we enter new geographic markets. While our 2021 acquisition of Coolbet substantially
diversified our customer base, we operate in a dynamic industry, in which regulatory restrictions and enabling technologies are changing
rapidly. As such, certain of our customers may experience more rapid growth than other customers, resulting in a concentration of revenue
from time to time in one or a few significant customers. 

At
any time that we experience significant customer concentration, the loss of a key customer, for any reason, would have a significant
impact on our revenue, our ability to fund operating expenses, and our financial position. In addition, the loss of any material customer
could significantly decrease our market share and harm our reputation, which could affect our ability to grow and take advantage of new
markets, access resulting data from such markets, and secure funding to invest into development of new products. 

Our
B2C sports betting operations exposes us to losses as a result of a failure to determine accurately the odds in relation to any particular
event and/or any failure of its sports risk management processes. 

Our
fixed-odds wagering contracts involve betting where winnings are paid on the basis of the amount wagered and the odds quoted. Our sports
betting operation is designed to set odds at a level that will provide the bookmaker with an average return over a large number of events.
However, there can be significant variation in the gross win percentage for a single event or fixed period of time. 

Our
systems and controls seek to reduce the risk of daily losses occurring on a gross-win basis, but there can be no assurance that
these controls will be effective in all situations, and consequently we face exposure to risk relating to its failure to set
accurate odds or managing its sports betting risk. We may experience significant losses with respect to individual events or betting
outcomes, in particular if large individual bets are placed on an event or betting outcome or series of events or betting
outcomes. 

Odds
compilers and risk managers are capable of human error, thus even allowing for the fact that a number of betting products are subject
to capped pay-outs, significant volatility can occur. In addition, it is possible that there may be such a high volume of wagers during
any particular period that even automated systems would be unable to address and eradicate all risks. Any significant losses could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

A
reduction in discretionary consumer spending, from an economic downturn or disruption of financial markets or other factors, could negatively
impact our financial performance. 

iGaming
and sports betting that we and our customers offer represent discretionary expenditures. Players participation in those activities
may decline if discretionary consumer spending declines, including during economic downturns, when consumers generally earn less disposable
income. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences are driven by factors beyond our control, such as: 

perceived
 or actual general economic conditions; 

fears
 of recession and changes in consumer confidence in the economy; 

high
 energy, fuel and other commodity costs; 

the
 potential for bank failures or other financial crises; 

a
 soft job market; 

an
 actual or perceived decrease in disposable consumer income and wealth; 

increases
 in taxes, including gaming taxes or fees; and 

terrorist
 attacks or other global events. 

During
periods of economic contraction, our revenues may decrease while most of our costs remain fixed and some costs even increase, resulting
in decreased earnings. 

Macroeconomic
conditions can materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Recent
adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, higher interest rates, slower growth or recession, the strengthening of the U.S.
dollar, and corresponding currency fluctuations can have an adverse material impact on the Company s future results of operations,
cash flows, and financial condition, particularly with respect to foreign currency adjustments relating to our international operations.
Such conditions may also affect consumers willingness to make discretionary purchases, and therefore the Company, along with its
casino operator customers, may experience a decline in wagering. A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased credit
and collectability risk on the Company s trade receivables, limitations on the Company s ability to issue new debt, and reduced
liquidity. 

We
face the risk of fraud, theft, and cheating. 

We
face the risk that players may attempt or commit fraud or theft or cheat in order to increase winnings. Such risks include stolen credit
or charge cards and hacked or stolen customer accounts. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in losses
in our operations. Negative publicity related to such acts or schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation, potentially causing
a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
face cyber security risks that could result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and
restrictions on our use of data. 

We
rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. In addition, our business
involves the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of end users personal data, including financial information and
information about how they interact with our games and platform. We have built our reputation, in part, on the sophistication and security
of our payment and financial processing. 

Our industry is prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our information systems and
data or to disrupt our ability to provide service. Our
information systems and data, including those we maintain with our third-party service providers, may be subject to cyber security breaches
in the future. Computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate, copy or pirate our
confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause interruptions or shutdowns of our internal systems
and services. Our website may become subject to denial of service attacks, where a website is bombarded with information requests eventually
causing the website to overload, resulting in a delay or disruption of service. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to
develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities
of our products. Also, there is a growing trend of advanced persistent threats being launched by organized and coordinated groups against
corporate networks to breach security for malicious purposes. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Disruptions
in the availability of our computer systems, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, could damage our computer or telecommunications systems,
impact our ability to service our customers, adversely affect our operations and the results of operations, and have an adverse effect
on our reputation. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and
security vulnerabilities could be significant, and the efforts to address these problems could result in interruptions, delays, cessation
of service and loss of existing or potential customers and may impede our sales, distribution and other critical functions. Although we plan to continuously develop systems and processes to protect our information systems and data, we cannot
assure you that such measures will provide absolute security, that we will be able to react in a timely manner, or that our remediation
efforts will be successful. We may also
be subject to regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information has been compromised, all of which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and cash flows. 

Systems
failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites, applications, products, or services could harm our business. 

The
full-time availability and expeditious delivery of our products and services is a critical part of our solution offering to our consumers.
Our systems may experience service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed
denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, and other natural disasters, power losses,
disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or other malware,
or other events. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities.
In addition, as a provider of payments solutions, we are subject to heightened scrutiny by regulators that may require specific business
continuity, resiliency and disaster recovery plans, and more rigorous testing of such plans, which may be costly and time-consuming and
may divert our resources from other business priorities. 

We
also rely on facilities, components, and services supplied by third parties, including data center facilities and cloud storage services.
If these third parties cease to provide the facilities or services, experience operational interference or disruptions, breach their
agreements with us, fail to perform their obligations and meet our expectations, or experience a cybersecurity incident, our operations
could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which could result in customer dissatisfaction and damage to our reputation and
brands, and materially and adversely affect our business. We do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us
for all losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. 

A
prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services will
result in a loss of revenue and could materially harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could cause
current or potential customers to believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid or reduce
the use of our products and services, and could permanently harm our reputation and brands. Moreover, if any system failure or similar
event results in damages to our customers or their business partners, these customers or partners could seek significant compensation
or contractual penalties from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly
for us to address. 

Our
business strategy anticipates substantial growth, and if we fail to adequately scale product offerings and manage our entry into new
territories, our business and reputation may be harmed. 

Our
business strategy contemplates substantial growth in our customer base, attempting to capture a larger share of a dynamic and growing
iGaming and sports betting market, primarily in the United States but internationally as well. Our growth has placed, and is expected
to continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational and financial resources, and our infrastructure.
Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our management to manage growth effectively. This will require us to, among
other things: 

implement
 additional management information systems; 

further
 develop our operating, administrative, legal, financial and accounting systems and controls; 

hire
 additional qualified personnel and develop human capital; 

comply
 with additional regulatory regimes, securing licenses and permits; and 

maintain
 close coordination among our engineering, operations, legal, finance, sales and marketing and customer service and support organizations. 

Failure
to accomplish any of these requirements could adversely affect our ability to deliver our product and service offerings in a timely fashion,
fulfill existing customer commitments or attract and retain new customers. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

We have experienced significant non-cash impairment charges to
our goodwill and other intangible assets, which may affect our results of
operations in the future. 

Goodwill
is reviewed for impairment annually, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that may indicate that fair value
of our reporting units may be below their carrying value. We determine fair value considering both the income and market approaches.
Definite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment if an event or change occurs such that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
We completed a significant acquisition which has resulted in significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets on our
balance sheet, of which we recognized a total impairment to (i) goodwill 136.9 million), (ii) intangible assets 19.1 million), and (iii) capitalized
software development costs 10.0 million) during the year ended December 31, 2022. These non-cash charges significantly affected our
results of operations. Unfavorable changes in the business climate or competitive environment, our revenue forecasts, our market capitalization,
capital structure, capital expenditure levels, operating cash flows, as well as adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments could
cause material impairments to the carrying value of our intangible assets or intangible assets we may obtain in future periods. 

We
rely on relationships with third-party content providers for a significant portion of our revenue. 

We
currently license gaming content from third-party software providers for inclusion in our online games and content offerings. We license
these rights to provide our customers with access to online versions of popular casino-based games, reduce our development costs, to expand
our content offerings and to shorten our time to market with new products and solutions. Our B2B business model is predicated on sharing
revenue with our casino operators. If we were to lose access to popular game titles and content, our casino operators may experience
a decline in wagering, reducing their revenue and ours. We could be compelled to pay higher prices for licenses, or incur increased expenses
in an effort to develop our proprietary content, but there are no guarantees that we would be successful in either approach. The loss
of compelling content could also make our solution and product offering less competitive, and our operators customers may look
for alternative vendors with access to different content. 

In
addition, a significant portion of customers are introduced to us by our network of content manufacturers. These content manufacturers
include casino equipment manufacturers and casino gaming content designers, which do not manufacture physical gaming equipment. We may
experience difficulty in maintaining or establishing third-party relationships with our content manufacturers. If we are unable to maintain
good relations with our content manufacturers, our ability to organically grow our business could be harmed, which may materially adversely
affect operating results and financial condition. Additionally, we are exposed to the risk that the content manufacturers through which
we indirectly promote our products and services will not devote sufficient time, attention and resources to learning our products, markets
and potential customers and may promote and sell competing products and services. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our competitive position and our business could be materially
adversely affected. 

The
iGaming and online sports betting industries are subject to rapid technological change and we and a number of our competitors are developing
technology and intellectual property that we believe is unique and provides us with a commercial advantage. We regard the protection
of our developed technologies and intellectual property rights as a competitive differentiation and an important element of our business
operations and crucial to our success. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property and proprietary rights may reduce our revenue, devalue
our brands and property and harm our reputation. 

We
rely primarily on a combination of patent laws, trademark laws, copyright laws, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions to protect our proprietary technology. As of December 31, 2022, we held one issued U.S. patent (patent number 8,821,296 dated
September 2, 2014) with multiple claims within that single patent. We generally require our employees, consultants and advisors to enter
into invention contribution and confidentiality agreements. Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to prevent
misappropriation of our intellectual property. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce,
our intellectual property rights. Further, the laws of many countries, including countries where we conduct business, do not protect
our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States and European countries. The failure of our patent, or
our reliance upon copyright and trade secret laws to adequately protect our technology, might make it easier for our competitors to offer
similar products or technologies. 

We
may in the future need to initiate infringement claims or litigation. Litigation can be expensive and time-consuming and may divert the
efforts of our technical staff and managerial personnel, which could harm our business. In addition, litigation is inherently uncertain,
and thus we may not be able to stop our competitors from infringing upon our intellectual property rights. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

We
face the risk that third parties will claim that we infringe on their intellectual property rights, which could result in costly license
fees or expensive litigation. 

While
we respect third parties intellectual property rights and have procedures designed to avoid the inadvertent use of third-party
intellectual property, we may face claims from our competitors that the products or solutions that we develop, or those provided to us
by third parties or used by our customers, infringe on third parties intellectual property rights. Some of our competitors have
substantially greater resources than we do and are able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation to a greater
degree and for longer periods of time than we could. In addition, patent holding companies that focus solely on extracting royalties
and settlements by enforcing patent rights may target us. 

Any
such claim may seek to prohibit our use of the third-party s intellectual property rights or may require us to obtain licenses
from the holders of the patents or other intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain any such licenses
on commercially favorable terms, or at all. If we do not obtain such licenses, we could, for example, be required to cease or materially
alter our product offerings and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Future
litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves, our customers or our partners by determining the scope, enforceability and validity
of third-party proprietary rights or to establish our proprietary rights. Regardless of whether the infringement claims have any merit,
defense of intellectual property litigation is time-consuming, costly to evaluate and defend, and could: 

adversely
 affect our relationships with our current or future customers or partners; 

cause
 delays or stoppages in providing new sales of our products; 

cause
 us to have to cease use of certain technology or products; 

require
 technology changes that would cause us to incur substantial cost; 

require
 us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms; and 

divert
 management s attention and resources. 

In
addition, many of our contracts provide our customers or partners with indemnification with respect to their use of our intellectual
property. We cannot predict whether any existing or future third-party intellectual property rights would require us to alter our technologies,
obtain licenses or cease certain activities. 

We
face risks related to health epidemics and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, which could disrupt our operations and impact
our operating results. 

Significant
outbreaks of contagious diseases, and other adverse public health developments, could have a material impact on our business operations
and operating results. 

The
impact of public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases is uncertain. Although our business proved resilient during
the COVID-19 pandemic, it is uncertain whether this trend will continue, as the economic disruption and uncertainty caused by the COVID-19
pandemic may be repeated in the event of future severe outbreaks or variants. In the event of a public health crisis, government authorities
may, from time to time, implement various mitigation measures, including travel restrictions, limitations on business operations, stay-at-home
orders and social distancing protocols. Any prolonged deviations from normal daily operations could negatively impact our business. Additionally,
any prolonged disruption of our content providers, customers, players or regulatory reviewers could delay regulatory approvals or conclusions
related to new products or the finalization of new contracts entered into by us. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

We
are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility, responsible gaming, reputation and ethical conduct. 

Many
factors influence our reputation and the value of our brands, including the perception held by our customers, business partners, investors,
other key stakeholders and the communities in which we operate, such as our social responsibility, corporate governance and responsible
gaming practices. We have faced, and will likely continue to face, increased scrutiny related to social, governance and responsible gaming
activities, and our reputation and the value of our brands can be materially adversely harmed if we fail to act responsibly in a number
of areas, such as diversity and inclusion, workplace conduct, responsible gaming, human rights, philanthropy and support for the local
communities. Any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention, and the willingness of customers and partners
to do business with us, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
believe that our reputation is critical to our role as a leader in the online gaming industry and as a publicly traded company. Our Board
has adopted a Code of Business Conduct as well as other related policies and procedures, and management is heavily focused on the integrity
of our directors, officers, senior management, employees, other personnel and third-party suppliers and partners. Illegal, unethical
or fraudulent activities perpetrated by any of such individuals, suppliers or partners for personal gain could expose us to potential
reputational damage and financial loss. 

Risks
Related to Regulation 

The
online gaming industry is heavily regulated and the Company s failure to obtain or maintain applicable licensure
or approvals, or otherwise comply with applicable requirements, could be disruptive to our business and could adversely affect our operations. 

We
and our officers, directors, major shareholders, key employees and business partners are generally subject to the laws and regulations
relating to online gaming of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business, as well as the general laws and regulations that apply to
all e-commerce businesses, such as those related to privacy and personal information, tax and consumer protection. With each new regulated
market we enter, we are generally required to secure a gaming license. These laws and regulations vary from one jurisdiction to another
and future legislative and regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental action, which may be affected by, among other things,
political pressures, attitudes and climates, as well as personal biases, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Gaming
authorities have broad discretion in determining whether to grant, or not to grant, a gaming license and/or whether to impose conditions
or limitations upon such gaming license. The process of submitting applications may be expensive and time-consuming and the outcome is
not assured. Regulatory regimes imposed upon gaming providers vary by jurisdiction. Typically, however, most regulatory regimes include
the following elements: 

the
 opportunity to apply for one or more gaming licenses for one or more categories of products, whether as part of a general round of
 license issuance (for example, Spain) or as and when the applicant chooses to apply; 

a
 requirement for gaming license applicants to make detailed and extensive disclosures as to their beneficial ownership, their source
 of funds, the probity and integrity of certain persons associated with the applicant, the applicant s management competence
 and structure and business plans, the applicant s proposed geographical territories of operation and the applicant s
 ability to operate a gaming business in a socially responsible manner in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

interviews
 and assessments by the relevant gaming authority intended to inform a regulatory determination of the suitability of applicants for
 gaming licenses; 

assessments
 by the relevant gaming authority intended to inform a regulatory determination of the continued suitability of gaming license holders; 

ongoing
 reporting and disclosure obligations, both on a periodic and ad hoc basis in response to material issues affecting the business; 

the
 testing and certification of software and systems, generally designed to confirm such things as the fairness of the gaming products
 offered by the business, their genuine randomness and ability accurately to generate settlement instructions and recover from outages; 

the
 need to account for applicable gaming duties and other taxes and levies, such as fees or contributions to bodies that organize the
 sports on which bets are offered, as well as contributions to the prevention and treatment of problem gaming; and 

social
 responsibility obligations. 

If
we fail to obtain the necessary gaming license in a given jurisdiction, we would likely be prohibited from distributing and providing
our product offerings in that particular jurisdiction altogether. If we fail to seek, do not receive, or receive a suspension or revocation
of a license in a particular jurisdiction for our product offerings (including any related technology and software) then we cannot offer
the same in that jurisdiction and our gaming licenses in other jurisdictions may be impacted. Furthermore, some jurisdictions require
license holders to obtain government approval before engaging in some transactions, such as business combinations, reorganizations, share
offerings and repurchases. We may not be able to obtain all necessary gaming licenses in a timely manner, or at all. Delays in regulatory
approvals or failure to obtain such approvals may also serve as a barrier to entry to the market for our product offerings. If we are
unable to overcome the barriers to entry, it will materially affect our results of operations and future prospects. 

To
the extent new online gaming jurisdictions are established or expanded, we cannot guarantee we will be successful in penetrating such
new jurisdictions or expanding our business or customer base in line with the growth of existing jurisdictions. 

As we directly or indirectly
enter into new markets, we may encounter legal, regulatory and political challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which
could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs associated with the new market opportunity. If we are unable
to effectively develop and operate directly or indirectly within these new markets or if our competitors are able to successfully penetrate
geographic markets that we cannot access or where we face other restrictions, then our business, operating results and financial condition
could be impaired. Our failure to obtain or maintain the necessary regulatory approvals in jurisdictions, whether individually or collectively,
would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Once
a gaming license is granted violations of any gaming related requirements could result in the revocation of a gaming license, the imposition
of fines, conditions, or limitations, all of which could adversely affect our operations and financial viability. 

Once
we have been granted a gaming license, we are required to comply with the applicable statutory and/or regulatory requirements, policy
directives, and license conditions and/or limitations. Failure to comply with any of such, could result in a gaming regulator bringing
a disciplinary action against us. We have previously been assessed fines related to failure to comply with license conditions and codes
of practice. We cannot predict the outcome of any current or future regulatory review. 

Disciplinary
action could range from the imposition of fines, further conditions or limitations imposed upon the gaming license, to the revocation
of previously granted gaming licenses. The imposition of any such disciplinary actions could adversely affect our operations in that
jurisdiction and its financial viability. Further, the disciplinary action in one jurisdiction could result in separate disciplinary
action being brought by another gaming regulator, which could further adversely affect our operations in those jurisdictions and its
financial viability. 

The
online gaming industry is rapidly expanding and evolving, which the proliferation of new and changing regulatory frameworks increases
costs and increases the risk of non-compliance. 

The
online gaming and interactive entertainment industries are relatively new and continue to evolve. As additional jurisdictions initiate
regulation, legal and regulatory developments (such as passing new laws or regulations or extending existing laws or regulations to online
gaming and related activities), taxation of gaming activities, data and information privacy, anti-money laundering and know your
customer laws and regulations, and payment processing laws and regulations, are continuing to evolve in ways we are unable to
predict and which are beyond our control. 

Given
the dynamic evolution of these industries, it can be difficult to plan strategically, including as it relates to product launches in
new or existing jurisdictions, which may be delayed or denied, and it is possible that competitors will be more successful than us at
adapting to change and pursuing business opportunities. Additionally, as the online gaming industry advances, including with respect
to regulation in new and existing jurisdictions, we will become subject to additional compliance-related costs, including regulatory
infractions, licensing and taxes. Consequently, we cannot provide assurance that our online and interactive offerings will grow at the
rates expected or be successful in the long term. 

Our
B2C operations generate a significant portion of its revenues from unregulated markets and
changes in regulation in those markets could result in us losing business in those markets, incurring additional expenses in order
to comply with any new regulatory scheme, or potentially exiting the market. 

Our
B2C operations currently generate a significant portion of its revenues in markets that currently do not have a local licensing scheme,
including Latin America and Northern Europe. Certain of those markets, or other markets where we may operate in the future, are in the
process of developing regulations that require registration and regulatory compliance or could do so in the near term. The adoption of
regulations and licensing requirements may increase costs, reduce net gaming revenue or require us to cease operations depending on the
range of unforeseen developments in proposed rules and regulations governing online gaming in the international markets in which we currently
operate. 

Our
B2C operations generate a significant portion of our revenue in markets where tax regulations are evolving, and could result in additional
tax liabilities that could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
B2C operations currently generate a significant portion of its revenues in markets that have evolving tax legislation, including Latin
America and Canada. Those markets, or other markets where we may operate in the future are actively considering or could adopt regulations
that adversely affect our operations. The adoption of tax regulations may increase costs, reduce net gaming revenue or require us to
cease operations depending on the range of unforeseen possible changes to the statutes governing online gaming in the international markets
in which we currently operate. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Compliance
with evolving data privacy regulations may cause us to incur additional expenses, and any violation could result in damage to our reputation
and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits and restrictions on our use of data. 

We
collect and process information relating to our employees, our customer operators, our customers end user players, and others
for various business purposes, including payment processing, marketing and promotional purposes. The collection and use of personal data
are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted by the various U.S. states, and other jurisdictions around the world. Privacy laws
and regulations continue to evolve and on occasion may be inconsistent between jurisdictions. Various federal, state and foreign legislative
or regulatory bodies may enact or adopt new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data retention, data transfer, and
data protection. For example, the European Union has adopted a data protection regulation known as the General Data Protection Regulation,
or GDPR , which became fully enforceable in May 2018, that includes operational and compliance requirements with significant
penalties for non-compliance. In addition, California has enacted a new privacy law, known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018, which became effective in 2020 and provides some of the strongest privacy requirements in the United States. 

Compliance
with applicable privacy laws and regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to provide and market
our products, properties and services. In addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations by us (or in some circumstances
non-compliance by third parties engaged by us), including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unapproved dissemination or a breach
of security on systems storing our data may result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits
or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. We rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, and tools to provide
security for processing of customer and employee information, such as payment card and other confidential or proprietary information.
Our data security measures are reviewed and evaluated regularly; however, they might not protect us against increasingly sophisticated
and aggressive threats including, but not limited to, computer malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks by third parties. 

Any
violation of the Bank Secrecy Act or other similar anti-money laundering laws and regulations could have a negative impact on us. 

Our
operations are subject to reporting and anti-money laundering AML regulations in various jurisdictions. In recent years,
governmental authorities have been increasingly focused on AML policies and procedures, with a particular focus on the gaming industry.
Any violation of AML laws or regulations could result in fines, administrative expenses, and have a negative effect on our business reputation,
ability to secure and retain gaming licenses, and have a negative effect on our results of operations. 

We
ceased to be a foreign private issuer on December 31, 2020, which resulted in significant additional costs and expenses related to our
compliance with U.S. securities laws. 

As
a public company in the United States, we are incurring significant legal, insurance, accounting and other expenses. We have invested,
and plan to continue to invest, resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment will result in
increased general and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention away from product development and
other commercial activities. 

We
determined that, as of June 30, 2020, we no longer qualified as a foreign private issuer. Accordingly, effective January 1, 2021, we
were required to comply with all U.S. federal securities laws that apply to U.S. reporting companies, including enhanced periodic reporting,
proxy requirements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are subject to the short-swing profit disclosure and recovery
provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. We are required to file periodic reports and registration statements on U.S. domestic issuer
forms containing financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), with the SEC, which are more detailed and extensive than the forms available to a foreign private issuer.
In addition, we became subject to the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, which are more strenuous than the corporate governance
requirements under Bermuda law. As a result, we expect that our regulatory and compliance costs would continue to be significant. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

We
have identified a material weakness in connection with our internal control over financial reporting which, if not remediated, could adversely affect our business, reputation and stock price. 

As
previously disclosed, in connection with the audit of the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 2021, our management and audit committee concluded that we have material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. Specifically, certain time and functions previously reported as attributable to software
development were not applied consistently with applicable accounting principles. In addition, the Company evaluated the accounting
for revenue from contracts with customers that include significant customization services, previously recognized upon launch, that
only the Company can perform and are necessary for the set-up of instances of the RMiG platform, and concluded the services were not
distinct and the related contract consideration should be allocated to the single performance obligation consisting of the right to
access the SaaS platform, recognized over time during the estimated term of the arrangement. The Company also identified
deficiencies in the design of the control environment whereby the Company did not maintain effective risk assessment over
segregation of duties, certain finance users were granted super user access and security administration rights to the
financial reporting systems, the activity of these users with elevated access were not actively monitored, and no segregation of
duties over journal entry preparation and approval within the B2C segment existed. The effects of the capitalized software
development and revenue recognition errors resulted in an overstatement of capitalized software development costs, net, and an
overstatement of development revenue resulting in a restatement of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for each of the periods ended
March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021, as management determined that the aggregate effect of the individual errors in
each period was material to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for such quarters. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

In 2022, we designed and implemented measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the material weaknesses
described above, primarily by formalizing and documenting our policies and procedures surrounding capitalized software development
costs and revenue recognition, designing and implementing training for the employees whose roles and activities may qualify for
capitalization, instituting monthly meetings with the development leadership team to assess the status of all projects, formalizing
the customer contract review process, and enhancing the scrutiny and precision of the management review controls over the
capitalization of software development and revenue recognition process. We have also implemented appropriate controls to
segregate journal entry preparation and approvals and to actively monitor finance users with elevated rights within our B2B segment. 

Based on the evaluation completed
in the fourth quarter of 2022, our management and audit committee has concluded that these control improvements related to revenue recognition,
capitalized software development costs, and segregation of duties within our B2B segment are properly designed and operating effectively
as of December 31, 2022, and that the material weakness related to revenue recognition, capitalized software development costs, and segregation
of duties with in our B2B segment existing as of December 31, 2021 has been remediated. However, the material weakness related to the
segregation of duties over journal entry preparation and approval within the B2C segment has not been remediated. While we are designing
and implementing measures to remediate the remaining material weakness in the B2C segment, we cannot predict the success of such measures
or the outcome of our assessment of these measures at that time. We can give no assurance that these measures will remediate the remaining
material weakness in internal control or that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over
financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that may lead to additional restatements of our financial statements or cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Any such failure could also lead to reputational damage and a decrease in the market price
of our stock. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to our International Operations 

We
have business operations located in many countries and a significant level of operations outside of the U.S., which subjects us to additional
costs and risks that could adversely affect our operating results. 

A
significant portion of our customer base and operations are located outside of the United States. Compliance with international and U.S.
laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. As a result of our international
operations, we are subject to a variety of risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including
those related to: 

challenges
 caused by distance as well as language and cultural differences; 

general
 economic conditions in each country or region; 

regulatory
 changes; 

political
 unrest, terrorism and the potential for other hostilities; 

public
 health risks, particularly in areas in which we have significant operations; 

longer
 payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 

overlapping
 or changes in tax regimes; 

difficulties
 in transferring funds from certain countries; 

laws
 such as the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws which also prohibit corrupt payments
 to governmental officials; and 

reduced
 protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. 

If
we are unable to effectively staff and manage our global operations, we may not realize, in whole or in part, the anticipated benefits
from our international operations which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency values. 

As
a result of our global operations, we generate a portion of our revenue and incur a portion of our expenses in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar. Our primary currency exposures are the British Pound, Euro, Bulgarian Lev, Israeli Shekel, and Australian Dollar. For
example, we have a significant amount of our Euro-denominated transactions associated with revenue, a devaluation of the Euro relative
to the U.S. dollar would adversely affect our results of operations reported in the U.S. dollar. As our transactions in British Pounds
are primarily expenses, a decline of the U.S. dollar relative to the British Pound would negatively impact our results of operations
reported in the U.S. dollar. The financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of some of our operating entities are reported
in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated
financial statements. As a result, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against those other currencies generally will have a negative impact
on our reported revenue and profits while depreciation of the U.S. dollar against other currencies will generally have positive effect
on reported revenue and profits. Any significant decline in the value of these currencies as compared to the U.S. dollar would have a
material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The
expansion of our business will subject us to taxation in a number of jurisdictions and changes in, or new interpretation of, tax laws,
tax rulings or their application by tax authorities could result in additional tax liabilities and could materially affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

We
pay U.S. federal, state and international taxes due to our global operations and the locations in which we operate. We are subject to
taxation in a number of international jurisdictions. The tax laws applicable to our business are myriad, and are subject to interpretation,
and significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. In the course of our business, there are many transactions
and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Consequently, our results may differ from previous estimates and
may materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 

The
gaming industry represents a significant source of tax revenue to the jurisdictions in which we will operate. Gaming companies and B2B
providers in the gaming industry (directly and/or indirectly by way of their commercial relationships with operators) are currently subject
to significant taxes and fees in addition to normal corporate income taxes, and those taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time.
In addition, any worsening of economic conditions and the large number of jurisdictions with significant current or projected budget
deficits could intensify the efforts of governments to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes and/or other taxes. It is not
possible to determine with certainty the likelihood of changes in tax laws or in the administration or interpretation or enforcement
of such laws. Any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
are subject to periodic review and audit by U.S. and foreign tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with certain tax positions
that we have taken or that we will take, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe that our income tax provisions, positions and estimates are reasonable
and appropriate, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken. In addition, economic and political pressures to
increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes favorably more difficult. 

U.S.
Holders of our ordinary shares could be subject to material adverse tax consequences if we are considered a Passive Foreign Investment
Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

There
is a risk that we could be classified as a Passive Foreign Investment Company PFIC ), for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Our status as a PFIC could result in a reduction in the after-tax return to U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares and may cause a reduction
in the value of our ordinary shares. A corporation is classified as a PFIC for any taxable year in which either (i) at least 75 of its
gross income is passive income or (ii) at least 50 of the average quarterly value of all its assets consists of assets
that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. For this purpose, passive income generally includes among other things,
dividends, interest, certain rents and royalties, annuities, certain gains from the sale of stock and securities, and certain gains from
commodities transactions. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Based
on the projected composition of our income and valuation of our assets, we do not believe we would have been a PFIC in any previous taxable
year, and we do not expect to become a PFIC in the foreseeable future, although there can be no assurance in this regard. The U.S. Internal
Revenue Service or a U.S. court could determine that we are or were a PFIC in any past, current, or future taxable years. The determination
of whether we are a PFIC is a fact-intensive determination made on an annual basis applying principles and methodologies, which in some
circumstances are unclear and subject to varying interpretation. If we were classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares
could be subject to greater U.S. income tax liability than might otherwise apply, imposition of U.S. income tax in advance of when tax
would otherwise apply and detailed tax filing requirements that would not otherwise apply. The PFIC rules are complex and a U.S. holder
of our ordinary shares is urged to consult its tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

Risks
Related to Corporate Governance Matters 

Ownership
in our ordinary shares is restricted by gaming laws and our by-laws, and persons found unsuitable 
 may be required to dispose of their shares. 

Gaming
authorities have the right to investigate any individual or entity having a relationship to, or involvement with, our Company or any
of its subsidiaries, to determine whether such individual or entity is suitable as a business associate of ours. Many jurisdictions also
require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage of voting securities of a gaming company and,
in some jurisdictions, non-voting securities, sometimes 5 , to report the acquisition to the gaming authorities, and the gaming authorities
may require such holders to apply for qualification or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for institutional
investors that hold a company s voting securities for investment purposes only. Subject to certain administrative proceeding
requirements, gaming authorities have broad discretion to deny any application or limit, condition, restrict, revoke or suspend any license,
registration, finding of suitability or approval, or fine any person licensed, registered or found suitable or approved, for any cause
deemed reasonable by the gaming authorities. 

Any
person found unsuitable by a gaming authority may not hold directly or indirectly ownership of any voting security or the beneficial
or record ownership of any nonvoting security or any debt security of any public corporation which is registered with the relevant gaming
authority beyond the time prescribed by the relevant gaming authority. Our by-laws include certain provisions to ensure that we comply
with applicable gaming laws. These provisions provide, among other things, that GAN Limited is prohibited from carrying on Gaming or
Gaming Activities (as defined therein) itself and that our Board of Directors has the right to cause a forced sale of the ordinary shares
held by an unsuitable person. Any such forced sale may negatively affect the trading price of our ordinary shares and may negatively
affect the liquidity of our ordinary shares. 

We
are a Bermuda company and it may be difficult for you to enforce judgments against us or certain of our directors or officers. 

We
are a Bermuda exempted company. As a result, the rights of holders of our ordinary shares will be governed by Bermuda law and our memorandum
of association and by-laws. The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated
in other jurisdictions. Bermuda legislation regarding companies is largely based on English corporate law principles. However, there
can be no assurance that Bermuda law will not change in the future or that it will serve to protect investors in a similar fashion afforded
under corporate law principles in the United States, which could adversely affect the rights of investors. Certain of our directors and
officers are not residents of the United States, and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States. As a
result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on those persons in the United States or to enforce in the United
States, judgments obtained in U.S. courts against us or those persons based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
laws. We have been advised by our special Bermuda counsel that uncertainty exists as to whether courts in Bermuda will enforce judgments
obtained in other jurisdictions, including the United States, or entertain action in Bermuda against us or our directors or officers. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Furthermore,
we have been advised by our special Bermuda counsel that Bermuda courts will not recognize or give effect to U.S. federal securities
laws that such Bermuda courts consider to be procedural in nature, are revenue or penal laws or the application of which would be inconsistent
with public policy in Bermuda. Certain remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including certain remedies under U.S.
federal securities laws, will not be recognized or given effect to in any action brought before a court of competent jurisdiction in
Bermuda where the application of such remedies would be inconsistent with public policy in Bermuda. Further, no claim may be brought
in Bermuda against us or our directors and officers in the first instance for violations of U.S. federal securities laws because those
laws do not have the force of law in Bermuda. A Bermuda court may, however, impose civil liability on us or our directors and officers
if the facts alleged in a complaint constitute or give rise to a cause of action under Bermuda law. 

Shareholders
of a Bermuda company may have a cause of action against us or our directors for breach of any duty in the by-laws or any shareholders 
agreement owed personally by us to the shareholder. Directors of a Bermuda company may be liable to the company for breach of their duties
as directors to the company under the Bermuda Companies Act, and under common law. Such actions must, as a general rule, be brought by
the company. Where the directors have carried on an act which is ultra vires or illegal, then the shareholder has the right, with leave
of the court, to bring a derivative action to sue the directors on behalf of the company with any damages awarded going to the company
itself. Shareholders are also able to take action against a company if the affairs of the company are being conducted in a manner which
is oppressive or unfairly prejudicial to the shareholders or some number of them, and to seek either a winding-up order or an alternative
remedy if a winding-up order would be unfairly prejudicial to them. 

Our
by-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action against our officers and directors. 

Our
by-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any
of our officers or directors. The waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director
to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the
part of the officer or director or any claims of violations of the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the
waiver of which would be prohibited by Section 14 of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act. This waiver limits the
right of shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors unless the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty. 

We
have provisions in our by-laws that may discourage a change of control. 

Our
by-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors.
These provisions include, among others: 

restrictions
 on the time period in which directors may be nominated; 

the
 prohibition of cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

the
 requirement for shareholders wishing to propose a person for election as a director (other than persons proposed by our Board of
 Directors) to give advance written notice of nominations for the election of directors; and 

certain
 provisions to ensure that we comply with applicable gaming laws, which provide, among other things, that our Board of Directors has
 the right to cause a forced sale of the ordinary shares held by an unsuitable person (see the risk factor above entitled
 Ownership in our ordinary shares is restricted by gaming laws and our by-laws, and persons found unsuitable 
 may be required to dispose of their shares ). 

These
provisions could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if the third-party s offer may be considered beneficial
by many shareholders. As a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters is located at 400 Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 1900, Irvine, California 92618. In addition to our corporate headquarters,
we have regional offices in Bulgaria, Israel, and Estonia. We lease our corporate headquarters and each of our regional offices. We believe
that our current facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the near future and that suitable additional or alternative space will
be available on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate our foreseeable future operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company may be subject to legal actions and claims arising from contracts or other matters from time to time in the ordinary course of
business. Management is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation, which are considered other than routine legal proceedings.
The Company believes the ultimate disposition or resolution of its routine legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect
on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
ordinary shares have been listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GAN since May 7, 2020. Prior to that date,
our predecessor entity, GAN plc, was a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. Since 2013 through the
date of our initial public offering, the ordinary shares of GAN plc traded on AIM, a market operated by the London Stock Exchange under
the symbol GAN. 

On
May 5, 2020, we affected a reorganization and share exchange in which 21,593,910 ordinary shares of GAN Limited, together with cash consideration
in the aggregate amount of 2.0 million, were issued to the shareholders of GAN plc in exchange for all outstanding ordinary
shares of GAN plc, after which time GAN plc became a wholly-owned subsidiary of GAN Limited. 

On
March 22, 2023, we had 118 holders of record of our ordinary shares. A substantially greater number of holders are beneficial owners
whose shares are held of record banks, brokers and other nominees. The transfer agent and registrar for our ordinary shares is Continental
Stock Transfer and Trust Company. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to
finance the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable
future. Our payment of dividends in the future, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors and will be paid out of funds legally
available for that purpose. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

On
May 31, 2022, the Board of Directors re-authorized and extended the share repurchase program initially authorized on November 30, 2021,
which permits the Company to purchase up to 5.0 million of the Company s outstanding ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The extension was publicly announced on June 13, 2022. Repurchases are executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated
transactions. The Company may purchase the ordinary shares at the prevailing market price at the time of purchase. The Company is not
obligated to acquire any particular number of shares and repurchases may be suspended or terminated at any time. The share repurchase
program expired on November 3, 2022. 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company had no share repurchases under this program. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

34 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the Company s
consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or
set forth elsewhere, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 and Risk Factors sections for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

GAN
Limited is a Bermuda exempted holding company and through its subsidiaries, operates in two lines of business. We are a business-to-business B2B supplier of enterprise Software-as-a-Service SaaS solutions for online casino gaming, commonly referred
to as iGaming, and online sports betting applications. Beginning with our January 2021 acquisition of Vincent Group p.l.c., a Malta public
limited company Coolbet ), we are also a business-to-consumer B2C developer and operator of an online sports
betting and casino platform, which offers consumers in select markets in Northern Europe, Latin America and Canada a digital portal for
engaging in sports betting, online casino games and poker. These two lines of business are also the Company s reportable segments. 

The
B2B segment develops, markets and sells instances of and GameSTACK technology, GAN Sports, and iSight Back Office that incorporates comprehensive
player registration, account funding and back-office accounting and management tools that enable casino operators to efficiently, confidently
and effectively extend their online presence. In 2022, we won a prestigious industry award from EGR North America Best Customer
Onboarding Partner in recognition of our expertise and commitment for delivering industry-leading gaming solutions to land-based
casinos and GAN was named a Rising Star in Sports Betting for the SBC North America Awards 2022. GAN Sports, our newest
product offering following the acquisition of Coolbet, launched in September 2022 and aims to provide a best-in-class B2B sports betting
product in the U.S. and Canada. 

The
B2C segment includes the operations of Coolbet. Coolbet develops and operates an online sports betting and casino platform that is
accessible through its website in markets across Northern Europe, Latin America, and Canada. In April of 2022, Coolbet
won a prestigious award at the International Gaming Awards in London Mobile Operator of the Year in recognition of
our user-friendly mobile site and available innovative product features, and in September 2022, Coolbet won the Northern European
Operator of the Year award at the SBC Awards 2022 in Barcelona. 

To
meet demand and serve our growing number of U.S. casino operator clients, we continue to invest in our software engineering capabilities
and expand our operational support. The most significant component of our operating costs generally relate to our employee salary costs
and benefits. Also, operating costs include technology and corporate infrastructure related-costs, as well as marketing expenditures
with a focus on increasing and retaining B2C end-users. 

Our
net loss was 197.5 million and 30.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
believe that our current technology is highly scalable and can support the launch of our product offerings for new customers and in new
jurisdictions. We expect to improve our profitability through increased revenues from: 

organic
 growth of our existing casino operators, 

expansion
 into newly regulated jurisdictions with existing and new customers, 

margin
 expansion driven by the integration of Coolbet s sports betting technology in our B2B product offerings, 

strategically
 reducing our existing worldwide global workforce to simplify and streamline our organization and strengthen the overall competitiveness
 of our B2B segment, 

revenue
 expansion from the roll-out of our Super RGS content offering to B2C operators who are not already clients, and 

organic
 growth of our B2C business in existing and new jurisdictions. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

We
hold a strategic U.S. patent, which governs the linkage of on-property reward cards to their counterpart internet gambling accounts together
with bilateral transmission of reward points between the internet gaming technology system and the land-based casino management system
present in all U.S. casino properties. In February 2021, we reached an agreement to license our U.S. patent to a second major U.S. casino
operator group and we may license our patent to other major U.S. internet gaming operators in the future. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this report. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires the use of judgments and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under current circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates. We consider the following to be our most critical accounting estimates that involve significant judgment: 

Revenue
Recognition 

Our
revenue recognition policies described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, require us to make significant judgments
and estimates. Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 requires that we apply judgments or estimates to determine the
performance obligations, the stand-alone selling prices of our performance obligations to customers, allocation of the transaction price,
and the timing of transfer of control of the respective performance obligations. The evaluation of each of these criteria requires consideration of
contract specific facts and circumstances is naturally judgmental, but certain judgments could significantly affect the amount or timing
of revenue recognized if we were to reach a different conclusion. The critical judgments we are required to make in our assessment of
contracts with customers that could significantly affect the timing or amount of revenue recognized are: 

Stand-Alone
Selling Price and Allocation of Transaction Price . ASC 606 requires that we determine the stand-alone selling price for our goods
and services as a basis for allocating the transaction price to the identified distinct performance obligations in our contracts with
customers. Because we often bundle the selling price for hardware or services or we may license systems for which the solutions we provide
are highly customized and therefore the prices vary, the determination of a stand-alone selling price requires significant judgment. 

For
performance obligations that involve multiple products or services, we allocate the transaction price to be applied to each performance
obligation based on an estimation of the stand-alone selling price. We typically determine the stand-alone selling price based on the
amounts that we charge when sold separately in similar circumstances to similar customers. In instances where the stand-alone selling
price cannot be determined using an adjusted market assessment approach, we have used other allocation methods in accordance with ASC
606, including a residual approach to allocate a stand-alone selling price. 

Business
Combinations 

We
account for business combinations in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. This standard requires the acquiring entity in a
business combination to recognize all (and only) the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction and establishes the acquisition-date
fair value as the measurement objective for all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Determining
the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates
and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives,
among other items. These estimates are based on information obtained from management of the acquired company and historical experience
and are generally made with the assistance of an independent valuation firm. These estimates can include, but are not limited to, the
cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset.
Any changes in the underlying assumptions can impact the estimates of fair value by material amounts, which can in turn materially impact
our results of operations. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and, if different estimates were used, the purchase
price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities differently from the allocation that we have made.
In addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates, and, if such events
occur, we may be required to record a charge against the value ascribed to an acquired asset or an increase in the amounts recorded for
assumed liabilities. 

If
the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections
used to develop these fair values, we may have to record impairment charges in the future. In addition, we have estimated the useful
lives of certain acquired assets, and these lives are used to compute depreciation and amortization expense. If our estimates of the
useful lives change, depreciation and amortization expense may be required to be accelerated or decelerated. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
is reviewed for impairment annually as of October 1st, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. A significant amount of
judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of goodwill impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include, among others: a
significant decline in expected future cash flows; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated
competition; and the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit. Our goodwill impairment analysis
also includes a comparison of the aggregate estimated fair value of all reporting units to our total market capitalization. Therefore,
our shares may trade below our book value and a significant and sustained decline in our share price and market capitalization could
result in goodwill impairment charges. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these
assets and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Goodwill
impairment testing involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its respective carrying amount, which may
be performed utilizing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level
below an operating segment. The qualitative assessment evaluates various events and circumstances, such as macro-economic conditions,
industry and market conditions, cost factors, relevant events and financial trends that may impact a reporting unit s fair value.
If it is determined that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is more-likely-than-not less than the carrying amount, including
goodwill, a quantitative assessment is required. Otherwise, no further analysis is necessary. 

In
a quantitative assessment, the fair value of a reporting unit is determined and then compared to its carrying value. A reporting unit s
fair value is determined based upon consideration of various valuation methodologies, including the income approach, which utilizes projected
future cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the risks involved, and multiples of current and future earnings. If the fair
value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a goodwill impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying
amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized cannot exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated
to that reporting unit. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

We estimated the fair value of all reporting units utilizing both a market approach and an income approach (discounted cash flow) and
the significant assumptions used to measure fair value include discount rate, terminal value factors, revenue and EBITDA multiples, and
control premiums. 

The
income approach used to test our reporting units includes the projection of estimated operating results and cash flows, discounted using
a weighted-average cost of capital WACC that reflects current market conditions appropriate to each reporting unit. Those
projections involve management s best estimates of economic and market conditions over the projected period, including growth rates
in revenues and costs and best estimates of future expected changes in operating margins and cash expenditures. Other significant assumptions
and estimates used in the income approach include terminal value growth rates, future estimates of capital expenditures and changes in
future working capital requirements. In addition, the WACC utilized to discount estimated future cash flows is sensitive to changes in
interest rates and other market rates in place at the time the assessment is performed. 

The
market approach used to test our reporting units included the review of revenue and EBITDA multiples from other publicly traded
companies in the industry used to derive their enterprise values and the application of those multiples to the relevant earnings streams within each
of our reportable segments. 

We
confirmed the reasonableness of the estimated reporting unit fair values under the income and market approaches by reconciling those
fair values to our enterprise value and market capitalization. Data points from other market participants were additionally used
which suggested that the lower end of valuation ranges related to our B2C segment may be applicable while adverse regulatory changes
in certain markets in which we operate were pending . 

Share-Based
Compensation 

Management
measures equity-classified share-based awards at fair value at the date of grant and expenses the cost on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period of the entire award, generally defined as the vesting period, along with a corresponding increase in equity.
Forfeitures are recorded in the period in which they occur with the impact, if any, recognized in the consolidated statements of operation
with a corresponding adjustment to equity. 

The
fair value of share options is determined using a Black-Scholes model, taking into consideration management s best estimate of
the expected life of the option and the estimated number of shares that will eventually vest. Application of the option-pricing model
involves the use of estimates, judgment and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective and are outlined below as they pertain
to grants subsequent to our initial public offering. 

Expected
Term represents the period of time that awards granted are expected to be outstanding. In determining the expected term of
the award, future exercise and forfeiture patterns are estimated from historical employee exercise behavior. These patterns are also
affected by the vesting conditions of the award. Changes in the future exercise behavior of employees or in the vesting period of the
award could result in a change in the expected term. An increase in the expected term would result in an increase to our expense. 

Volatility
 a measure of the amount by which the price of our ordinary shares is expected to fluctuate each year during the expected
term of the award. Our expected volatility is determined by reference to volatility of certain identified peer groups, share trading
information and share prices on the Nasdaq. The implied volatilities from traded options are impacted by changes in market conditions.
An increase in the volatility would result in an increase in our expense. 

Expected
Dividend Yield is based on our historical dividend yield, which is zero as we have not historically paid dividends.
If we were to begin paying dividends, the dividend yield would increase and result in a decrease in our expense. 

Risk-Free
Interest Rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at time of grant. As the risk-free interest rate increases,
the expected term increases, resulting in an increase in our expense. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Capitalization
and Impairment of Internally Generated Intangible Assets 

Management
reviews expenditures, including wages and benefits for employees, incurred on development activities and, based on their judgment of
the costs incurred, assesses whether the expenditure meets the capitalization criteria set out in ASC 350 and the intangible assets accounting
policy within the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Management specifically considers if additional expenditure on projects
relates to maintenance or new development projects. In addition, the useful life of capitalized development costs is determined by management
at the time the software is brought into use and is regularly reviewed for appropriateness. For unique software products we control and
develop, the life is based on historical experience with similar products as well as anticipation of future events, which may impact
their useful economic life, such as changes in technology. 

Management
reviews intangible assets at each reporting period to determine potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an intangible asset may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount
of the intangible asset with the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. Management must make estimates related
to future cash flows and discount rates that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. If such assets are considered impaired, an impairment
loss would be measured by comparing the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the intangible asset. 

Income
Taxes 

We
operate in a number of jurisdictions and our effective tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates, tax planning opportunities
and transfer pricing policies in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Judgment is required in respect of the interpretation
of state, federal and international tax law and practice as e-commerce and tax continues to evolve. Our income tax rate is significantly
affected by the tax rates that apply to our foreign earnings. 

Deferred
tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable in future years. Such assets arise from temporary differences between
the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred
tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary differences
can be utilized. This assessment of future taxable profits relies heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including
historical results and future business forecasts. To the extent deferred tax assets are not expected to be realized, we record a valuation
allowance. 

Research
and development tax relief is recognized as an asset once there is sufficient evidence that any amount we may claim will be received.
A key judgement arises with respect to the likelihood of a claim being successful when a claim has been quantified but has not been received.
In making this judgement, we consider the nature of the claim and in particular the track record of success of previous claims. 

We
are subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions and there are transactions for which the ultimate tax determination cannot be assessed
with certainty in the ordinary course of business. We recognize a provision for situations that might arise in the foreseeable future
based on an assessment of the probabilities as to whether additional taxes will be due. An uncertain tax position is recognized as a
benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized
on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. Penalties and
interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified as income tax expense in the period incurred. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Consolidated
Results of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 

Revenue 
 141,528 
 124,163 
 17,365 
 14.0 
 
 Operating costs and expenses 

Cost of revenue (1) 
 41,634 
 41,373 
 261 
 0.6 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 28,095 
 22,266 
 5,829 
 26.2 
 
 Product and technology 
 26,345 
 22,548 
 3,797 
 16.8 
 
 General and administrative
 (1) 
 46,906 
 48,881 
 (1,975 
 (4.0 
 
 Impairment 
 166,010 
 3,500 
 162,510 
 n.m. 
 
 Restructuring 
 1,771 
 
 1,771 
 n.m. 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 23,276 
 16,808 
 6,468 
 38.5 
 
 Total
 operating costs and expenses 
 334,037 
 155,376 
 178,661 
 n.m. 
 
 Operating loss 
 (192,509 
 (31,213 
 (161,296 
 n.m. 
 
 Other loss (income),
 net 
 1,047 
 (408 
 1,455 
 n.m. 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (193,556 
 (30,805 
 (162,751 
 n.m. 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 3,942 
 (211 
 4,153 
 n.m. 
 
 Net loss 
 (197,498 
 (30,594 
 (166,904 
 n.m. 

(1)
 Excludes depreciation and amortization expense 

 n.m.
= not meaningful 

Geographic
Information 

The
following table sets forth our consolidated revenue by geographic region, for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 
 Percentage
 of Revenue 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 

United States 
 45,615 
 37,791 
 32.2 
 30.4 
 7,824 
 20.7 
 
 Europe 
 45,092 
 47,309 
 31.9 
 38.1 
 (2,217 
 (4.7 
 
 Latin America 
 44,078 
 32,434 
 31.1 
 26.1 
 11,644 
 35.9 
 
 Rest of the world 
 6,743 
 6,629 
 4.8 
 5.4 
 114 
 1.7 
 
 Total revenue 
 141,528 
 124,163 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 17,365 
 14.0 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Revenue 

Revenue
was 141.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 17.4 million from the comparable period in 2021. The increase
was attributable to an increase of 8.5 million in our B2B revenues, which was driven by an increase in platform and content license
fees revenue resulting from growth in existing customers, and an increase of 8.9 million in our B2C revenues, which was attributable
to active customer growth in Latin America. 

In
Europe, our B2C revenues decreased 0.3 million as a result of our B2C revenues in Euros weakening relative to the U.S. Dollar. The
revenues presented in U.S Dollars decreased despite an increase in the underlying revenues denominated in Euros of 11.5 . The
increase in underlying Euro revenues was a result of increased customer activity. On a constant currency basis, B2C revenues increased by
 4.6 million but was offset by the unfavorable currency
effect of 4 .9 million. The B2B segment further experienced declines in its RMiG business in Europe that
resulted in an additional 2.0 million decrease in revenue. 

The
increase in revenue in the United States as compared to the prior period was the result of increased RMiG revenues within the B2B segment. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue was 41.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 0.3 million from the comparable period in 2021. The
increase was attributable to an increase of 0.6 million in our B2C operations cost of gaming revenues, which was primarily driven
by increased customer growth in Latin America. This increase was partially offset by a decrease of 0.3 million in our B2B segment, which
was primarily due to a decrease in cost of development services and other revenue as a result of lower volume of hardware sales and related
cost of revenue in the current period than in the prior year comparable period. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing expense was 28.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase 5.8 million from the comparable period in
2021. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 7.1 million in sales and marketing activities within our B2C operations in
order to attract additional end-users in Latin America. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of 1.1 million in
personnel costs, largely resulting from cost saving initiatives during the current period. 

Product
and Technology 

Product
and technology expense was 26.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 3.8 million from the comparable period
in 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to a reduction in capitalized development costs as a result of product deployment and
launches which occurred during the current period that did not occur during the prior year comparable period. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expense was 46.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 2.0 million from the comparable
period in 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by cost saving initiatives during the current period, largely resulting in a
reduction in professional fees. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Impairment 

We
recorded an impairment charge of 166.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 162.5 million from the comparable
period in 2021. 

The
market price of our publicly traded shares and resulting market capitalization
of our business has experienced a significant and sustained decline since our acquisition of Coolbet. As a result of an interim goodwill
impairment assessment we performed as of June 30, 2022 we recognized an impairment of 28.9 million to goodwill. Additionally, in December
2022, we revised our 2023 budget and long-range plan as a result of material reductions in our expected future cash flows from our B2B
segment, a strategic decision not to pursue and invest further in our original content strategy, and a re-assessment of our growth
strategy related to our B2C segment. As a result, we identified negative market indicators and trends related to the value of our reporting
units. These events and circumstances indicated impairment may be probable and an additional quantitative goodwill impairment assessment
as of December 31, 2022 was performed which resulted in impairment of goodwill of 108.0 million. We recognized total impairment to goodwill
of 136.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

These
changes to our 2023 budget and long-range plan resulted in impairment charges recognized to our intangible assets associated with our
content licensing arrangement and our capitalized software development costs of 19.1 million and 10.0 million, respectively, for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

 The
impairment charge of 3.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the termination notice we served to a third-party
content provider in January 2022, as certain conditions associated with the completion of contractual obligations had not
been satisfied by the agreed upon period in 2021. In accordance with the agreement, termination for cause results in a return of the
initial payment of 3.5 million, however we have yet to receive the initial payment back. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expense was 23.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 6.5 million from the comparable period
in 2021. Of the increase, 4.1 million was attributable to the amortization expense on intangible assets related to our
content licensing arrangement. The remaining increase was attributable to higher depreciation and amortization of new assets placed-in
service as a result of product launches that occurred during the prior year comparable period. 

Income
Tax Expense 

We
recorded income tax expense of 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflecting an effective tax rate of (2.0) , compared
to income tax benefit of 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting an effective tax rate of 0.7 . Our country of
domicile is Bermuda, which effectively has a 0 statutory tax rate as it does not impose taxes on profits, income, dividends, or capital
gains. The difference between this 0 tax rate and the effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was due
primarily to a mix of earnings in foreign jurisdictions that are subject to current tax and loss carryforwards in certain jurisdictions
that are not expected to be recognized. 

Segment
Operating Results 

We
report our operating results by segment in accordance with the management approach. The management approach designates
the internal reporting used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), who is our Chief Executive Officer, for making
decisions and assessing performance of our reportable segments. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table sets forth our segment results for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended 
 Percentage
 of 

December
 31, 
 Segment Revenue 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 

B2B 

Revenue 
 54,045 
 45,569 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 8,476 
 18.6 
 
 Cost of revenue (1) 
 11,248 
 11,600 
 20.8 
 25.5 
 (352 
 (3.0 
 
 B2B
 segment contribution 
 42,797 
 33,969 
 79.2 
 74.5 
 8,828 
 26.0 
 
 B2C 

Revenue 
 87,483 
 78,594 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 8,889 
 11.3 
 
 Cost of revenue (1) 
 30,386 
 29,773 
 34.7 
 37.9 
 613 
 2.1 
 
 B2C
 segment contribution 
 57,097 
 48,821 
 65.3 
 62.1 
 8,276 
 17.0 

(1)
 Excludes depreciation and amortization expense 

 n.m.
= not meaningful 

42 

 Table of Contents 

B2B
Segment 

B2B
revenue increased 8.5 million primarily due to an increase in platform and content license fees revenue of 6.6 million, resulting from
organic growth in existing U.S. customers. Additionally, B2B development services and other revenue increased 1.9 million, driven by
expansion into new markets, including Ontario, Canada. 

B2B
cost of revenue decreased 0.3 million primarily as a result of lower volume of hardware sales compared to the prior year period. 

Segment
contribution for B2B, which excludes depreciation and amortization expense, increased 26.0 , which was primarily driven by an
increase in platform and content license fees revenue and decreased revenues and related cost of revenue related to a higher volume of
hardware sales that occurred during the prior period than in the current period. 

B2C
Segment 

B2C
revenue increased 8.9 million primarily due to growth in the number of active customers in our Latin American markets during the current
period. 

B2C
cost of revenue increased 0.6 million, which was primarily attributable to increases in content license fees and gaming duties of 0.6
million and 0.6 million, respectively, which were driven by increased revenues. The increases were partially offset by a decrease of
 0.9 million in processing fees due to improved terms on payment processing deals. 

Segment
contribution for B2C, which excludes depreciation and amortization expense increased 17.0 . This increase was primarily driven by an
increase in gaming revenues and an increase in segment contribution margin as a result of improved terms on payment processing deals for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

Management
uses the non-GAAP measure of Adjusted EBITDA to measure its financial performance. Specifically, it uses Adjusted EBITDA (i) as a measure
to compare our operating performance from period to period, as it removes the effect of items not directly resulting from our core operations,
and (ii) as a means of assessing our core business performance against others in the industry, because it eliminates some of the effects
that are generated by differences in capital structure, depreciation, tax effects and unusual and infrequent events. 

We
define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss before interest expense (income), net, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization,
impairments, share-based compensation expense and related expense, restructuring costs, and other items which our Board of Directors
considers to be infrequent or unusual in nature. The presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be used in isolation or as a
substitute for any measure prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and Adjusted EBITDA may exclude financial information that some investors
may consider important in evaluating our performance. Because Adjusted EBITDA is not a U.S. GAAP measure, the way we define Adjusted
EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in the industry. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Below
is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure, as presented in the consolidated statements
of operations for the years specified: 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 

Net loss 
 (197,498 
 (30,594 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 3,942 
 (211 
 
 Interest expense (income), net 
 4,279 
 (30 
 
 Other income, net (1) 
 (3,000 
 (378 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 23,276 
 16,808 
 
 Share-based compensation and related expense
 (2) 
 7,262 
 8,136 
 
 Impairment (3) 
 166,010 
 3,500 
 
 Restructuring 
 1,771 

Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 6,042 
 (2,769 

(1 Other
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes a 3.0 million release of the contingent liability that was initially
recognized upon execution of the amendment to an agreement with a content provider. See Note 3 - Acquisition in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements for further details. Other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consists of
a research and development tax credit of 0.4 million. 

(2) Includes
 7.6 million and 7.9 million in equity-classified expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 0.1
million and 0.4 million in liability-classified expense, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts
excluded capitalized amounts. Refer to Note 9 Share-based Compensation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
for further details. 

(3) Includes
impairment to (i) goodwill of 136.9 million, (ii) intangible assets of 19.1 million, and (iii) capitalized software development
costs of 10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 5 Capitalized Software Development Costs, net and
Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. Includes
 3.5 million related to an initial content license payment for the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 16. Commitments and
Contingencies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details. 

Key
Performance Indicators 

Our
management uses the following key performance indicators KPIs as indicators of trends and results of the business. These
KPIs give our management an indication of the level of engagement between the player and the Company s platforms. No estimation
is necessary in quantifying these KPIs, nor do they represent U.S. GAAP based measurements. These KPIs are subject to various risks such
as customer concentration, competition, licensing and regulation, and macroeconomic conditions. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors 
for further risks associated with our business which would affect these KPIs. 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 B2B Gross Operator Revenue (in
 millions) 
 1,224.4 
 921.1 
 303.3 
 32.9 
 
 B2B Take Rate 
 4.4 
 4.9 
 (0.5 
 N/A 
 
 B2C Active Customers (in thousands) 
 559 
 394 
 165 
 41.9 
 
 B2C Marketing Spend Ratio 
 21 
 15 
 6.0 
 N/A 
 
 B2C Sports Margin 
 6.9 
 6.8 
 0.1 
 N/A 

B2B
Gross Operator Revenue 

We
define B2B Gross Operator Revenue as the sum of our B2B corporate customers gross revenue from SIM, gross gaming revenue from
RMiG, and gross sports wins from sportsbook offerings. B2B Gross Operator Revenue, which is not comparable to financial information
presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP, gives management and users of our financial statements an indication of the extent of
transactions processed through our B2B corporate customers platforms and allows management to understand the extent of
activity that our platform is processing. 

The
increase in Gross Operator Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was driven
primarily by new client launches in the United States as a result of organic growth and expansion into Ontario, Canada. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

B2B
Take Rate 

We
define B2B Take Rate as a quotient of B2B segment revenue retained by the Company over the total Gross Operator Revenue generated by
our B2B corporate customers. B2B Take Rate gives management and users of our financial statements an indication of the impact of the
statutory terms and the efficiency of the commercial terms on the business. 

The
decrease in B2B Take Rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was driven by a
shift in the relative amounts of revenue from SIM and RMiG in Italy to RMiG from U.S. states that inherently have a lower take rates
due to higher taxes, specifically Pennsylvania and Michigan, and promotional bonus spend. 

B2C
Active Customers 

We
define B2C Active Customers as a user that places a wager during the period. This metric allows management to monitor the customer segmentation,
growth drivers, and ultimately creates opportunities to identify and add value to the user experience. This metric allows management
and users of the financial statements to measure the platform traffic and track related trends. 

The
increase in B2C Active Customers for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was
primarily attributable to an uptick in business activity throughout the current period. This can be attributed to a combination of
increased marketing expenditures throughout the year, as well as organic growth across all regions, with a particular emphasis on
Latin America. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company experienced a significant surge in business activity across all
markets, largely due to the World Cup 2022. This increased activity resulted in an all-time high in active customer count.
Specifically, during the fourth quarter as the World Cup took place, the Company observed a monthly average of active customer count
that was over 40 higher than the average for the rest of the year. 

B2C
Marketing Spend Ratio 

We
define B2C Marketing Spend Ratio as the total B2C direct marketing expense for the period divided by the total B2C revenues. This metric
allows management to measure the success of marketing costs during a given period. Additionally, this metric allows management to compare
across jurisdictions and other subsets, as an additional indication of return on marketing investment. 

The
increase in B2C Marketing Spend Ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily
driven by increased marketing spend in Latin America, and Ontario, Canada. In Latin America, we invested in developing greater
brand awareness through several marketing initiatives and sponsorships and the Ontario, Canada, market required higher acquisition spend
due to increased competition in a newly regulated jurisdiction. 

B2C
Sports Margin 

We
define B2C Sports Margin as the ratio of wagers minus winnings to total amount wagered, adjusted for open wagers at period end. Sports
betting involves a user placing a bet on the outcome of a sporting event with the chance to win a pre-determined amount, often referred
to as fixed odds. Our B2C sportsbook revenue is generated by setting odds that are intended to provide a built-in theoretical margin
in each sports bet offered to our users. This metric allows management to measure sportsbook performance against its expected outcome. 

The
increase in B2C Sports Margin for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily driven
by an overall increase in business volumes, with a particular emphasis on Latin America. The region s share of turnover increased,
and due to its higher margin, this led to a slight increase in the weighted average of B2C sports margin. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 274.9 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss
of 197.5 million, which primarily related to impairment of (i) goodwill 136.9 million), (ii) intangible assets 19.1 million), and
(iii) capitalized software development costs 10.0 million). We used 1.2 million of cash in operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash on hand totaled
 45.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and liabilities to users totaled 10.7 million as of December 31, 2022. 

Since
our inception, we have primarily funded our operations through cash generated from operations, cash generated from financing activities including our U.S. initial public offering and term credit facility, and cash on hand. In May 2020, we completed
our U.S. initial public offering under which we sold an aggregate of 7,337,000 ordinary shares for net proceeds of 57.4 million and
in December 2020, we conducted a follow-on offering under which we sold 6,790,956 ordinary shares for net proceeds of 98.5 million.
In January 2021, we completed the acquisition of Coolbet for a purchase price of 218.1 million, including the issuance of 5,260,516
ordinary shares, replacement equity-based awards valued at 0.3 million and cash of 111.1 million, which was funded from the follow-on
offering proceeds and available cash on hand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1.0 million of our own shares
as we believed our share price was undervalued and did not reflect the long-term opportunities ahead of us. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

In April 2022, we entered into
a 30.0 million term credit facility with net proceeds of 27.6 million (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility contains
affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenants associated with our financial results. The financial covenants
test periods begin on March 31, 2023. We were in compliance with all financial covenants as of December 31, 2022, however given our cash
flow and net losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, historical performance, and reasonably estimable near-term future cash flows,
it is possible that we could violate financial covenants in the future which could trigger an acceleration of all amounts due and the
termination of commitments under the Credit Facility. 

On April 13, 2023, we
executed agreements to amend the Credit Facility to waive all events of default, amend certain financial covenants, assign the
rights to the Credit Facility from our existing lender to a third party, and increase the principal balance from 30.0 million to
 42.0 million with accrued paid in-kind PIK interest of 8.0 per year (together, forming the Amended Credit
Facility ). The Amended Credit Facility becomes effective upon cash settlement of payments initiated on April 13, 2023, which
is probable to occur within one week of initiation and would represent a cure of any events of default under the Credit Facility and
thereby prevent any amounts from becoming due and payable under the Credit Facility s subjective acceleration clause. The
Amended Credit Facility contains a financial covenant, among other covenants, requiring minimum liquidity of 10.0 million. Refer to
Note 17 Subsequent Events in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail with
respect to the Amended Credit Facility. 

In the fourth quarter of 2022, we initiated plans to address our liquidity
needs and improve our operations and cash position primarily by (i) reducing and deferring personnel and operational costs for non-strategic
initiatives, (ii) amending the Credit Facility to reduce cash interest obligations and amend financial covenants, (iii) identifying sources
of additional capital, (iv) continuing investment in the growth areas of our consolidated operations, (v) continuing our cost saving initiatives
first implemented during the year ended December 31, 2022, and (vi) initiating a strategic review process to assess a range of strategic
alternatives. 

In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Going Concern, we have evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered
in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date after the
accompanying consolidated financial statement to this Report are issued. The Company s current financial condition, liquidity resources,
and planned near-term cash flows from operations are sensitive to changes in macro-economic conditions and the substantial variability
inherent in the Company s wager-based revenues streams. These factors along with the potential covenant breaches are indicators
that raise uncertainty related to the ability of the Company to meet its current obligations as they come due, however we believe that
the Amended Credit Facility and intent and ability to complete the remaining cost mitigation plans mitigate this concern and alleviate
this uncertainty. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue
as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course
of business. 

To the extent that our current
resources, including our ability to generate operating cash flows, are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek additional
equity or debt financing. Our ability to do so depends on prevailing economic conditions and other factors, many of which are beyond
our control. We do not currently have any such credit facilities or similar debt arrangements in place, outside of the Amended Credit
Facility as described above, and cannot provide any assurance as to the availability or terms of any future financing that we may require
to support our operations. If the needed financing is not available, or if the terms of financing are less desirable than we expect,
we may be forced to decrease our level of investment in new products and technologies, discontinue further expansion of our business,
scale back our existing operations, or divest of assets, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial prospects. 

Material
Cash Commitments 

Our
primary uses of cash include funding our ongoing working capital needs, content licensing discussed below, and developing and maintaining
our proprietary software platforms. Such capital allocations are contemplated while considering other opportunities we may have to deploy
our capital. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into a Content Licensing Agreement and in April 2022 we amended the Content Licensing
Agreement (together the Agreement with a third-party gambling content provider specializing in developing and
licensing interactive games. The Agreement grants us exclusive right to use and distribute the online gaming content in North
America. The content provider is committed to developing a minimum number of games for our exclusive use over the five-year term,
subject to extensions. In exchange, we are required to pay fixed fees, totaling 30.0 million, of which 5.0 million was due upon
execution of the Agreement, and the remaining fixed fees are paid systematically over the initial five-year term. Additional
payments could be required if our total revenue generated from the licensed content exceeds certain stipulated annual and cumulative
thresholds during the contract term. In March 2023 the Company amended and restated its Content Licensing Agreement with the Content
Provider which resulted in a reduced contract term and a reduction in the fixed fees payable under the arrangement by 15 million.
Refer to Note 17 Subsequent Events in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail. 

The
execution of our growth strategy will require continued significant capital expenditures, and we expect to continue investing in our
products and technologies as we seek to scale our business. Specifically, the key elements of our growth strategy include, but are not
limited to, our continued rollout of GAN Sports with existing and new customers in regulated U.S. states, expansion of our international
B2C operations, and the launch of regulated gaming in new U.S. states. 

We
utilized cash in investing activities of 19.1 million and 106.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Of these activities, 92.7 million related to the cash paid for the acquisition of Coolbet for the year ended December 31, 2021. We made
payments during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to content licensing fees of 6.0 million. Expenditures related to purchases
of gaming licenses represented 1.1 million and 0.4 million, respectively, internally developed capitalized software represented 10.1
million and 11.6 million, respectively, and property and equipment (including licenses for internal use software) represented 1.9
million and 1.9 million, respectively. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Cash
Flow Analysis 

A
summary of our operating, investing and financing activities is shown in the following table: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 Change 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,249 
 (5,003 
 3,754 
 (75.0 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (19,103 
 (106,674 
 87,571 
 (82.1 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 27,448 
 169 
 27,279 
 n.m. 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash 
 (653 
 (1,669 
 1,016 
 (60.9 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 6,443 
 (113,177 
 119,620 
 n.m. 

n.m.
= not meaningful 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities decreased 3.8 million primarily resulting from a decrease in net loss after adjustments to
reconcile net loss to cash flows from operations of 4.8 million and a favorable fluctuation in working capital of 1.9 million.
Additionally, we made interest payments of 2.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to our Credit
Facility. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities decreased 87.6 million primarily as a result of 92.7 million cash paid for the acquisition of Coolbet
during the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily offset by increases of 6.0 million in cash payments to third-party
gambling content providers for the rights to use and distribute their online gaming content in North America, and an increase of 0.7
million in cash payments for gaming licenses in anticipation of new jurisdictional launches, and 1.5 million in spend for capitalized
software development costs primarily related to product enhancements, and new features for both the B2B and B2C platforms. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities increased by 27.3 million primarily due to 27.6 million net cash proceeds associated with the
Credit Facility, net of issuance costs, as well as 0.6 million in offering cost payments made in the prior period related to our acquisition
of Coolbet which did not occur in the current period. These amounts were partially offset by our use of 1.0 million related to our share
repurchase program during the current period. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide the information required
by this Item. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 GAN
Limited 

Irvine, California 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GAN Limited (a Bermuda corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April
14, 2023 

48 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

GAN
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Capitalized software development costs, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued content license fees 

Liabilities to users 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Long-term debt 

Content licensing liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shareholders equity 

Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

GAN
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Operating costs and expenses 

Cost of revenue (1) 

Sales and marketing 

Product and technology 

General and administrative (1) 

Impairment 

Restructuring 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other loss (income), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

GAN
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

GAN
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in
thousands, except share amounts) 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Share-based compensation 

Restricted share activity 

Repurchase of restricted shares
 to pay tax liability 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of share
 options 

Issuance of ordinary shares as
 partial consideration in Coolbet acquisition 

Fair value
 of replacement equity awards issued as consideration in Coolbet acquisition 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Share-based compensation 

Accrued liability settled through
 issuance of shares 

Restricted share activity 

Repurchase of restricted shares to pay tax liability (Note 9) 

Repurchases of ordinary shares 

Ordinary share retirement 

Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of share
 options 

Issuance
 of ordinary shares upon ESPP purchases 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

GAN
LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of software and intangible assets 

Depreciation on property and equipment and finance lease right-of-use assets 

Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs 

Share-based compensation expense 

Deferred income tax 

Impairment 

Change in contingent consideration 

Other 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued content license fees 

Liabilities to users 

Other current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired 

Expenditures for capitalized software development costs 

Payments for content licensing arrangements 

Purchases of gaming licenses 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Payments of offering costs 

Proceeds from exercise of share options 

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares upon ESPP purchase 

Principal payments on finance leases 

Repurchases of ordinary shares 

Repurchase of restricted shares to pay tax liability 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Intangible assets acquired in business acquisition included in current and long-term liabilities 

Accrued liability settled through issuance of shares 

Ordinary shares issued as partial consideration to acquire all the outstanding shares of Coolbet 

Issuance of unvested share options in exchange for unvested share options of Coolbet 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

GAN
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

million, with cash of 
million and liabilities to users of 
million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 
million, which primarily related to impairment of (i) goodwill 
million), (ii) intangible assets 
million), and (iii) capitalized software development costs 
million). Refer to Note 5 Capitalized Software Development Costs, net and
Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets. The Company used 
million of cash in operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. In April 2022, a subsidiary of the Company entered into a
 
million term credit facility with net proceeds of 
million (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants, including certain
financial covenants associated with our financial results. The financial covenants test periods begin on March 31, 2023. The Company
was in compliance with all financial covenants associated with its Credit Facility as
of December 31, 2022, however given the Company s cash flow and net losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, historical
performance, and reasonably estimable near-term future cash flows, it is possible that the Company could violate financial
covenants in the future which could trigger an acceleration of all amounts due and the termination of commitments under the Credit
Facility. 

Additionally, the Company s
current financial condition, liquidity resources and planned near-term cash flows from operations are sensitive to changes in macro-economic
conditions and the substantial variability inherent in the Company s wager-based revenues streams. These factors along with the
potential covenant breaches indicate uncertainty related to the ability of the Company to meet its current obligations as they come due. 

In the fourth quarter of 2022,
the Company initiated plans to address its liquidity needs and improve its operations and cash position primarily by (i) reducing and
deferring personnel and operational costs for non-strategic initiatives, (ii) amending the Credit Facility to reduce cash interest obligations
and amend financial covenants, (iii) identifying sources of additional capital, (iv) continuing investment in the growth areas of the
Company s consolidated operations, (v) continuing cost saving initiatives first implemented during the year ended December 31, 2022,
and (vi) initiating a strategic review process to assess a range of strategic alternatives. 

On April 13, 2023, a
subsidiary of the Company executed agreements to amend the Credit Facility to waive all events of default, amend certain financial
covenants, assign the rights to the Credit Facility from its existing lender to a third party, and increase the principal balance
from 
million to 
million with accrued paid in-kind PIK interest of 
per year (together, forming the Amended Credit Facility ). The Amended Credit Facility becomes effective upon cash
settlement of payments initiated on April 13, 2023, which is probable to occur within one week of initiation and would represent a
cure of any events of default under the Credit Facility and thereby prevent any amounts from becoming due and payable under the
Credit Facility s subjective acceleration clause. The Amended Credit Facility contains a financial covenant, among other
covenants, requiring minimum liquidity of 
million. Refer to Note 17 Subsequent Events for further detail. Management believes the executed Amended Credit Facility and intent and ability to complete the remaining cost mitigation plans alleviate
uncertainty regarding the ability to meet its current obligations as they come due. 

To the extent that the Company s
current resources, including its ability to generate operating cash flows, are insufficient to satisfy its cash requirements, the Company
may seek additional equity or debt financing. The Company s ability to do so depends on prevailing economic conditions and other
factors, many of which are beyond management s control. The Company does not currently have any such credit facilities or similar
debt arrangements in place, outside of the Amended Credit Facility as described above, and cannot provide any assurance as to the availability
or terms of any future financing that it may require to support its operations. If the needed financing is not available, or if the terms
of financing are less desirable than expected, the Company may be forced to decrease its level of investment in new products and technologies,
discontinue further expansion of the business, scale back its existing operations, or divest of assets, any of which could have an adverse
impact on the Company and its financial prospects. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million,
which are subject to local banking laws and may bear higher or lower risk than cash deposited in the United States. Cash held in the
United States is maintained in a major financial institution in excess of federally insured limits. As part of our cash management processes,
the Company performs periodic evaluations of the credit standing of the financial institutions and we have not sustained any credit losses
from instruments held at these financial institutions. Additionally, the Company maintains an allowance for potential credit losses,
but historically has not experienced any significant losses related to individual customers or groups of customers in any particular
geographic area. 

GAN
LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

million. 

The
Company s promise to provide the RMiG SaaS platform and content licensing services on the hosted software is a single
performance obligation. This performance obligation is recognized over time, as the Company provides services to its customers in
its delivery of services to the player end user. The Company s customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits
provided by the Company as it delivers services to its customers. Usage based fees are considered variable consideration as the
service is to provide unlimited continuous access to its hosted application and usage of the hosted system is primarily controlled
by the player end user. The transaction price includes fixed and variable consideration and is billed monthly with the amount due
generally thirty days from the date of the invoice. Variable consideration is allocated entirely to the period in which
consideration is earned as the variable amounts relate specifically to the customer s usage of the platform that day and
allocating the usage-based fees to each day is consistent with the allocation objective, primarily that the change in amounts
reflect the changing value to the customer. The Company s internet gaming system, game content, support and marketing services
are provided equally throughout the term of the contract. These services are made up of a daily requirement to provide access and
use of the internet gaming system and optional support and marketing services to the customer over the same period of time. The series of distinct services represents a single performance
obligation that is satisfied over time. 

Purchases
of virtual credits within a transaction period on the SIM platform, generally a monthly convention, are earned over time, and are
typically billed monthly upon the close of the respective period as the credit has no monetary value, cannot be redeemed, exchanged,
transferred or withdrawn, represents solely a device for tracking game play during the month, does not obligate the Company to
provide future services and the arrangements with the customer and player end user have no substantive termination penalty. In
certain service agreements with its SIM customers, the fees collected by the Company from third-party payment processors for the
purchases of in-game virtual credits made by end-users include the SIM customer s portion. The Company records the SIM
customer s portion as a liability as cash is collected and remits payment to the SIM customer for their share of the SIM
revenues monthly. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded a liability due to its customers for their share of the fees of
 
and ,
respectively, within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company uses third-party content providers in supplying game content in its performance of providing game content on its platform to
its customers. A customer has access to the Company s propriety and licensed game content and additionally, the customer can direct
the Company to procure third-party game content on its behalf. The Company has determined it acts as the principal for providing the
game content when the Company controls the game content, and therefore presents the revenue on a gross basis in the consolidated statements
of operations. When the customer directs the Company to procure third-party game content, the Company determined it is deemed an agent
for providing such game content, and therefore, records the revenue, net of the costs of content license fees, in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

The
Company also provides ongoing development services involving updates to the RMiG platforms for enhanced functionality or
customization. Ongoing development services are typically billed monthly, at a daily rate, for services performed. Revenue from RMiG
platform development services that are identified as distinct performance obligations and enhance or create an asset the customer
controls as the Company performs the services are recognized over time as services are performed. This revenue is measured using an
input method based on effort expended, which uses direct labor hours incurred. These services have primarily related to post-launch
development of third-party application integration software in the customer s environment. Separately, the revenue generated from
customers for development services that are distinct performance obligations and the customer benefits from the integrated SaaS
offering are deferred over the license service term. These services have primarily related to enhancements to the Company s
platforms that do not enhance or create an asset the customer controls. In customer contracts that require a portion of the
consideration to be received in advance, or at the commencement of the contract, such amounts are recorded as a contract
liability. 

Other
services include the resale of a third-party computer hardware, such as servers and other related hardware devices, upon which the GameSTACK
software is installed for its customers. These products are not required to be purchased in order to access the GameSTACK platform but
are sold as a convenience to the customer. The Company procures the computer hardware on the customer s behalf for a fee determined
based on cost of the computer hardware plus a markup. The Company charges a hardware deployment fee which is a one-time fee for installation,
testing and certification of the computer hardware at the gaming hosting facility. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when control
of the hardware transfers to the customer. Control is transferred after the hardware has been procured, delivered, installed at the customer s
premises and configured to allow for remote access. 

The
Company has determined that it is acting as the principal in providing computer hardware and related services as it assumes responsibility
for procuring, delivering, installing and configuring the hardware at the customer s location and takes control of the hardware,
prior to transfer. Revenue is presented at the gross amount of consideration to which it is entitled from the customer in exchange for
the computer hardware and related services. 

The
Company generates revenue from time to time from the licensing of its U.S. patent, which governs the linkage of on-property reward cards
to their counterpart internet gaming accounts together with bilateral transmission of reward points between the internet gaming technology
system and the land-based casino management system present in all U.S. casino properties. The nature of the promise in transferring the
license is to provide a right to use the patent as it exists. The Company does not have to undertake activities to change the functionality
of the patent during the license period and the license has significant stand-alone functionality. Therefore, the Company recognizes
the revenue from the license of the patent, at the point in time when control of the license is transferred to the customer. Control
is determined to transfer at the point in time the customer is able to use and benefit from the license. 

Contracts
with Multiple Performance Obligations 

For
customer contracts that have more than one performance obligation, the transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations
in an amount that depicts the relative stand-alone selling prices of each performance obligation. Judgment is required in determining
the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation. In determining the allocation of the transaction price, an entity is required
to maximize the use of observable inputs. When the stand-alone selling price of a good or service is not directly observable, an entity
is required to estimate the stand-alone selling price. Contracts with its customers may include platform and licensing of game content
services, as well as development services and computer hardware services. The variable consideration generated from the platform and
the licensing of game content is allocated entirely to the performance obligations for platform and licensing of game content services
and the remaining fixed fees for development services and computer hardware would be allocated to each of the remaining performance obligation
based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. The variable consideration relates entirely to the effort to satisfy the platform
and licensing game content services and the fixed consideration relates to the remaining performance obligations which is consistent
with the allocation objective. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Revenue
from Gaming Operations 

The
Company operates the B2C gaming site www.coolbet.com outside of the U.S., which contains proprietary software and includes the following
product offerings: sportsbook, poker, casino, live casino and virtual sports. 

The
Company manages an online sportsbook allowing users to place various types of wagers on the outcome of sporting events conducted around
the world. The Company operates as the bookmaker and offers fixed odds wagering on such events. When a user s wager wins, the Company
pays the user a pre-determined amount known as fixed odds. Revenue from online sportsbook is reported net after deduction of player winnings
and bonuses. Revenue from wagers is recognized when the outcome of the event is known. 

The
Company offers live casino through its digital online casino offering in select markets, allowing users to place a wager and play games
virtually at retail casinos. The Company offers users a catalog of over third-party iGaming products such as digital slot machines
and table games such as blackjack and roulette. Revenue from casino games is reported net after deduction of winnings, jackpot contribution
and customer bonuses. 

Peer-to-peer
poker offerings allow users to play poker against one another on the Company s online poker platform for prize money. Revenue is
recognized as a percentage of the reported rake. Additionally, the Company offers tournament poker which allows users to buy-in for a
fixed price for prize money. For tournament play, revenue is recognized for the difference between the entry fees collected and the amounts
paid out to users as prizes and winnings. 

In
each of the online gaming products, a single performance obligation exists at the time a wager is made to operate the games and award
prizes or payouts to users based on a particular outcome. Revenue is recognized at the conclusion of each contest, wager, or wagering
game hand. Additionally, certain incentives given to users, for example, that allow the user to make an additional wager at a reduced
price, may provide the user with a material right which gives rise to a separate performance obligation. 

The
Company allocates a portion of the user s wager to incentives that create material rights that are redeemed or expired in the future.
The allocated revenue for gaming wagers is primarily recognized when the wagers occur because all such wagers settle immediately. 

The
Company applies a practical expedient by accounting for revenue from gaming on a portfolio basis because such wagers have similar characteristics,
and the Company reasonably expects the effects on the financial statements of applying the revenue recognition guidance to the portfolio
to not differ materially from that which would result if applying the guidance to an individual wagering contract. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

and , respectively. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Provision for expected credit losses 

Write-offs, net of recoveries 

Ending balance 

million. The Company performed an additional
qualitative assessment as of September 30, 2022 to determine whether events or circumstances such as those described in ASC 350-20-35-3C
existed and concluded that, due to the significant and sustained decline in share price and market capitalization of the Company since
the Coolbet acquisition, such triggers existed during the current interim period; therefore, an interim quantitative impairment test
was performed. The Company did not recognize an additional impairment to goodwill as a result of its interim impairment test as of September
30, 2022, nor as a result of its annual impairment test as of October 1, 2022. 

In
December 2022, the Company revised its 2023 budget and long-term plan as a result of material reductions in its expected future
cash flows from its B2B segment, a strategic decision not to pursue and invest further in its original content strategy, and a
re-assessment of its growth strategy related to its B2C segment. As a result, the Company identified negative market indicators and
trends related to the value of its reporting units. These events and circumstances indicated impairment may be probable and an additional quantitative goodwill impairment assessment as of December
31, 2022 was performed. 

The
Company estimated the fair value of all reporting units utilizing both a market approach and an income approach (discounted cash flow)
and the significant assumptions used to measure fair value include discount rate, terminal value factors, revenue and EBITDA multiples,
and control premiums. 

The
income approach used to test the Company s reporting units includes the projection of estimated operating results and cash flows,
discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital WACC that reflects current market conditions appropriate to each
reporting unit. Those projections involve the Company s best estimates of economic and market conditions over the projected
period, including growth rates in revenues and costs and best estimates of future expected changes in operating margins and cash
expenditures. Other significant assumptions and estimates used in the income approach include terminal value growth rates, future
estimates of capital expenditures and changes in future working capital requirements. In addition, the WACC utilized to discount
estimated future cash flows is sensitive to changes in interest rates and other market rates in place at the time the assessment is
performed. 

The market approach used to test the Company s reporting units included the review of revenue and EBITDA multiples from other publicly
traded companies in the industry used to derive their enterprise values and the application of those multiples to the relevant earnings
streams within each reportable segment of the Company. 

The
Company confirmed the reasonableness of the estimated reporting unit fair values under the income and market approaches by
reconciling those fair values to its enterprise value and market capitalization. Data points from other market participants were
additionally used which indicated that the lower end of valuation ranges related to our B2C segment may be indicated until regulatory
uncertainties were clarified. 

As
a result of its impairment test performed as of December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an impairment to goodwill of million.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized total impairment to goodwill of million. such
impairment was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

million and 
million, respectively. There were no such triggering events during the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 5 
Capitalized Software Development Costs, net and Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further detail. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Reduction in fair value of contingent consideration 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

GAN
LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

million, of which 
million was due during the year ended December 31, 2022 with 
million due in each of the years 2023 through 2025. Fixed fee payments are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of
cash flows as payments for content licensing arrangements within cash flows from investing activities. Additional payments could be
required if the Company s total revenue generated from the arrangement exceed certain stipulated annual and cumulative
thresholds during the contract term. 

The
amended and restated Agreement is accounted for as a business combination as the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed under the
arrangement constitute a business in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. Consideration transferred is comprised of the present
value of the Company s total expected fixed payments under the Agreement, the net assets recognized under the original agreement,
as well as a contingent consideration. 

Net assets recognized under original agreement 

Contingent consideration 

Total 

The
contingent consideration represents additional amounts which the Company expects to pay to the Content Provider if the Company s
total revenue generated from the arrangement exceed certain stipulated annual and cumulative thresholds during the contract term. The
maximum amount of the payment is unlimited as it is determined based on the Company s performance over the related games revenue
over the arrangement term. The fair value of the contingent consideration is determined using Level 3 inputs, since estimating the fair
value of this contingent consideration requires the use of significant and subjective inputs that may and are likely to change over the
duration of the liability with related changes in internally generated anticipated games revenue as well as external market factors.
The contingent consideration was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation based on management s anticipated annual games revenue forecasts. 

Identifiable
assets and liabilities assumed at fair value were entirely comprised of intangible assets acquired as part of the content licensing
arrangement. The fair values of intangible assets were estimated using inputs classified as Level 3 under the income approach using
either the royalty income method (content licenses) or the multi-period excess earnings method (customer relationships). In December
2022, the Company finalized its purchase price allocation which resulted in a measurement period adjustment to the initial amounts
recorded, including a decrease to the contingent liability by .
Additionally, there was an adjustment to decrease the values assigned to the content licenses intangible asset and the customer
relationship intangible asset by 
and ,
respectively, and to derecognize the acquired right of use lease asset and liability assumed, totaling .
The changes in the value of the intangible assets resulted in a decrease in amortization expense of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Customer relationships intangible asset 

Total identifiable net assets 

In
addition to these assets acquired, a service contract was entered into with the Content Provider valued at approximately million
which will be expensed over the service period of approximately . 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

- 

Platform hardware 

Total property and equipment, cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense related to property and equipment was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Development in progress 

Total capitalized software development, cost 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total 

In
December 2022, the Company revised its 2023 budget and long-range plan as a result of material reductions in its expected future
cash flows from its B2B segment, a strategic decision not to pursue and invest further in its original content strategy, and a
re-assessment of its growth strategy related to its B2C segment. In connection with these initiatives, the Company began planning to
sunset certain of its legacy GameSTACK technology (the Legacy Technology following the launch of GAN Sports and the
rollout of newer GameSTACK technology developed after its acquisition of Coolbet. These events and circumstances indicated that the carrying amount of the Company s capitalized development costs may not be
recoverable and the Company tested these long-lived assets for impairment. 

The
Company compared the undiscounted cash flows expected from capitalized development cost asset groups over their remaining useful
lives and determined the Legacy Technology was not recoverable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an
impairment to its capitalized software development costs of 
million. This amount represented the full carrying amount of its Legacy Technology assets as the Company determined the fair value
of these assets to be zero due to significant uncertainties surrounding the Company s ability to market and sell the Legacy
Technology to external market participants. There was no such impairment to capitalized development costs during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, development in progress primarily represents costs associated
with GAN Sports, costs associated with its newer GameSTACK technology, and enhancements to the Company s proprietary B2C software platform. 

Amortization
expense related to capitalized software development costs was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Impairment 

Effect of foreign currency translation 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1 and monitors for interim triggering events on an ongoing basis as
events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount. Goodwill is reviewed
for impairment utilizing either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Due to the significant and sustained
decline in share price and market capitalization of the Company since the Coolbet acquisition, interim quantitative goodwill impairment
assessments were performed as of June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. 

The
Company estimated the fair value of all reporting units utilizing both a market approach and an income approach (discounted cash flow)
and the significant assumptions used to measure fair value include discount rate, terminal value factors, revenue and EBITDA multiples,
and control premiums. The Company confirmed the reasonableness of the estimated reporting unit fair values by reconciling those fair
values to its enterprise value and market capitalization. As a result of its interim impairment test performed as of June 30, 2022, the
Company recognized an impairment to goodwill of million. The Company did not recognize an additional impairment to goodwill as
a result of its interim impairment test as of September 30, 2022, nor as a result of its annual impairment test as of October 1, 2022. 

In
December 2022, the Company revised its 2023 budget and long-term plan as a result of material reductions in its expected future cash
flows from its B2B segment, a strategic decision not to pursue and invest further in its original content strategy, and a
re-assessment of its growth strategy related to its B2C segment. As a result, the Company identified negative market indicators and
trends related to the value of its reporting units which resulted in a downward revision to its 2023 budget and long-range plan.
These events and circumstances indicated impairment may be probable and an additional quantitative goodwill impairment assessment as
of December 31, 2022 was performed. 

The
Company estimated the fair value of all reporting units utilizing both a market approach and an income approach (discounted cash flow)
and the significant assumptions used to measure fair value include discount rate, terminal value factors, revenue and EBITDA multiples,
and control premiums. The Company confirmed the reasonableness of the estimated reporting unit fair values by reconciling those fair
values to its enterprise value and market capitalization. As a result of its additional impairment test performed as of December 31,
2022, the Company recognized an additional impairment to goodwill of million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized total impairment to goodwill of million. such impairment was recognized
during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Intangible
Assets 

Customer relationships 

Trade names and trademarks 

Gaming licenses 

Period (in years) 
 Amount 
 Amortization 
 Amount 

Weighted 
 December 31, 2021 

Average 
 Gross 

Amortization 
 Carrying 
 Accumulated 
 Net Carrying 

Period (in years) 
 Amount 
 Amortization 
 Amount 
 
 Developed technology 

In-process technology 

Customer relationships 

Trade names and trademarks 

Gaming licenses 

In-process
technology consisted of a proprietary technical platform which was under development at the time of acquisition until its completion
in September 2022. Following its completion and the launch of GAN Sports, the developed technology was placed in service and is currently
being amortized over an estimated useful life of years. 

In
March 2023 the Company amended and restated its Content Licensing Agreement with the Content Provider which resulted in a reduced contract
term. Accordingly, the Company evaluated the ongoing value of the intangible assets associated with its content licensing arrangement.
Based on this evaluation, the Company determined that the third-party content licenses with a carrying amount of 
 million were no longer recoverable and wrote
them down in full. Additionally, the Company determined that the related customer relationships intangible assets with a carrying amount
of 
 million were no longer recoverable and wrote
them down to their estimated fair value of 
 million. Fair value was based on the expected
future cash flows using Level 3 inputs under ASC 820 as well as expected contract term. The cash flows are those expected to be generated
by the market participants, discounted at the risk-free rate of interest. Because negotiations have not yet concluded, it is reasonable
possible that the estimate of the expected future cash flows may change in the near term resulting in the need to adjust the determination
of fair value. 

Amortization
expense related to intangible assets was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

million in aggregate principal amount of secured term loans with a floating interest rate of 3-month SOFR (subject to a 
floor) + . The Credit Facility matures on and is fully guaranteed by the Company. There are no scheduled principal
payments due under the Credit Facility until maturity. Interest payments are payable in arrears on the last business day of each calendar
quarter and at the maturity date. 

The
Company incurred million in debt issuance costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the Credit Facility,
which have been recorded as a direct reduction against the debt and amortized over the life of the associated debt as a component of
interest expense using the effective interest method. The net funds received from the Credit Facility, after deducting debt issuance
costs, was million. 

Debt
Covenants 

The Credit Facility contains
affirmative and negative covenants, including certain financial covenants associated with the Company s financial results. The
negative covenants include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, certain merger and acquisition transactions,
asset sales and other dispositions, other investments, dividends, share purchases and payments affecting subsidiaries, changes in nature
of business, fiscal year or organizational documents, transactions with affiliates, and other matters. The financial covenants first
test period is on March 31, 2023. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants as of December 31, 2022, however given the
Company s cash flow and net losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, historical performance, and reasonably estimable near-term future
cash flows, it is possible that the Company could violate financial covenants in the future. 

The
Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including, among others: non-payments of principal and interest; breach of representations
and warranties; covenant defaults; the existence of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings; certain events under ERISA; gaming license
revocations in material jurisdictions; material judgments; and a change of control. If an event of default occurs and is not cured within
any applicable grace period or is not waived, the administrative agent and the lender are entitled to take various actions, including,
without limitation, the acceleration of all amounts due and the termination of commitments under the Credit Facility. 

Subsequent Amendment 

On April 13, 2023, a
subsidiary of the Company executed agreements to amend the Credit Facility to waive all events of default, amend certain financial
covenants, assign the rights to the Credit Facility from its existing lender to a third party, and increase the principal balance
from 
million to 
million with accrued paid in-kind PIK interest of 
per year (together, forming the Amended Credit Facility ). The Amended Credit Facility becomes effective upon cash
settlement of payments initiated on April 13, 2023, which is probable to occur within one week of initiation, and would represent a
cure of any events of default under the Credit Facility and thereby prevent any amounts from becoming due and payable under the
Credit Facility s subjective acceleration clause. Refer to Note 17 Subsequent Events for further detail of the Amended Credit
Facility. 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs 

Long-term debt, net 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred in interest expense, of which relates to the amortization of debt
issuance costs. 

million ordinary shares, par value per share. Holders of ordinary shares
are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of ordinary shares. In addition, the ordinary shares
have no right to redemption, conversion or sinking fund rights. Each ordinary share is entitled to dividends if, as and when dividends
are declared by the Board of Directors and subject to a resolution of members, subject to the rights of any other class of shares (if
any) and to the provisions of the Bermuda Companies Act. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of ordinary
shares are entitled to share equally and ratably in the assets, if any, remaining after the payment of debt and liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 
and ordinary
shares for the exercise of share options for gross proceeds of 
and ,
respectively. 

2021
Share Repurchase Program 

On
May 31, 2022, the Board of Directors re-authorized and extended the share repurchase program initially authorized on November 30, 2021,
which permitted the Company to purchase up to million of the Company s outstanding ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The Company was not obligated to acquire any particular number of shares and repurchases were able to be suspended or terminated at any
time. In June 2022, the Company repurchased shares for at a total cost of million. Repurchases were executed through
open market purchases at the prevailing market price at the time of purchase. The share repurchase program expired on November 3, 2022. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

ordinary shares, which then increases
through 2029, by the lesser of of the previous year s total outstanding ordinary shares on December 31st or as determined by
the Board of Directors, for ordinary shares, incentive share options, nonqualified share options, share appreciation rights, restricted
share grants, share units, and other equity awards for issuance to employees, consultants or non-employee directors. At December 31,
2022, the 2020 Plan provided for grants of up to ordinary shares and there were ordinary shares available for future
issuance under the 2020 Plan. 

Share
Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired or cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
Company recorded share-based compensation expense related to share options of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Such share-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was recorded net of capitalized
software development costs of and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was total unrecognized compensation cost of 
related to nonvested share options. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
 years. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company received proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 
and ,
respectively, and the aggregate intrinsic value of those stock options exercised was 
and ,
respectively. 

Share
option awards generally vest 
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of options to purchase ordinary shares
to employees under the 2020 Plan, including share options granted with an exercise price of per share to certain European-based
employees in lieu of restricted share units. The value of these options are based on the market value of the Company s ordinary
shares at the date of the grant. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted was and for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The grant date fair value of each share option grant was determined using the following weighted
average assumptions: 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

The
fair value of each share option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions
noted above. Estimating the grant date fair values for employee share options requires management to make assumptions regarding expected
volatility of the value of those underlying shares, the risk-free rate of the expected life of the share options and the date on which
share-based compensation is expected to be settled. 

Expected
volatility is determined by reference to volatility of certain identified peer group share trading information and share prices on the
Nasdaq stock exchange. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect
at the time of grant. The expected term of the options is based on historical data and represents the period of time that options granted
are expected to be outstanding. 

Restricted
Share Units 

Restricted
share units are issued to non-employee directors and employees. For equity-classified restricted share units, the fair value of restricted
share units is valued based on fair market value of the Company s ordinary shares on the date of grant and is amortized on a straight-line
basis over the vesting period. 

In
January 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of restricted share units to employees. The restricted share units
vest over from the date of grant with vesting each year on the anniversary of the grant date. The terms of the awards
stipulate that the vesting of any outstanding restricted share units will be pro-rated for employees if their employment terminates after
the first anniversary of the grant date. 

In
March 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of restricted share units to employees. The restricted share units
vest over from the date of grant. The terms of the awards stipulate that vesting of any outstanding restricted share units
will be pro-rated for employees if their employment terminates after the first anniversary of the grant date. Additionally, restricted
share units were granted to the Company s non-employee directors, all of which vested on December 31, 2022. 

In
June 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of restricted share units to employees. The restricted share units vest
over from the date of grant with vesting each year on the anniversary of the grant date. The terms of the awards stipulate
that vesting of any outstanding restricted share units will be pro-rated for employees if their employment terminates after the first
anniversary of the grant date. 

In
August 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of restricted share units to employees. The restricted share units vest
over from the date of grant with vesting each year on the anniversary of the grant date. The terms of the awards stipulate
that vesting of any outstanding restricted share units will be pro-rated for employees if their employment terminates after the first
anniversary of the grant date. 

In
September 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of restricted share units to employees. The restricted share units
vest over from the date of grant with vesting each year on the anniversary of the grant date. The terms of the awards stipulate
that the vesting of any outstanding restricted share units will be pro-rated for employees if their employment terminates after the first
anniversary of the grant date. 

In
November 2022, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of restricted share units to employees. The restricted share units
vest over from the date of grant with vesting each year on the anniversary of the grant date. The terms of the awards stipulate
that the vesting of any outstanding restricted share units will be pro-rated for employees if their employment terminates after the first
anniversary of the grant date. Additionally, restricted share units were granted to its non-employee directors. The restricted
share units vest one year from the grant date. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

The
Company withholds a portion of the restricted share units granted to its officers and non-employee directors upon vesting in order
to remit a cash payment to the officers and directors equal to their tax expense. The liabilities are recorded in accrued
compensation and benefits in the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 
restricted stock units held by the Company s officers and non-employee directors vested and the Company repurchased 
of the shares to cover the tax expense incurred by the officers and non-employee directors. 

The
Company recorded share-based compensation expense related to restricted share units of and for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively Such share-based compensation expense was recorded net of capitalized software development costs of for
the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there was total unrecognized compensation cost of related to nonvested
restricted share units. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited/expired or cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Restricted
Share Awards 

In
December 2021, the Company issued restricted ordinary shares to the selling shareholders of Silverback Gaming. The restricted
share awards vest one-third on the acquisition date and one-third on each of the first and second anniversary dates. The restricted share
awards were issued with a grant date fair value of per share. 

The
Company recorded share-based compensation expense related to the restricted share awards of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was total unrecognized compensation cost of related to the nonvested
shares granted. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value of the restricted
share awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Employee
Bonuses Issued in Shares 

In
2021, the Company entered into agreements with certain executive employees which allowed for a portion, or all, of their annual bonus
for the year ended December 31, 2021 to be paid in the form of the Company s shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company settled approximately of the total bonus by issuing vested options with an exercise price of per share. 

2020
Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The
Board of Directors established the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP, which was approved by the Company s shareholders
in July 2021. The ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service Code of 1986, as amended. ordinary shares to be sold and increases on February 1, 2022 and on each subsequent February 1 through
and including February 1, 2030, equal to the lesser of (i) 0.25 percent of the number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding on the
immediately preceding December 31, (ii) 100,000 ordinary shares, or (iii) such number of ordinary shares as determined by the Board of
Directors. 

The
ESPP is designed to allow eligible employees to purchase ordinary shares, at quarterly intervals, with their accumulated payroll deductions.
The participants are offered the option to purchase ordinary shares at a discount during a series of successive offering periods. The
option purchase price may be the lower of of the closing trading price per share of the Company s ordinary shares on the first
trading date of an offering period in which a participant is enrolled or 85 of the closing trading price per share on the purchase date,
which will occur on the last trading day of each offering period. An offering period is defined as a three-month duration commencing
on or about March, June, September and December of each year, and one purchase period is included within each offering period. The Company s
first offering period commenced on June 1, 2022. The Company issued shares under the ESPP as of during the year ended December
31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense of related to the ESPP. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

of up to of an employee s salary contribution. Most often, non-U.S. matching contributions are statutory amounts required by
law. The Company s contributions to the retirement plans were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE
11 LOSS PER SHARE 

Loss
per ordinary share, basic and diluted, are computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consisting of certain share options, nonvested restricted shares and restricted share
units were excluded from the computation of diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding as inclusion would be anti-dilutive,
are summarized as follows: 

Restricted shares 

Restricted share units 

Total 

Revenue from services delivered over time 

Total 

Contract
and Contract-Related Liabilities 

The
Company has four types of liabilities related to contracts with customers: (i) cash consideration received in advance from customers
related to development services not yet performed or hardware deliveries not yet completed, (ii) incentive program obligations, which
represents the deferred allocation of revenue relating to incentives in the online gaming operations, (iii) user balances, which are
funds deposited by customers before gaming play occurs and (iv) unpaid winnings and wagers contributed to jackpots. Contract related
liabilities are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year of being purchased, earned or deposited. Such liabilities are recorded
in liabilities to users and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Contract liabilities from advance customer payments, end of the period 1 

Revenue recognized from amounts included in contract liabilities
 from advance customer payments at the beginning of the period 

(1) 
 and recorded in other current liabilities in the
 consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and and recorded in other liabilities in the
 consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Cost
 of revenue (1) 

Segment contribution 

(1)

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, one customer in the B2B segment individually accounted for and of total revenue,
respectively. 

Sales and marketing 

Product and technology 

General and administrative 1 

Impairment 

Restructuring 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other loss (income), net 

Loss before income taxes 

(1) 

Assets
and liabilities are not separately analyzed or reported to the CODM and are not used to assist in decisions surrounding resource allocation
and assessment of segment performance. As such, an analysis of segment assets and liabilities has not been included in this financial
information. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Development services and other 

Total B2B revenue 

B2C: 

Sportsbook 

Casino 

Poker 

Total B2C revenue 

Total revenue 

Europe 

Latin America 

Rest of the world 

Total revenue 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Foreign 

Total current expense 

Deferred: 

Domestic 

U.S. Federal and State 

Foreign 

Total deferred expense (benefit) 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

Effects of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions 

Share-based compensation 

Nondeductible officers compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Unrecognized tax benefit 

Intra-group transfer 

Change in tax rates 

Foreign withholding taxes 

Goodwill impairment 

Return to provision 

Tax on unremitted earnings 

Other 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Share-based
 compensation 

Fixed
 assets and intangibles 

Accruals
 and allowances 

Interest 

Other 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Total
 deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets
 and intangibles 

Prepayments 

Tax on unremitted earnings 

Other 

Total
 deferred tax liabilities 

Net
 deferred tax liabilities 

The
net deferred tax liability of agrees to the balance sheet when considering the noncurrent deferred tax liability presented of 
and the noncurrent deferred tax asset of presented in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s valuation allowance was and , respectively. A valuation allowance is recognized
if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will not
be realized. Management must analyze all available positive and negative evidence regarding realization of the deferred tax assets, such
as cumulative income and losses from prior years, and make an assessment of the likelihood of sufficient future taxable income. The Company
has provided a valuation allowance on the U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets that were not deemed realizable based upon the weight
of the objectively verifiable negative evidence of cumulative losses over the recent three-year period. 

During
2022, we increased our valuation allowance by 
to 
primarily due to U.S. and foreign loss carryforwards that are not expected to be recognized. The amount of the deferred tax assets
considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced
or increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given
to subjective evidence, such as the Company s forecast for growth. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had federal, state, and foreign cumulative net operating loss carryforwards generated of ,
 and
 ,
respectively. The federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. The state net operating loss carryforwards
will begin to expire in 2032 if not utilized. 

Due
to concerns raised around our liquidity as of December 31, 2022, the Company has determined it cannot indefinitely reinvest any of its
unremitted foreign earnings and has accrued of deferred foreign taxes as of December 31, 2022. This amount mainly relates to
its earnings in Estonia where taxation is postponed until the profits are distributed as dividends. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

Additions for tax positions taken in a prior year 

Additions for tax positions taken in current year 

Reductions for tax positions taken in the prior year due to statutes lapsing 

Other reductions for tax positions taken in the prior year 

Unrecognized tax benefits December 31 

The
liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including potential interest and penalties, were recorded within other liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets. 

The
Company, including its subsidiaries, files tax returns with U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is subject to U.K. examinations
by tax authorities for the 2020 tax year. The Company is subject to U.S. examinations by federal tax authorities for years 2019 to 2021
and by state tax authorities for years 2018 to 2021. The tax returns in Malta, Israel, and Bulgaria are still within the examination
window of the local tax authorities. Based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease
to our unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. Audit outcomes and the timing of audit settlements are subject to significant
uncertainty. Although the Company believes that adequate provision has been made for such issues, there is the possibility that the ultimate
resolution of such issues could have an adverse effect on the Company s earnings. If recognized, the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits would impact the effective tax rate. 

million in restructuring
charges related to this plan during the year ended December 31, 2022, which are primarily related to employee severance pay and related
costs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had completed its restructuring plan and there were no unpaid restructuring charges. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

million, of which million were
due upon execution of the Agreements, and the remaining fixed fees are paid systematically over the initial five-year terms. Additional
payments could be required if the Company s total revenue generated from the licensed content exceed certain stipulated annual
and cumulative thresholds during the contract term. Under the terms of the Agreements, the Content Providers are to remit the cash flows
from the online gaming content with its existing customers to the Company during the exclusivity period. 

On
January 27, 2022, the Company served a termination notice, for cause, to a Content Provider as certain conditions precedent associated
with the completion of contractual obligations had not been satisfied by the agreed upon period in 2021. In accordance with the agreement,
termination for cause results in a return of the initial payment of million. In response to the Company s termination notice,
the Content Provider responded by alleging the Content Provider had met its contractual obligations, thereby obligating the Company to
make the next, scheduled million payment. In March, the Content Provider served the Company a notice of default letter notifying
the Company of its alleged material breach of the agreement, and disputing the validity of the termination. On April 25, 2022, the Content
Provider attempted to serve formal notice of termination of the agreement, reaffirming the million obligation. The Company continues
to assert that all contractual obligations to the Content Provider have been relieved as a result of the Company s initial termination
notice and will vigorously defend any claims made by the Content Provider. The Company further recognized an impairment loss related
to the initial payment of million in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
April 5, 2022, the Agreement with the remaining Content Provider was amended and restated. Prior to the amendment, the Company
accounted for the hosting arrangement as a service contract and expensed service fees of 
million to cost of revenue in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. In
accordance with the restated arrangement, the Company amended certain commercial terms, which included obtaining the contractual
right to lease the remote gaming servers, taking possession of the related software, and obtaining a service contract from the
Content Provider for the duration of the arrangement. The total fixed fees remaining under the amended arrangement totaled 
million, of which 
million was due during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 
million due in each of the years 2023 through 2025. Fixed fee payments are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of
cash flows as payments for content licensing arrangements within cash flows from investing activities. Additional payments could be
required if the Company s total revenue generated from the arrangement exceed certain stipulated annual and cumulative
thresholds during the contract term. 

GAN LIMITED 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (in thousands, except share and
per share amounts) 

The
amended and restated Agreement is accounted for as a business combination. The consideration transferred in exchange for the identifiable
intangible assets is comprised of the present value of the Company s total expected fixed payments under the Agreement, the net
assets recognized under the original agreement, as well as a contingent consideration. The contingent consideration represents additional
amounts which the Company expects to pay to the Content Provider if the Company s total revenue generated from the arrangement
exceeds certain stipulated annual and cumulative thresholds during the contract term. The fair value of the contingent liability is determined
using Level 3 inputs, since estimating the fair value of this contingent liability requires the use of significant and subjective inputs
that may and are likely to change over the duration of the liability with related changes in internally generated anticipated games revenue
as well as external market factors. The contingent consideration was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation based on management s
anticipated annual games revenue forecasts. The fair value of the contingent consideration was initially recognized upon execution of
the amendment to the Agreement. At December 31, 2022 the Company concluded the fair value of the contingent consideration to be zero.
Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3 Acquisition for further detail. 

At
December 31, 2022 the present value of the remaining fixed fee payments remaining under the agreement of 
million is recorded in content licensing liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognized imputed interest
expense of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the content licensing liabilities in other loss, net in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. 

In
March 2023 the Company amended and restated its Content Licensing Agreement with the Content Provider which resulted in a reduced contract
term and a reduction in the fixed fees payable under the arrangement by 
 million. Refer to Note 17 Subsequent
Events for further detail. 

Chile
Operations 

Coolbet s
B2C casino and sports-betting platform is accessible in Chile. Since June 1, 2020, foreign digital service suppliers that provide
services to individuals in Chile have been required to register for value-added tax VAT purposes. On September 20, 2021, the Company submitted an inquiry to the Chilean Internal Revenue Service SII for clarification on the
basis to apply VAT. In December 2021, the SII issued a general resolution as a response to another iGaming platform operator stating the
Tax Administration s position that fees paid by users for entertainment services provided through online gaming and betting platforms
are subject to VAT in Chile. The SII clarified its interpretation that the VAT tax rate of shall be applied to fees paid by
the users , specifically gross customer deposits on the iGaming platform. This was further reiterated by the SII in June 2022 through
a public response to an unnamed ruling request on the matter. 

On
May 13, 2022, the SII issued a resolution stating that unregistered foreign digital service providers will be subject to withholding
on payments through enforcement to issuers of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of payment, effective August 1, 2022. The SII
issued this noncompliant list of unregistered foreign digital service providers to enact enforcement of this withholding on a quarterly
basis, with the most recent list issued on December 28, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of filing, the Company has
not registered for the Chilean VAT but has not been listed on the SII s list for which this withholding should be applied, and
the Company has not received formal notification of any VAT liability due to the SII. 

On
March 14, 2023, the SII issued a resolution stating that, although the SII lacks the power to qualify an activity as legal or illegal
(which had been noted in previous SII resolutions), the SII is not empowered to register taxpayers for the simplified VAT regime who
carry out activities that have been declared illegal by other State authorities that do have the power to qualify an activity as legal
or illegal. It then notes that the SII has been informed by the Superintendency of Gambling Casinos that the offering of games of chance
is only expressly authorized in certain instances under Chilean law, and thus taxpayers without domicile or residence in Chile that offer
them are doing so illegally. As a result, the SII has excluded these taxpayers from the simplified VAT regime, effectively contradicting
past guidance that stated the digital VAT law must be applied to online gaming and betting platforms. 

The
Company does not believe its activities in Chile are illegal based on external legal opinions obtained in previous years, and
updated external legal opinions supporting the Company s assertions. The Company had previously not registered for the Chilean
VAT on digital service providers as the Company believed the application of VAT on gross customer deposits, as previously clarified
by the SII, prior to the March 2023 resolution, did not represent a reasonable application of the law to the economic substance of
the Company s services; this previous application would have resulted in a material loss to the Company. The Company believes that
Chilean tax laws and regulations support that only the fees directly charged by the Company s platform, primarily poker fees,
should be the taxable base for the Chilean digital VAT and has obtained an external legal opinion supporting this position, the
application of which would not have a material impact to the Company s financial statements. However, as a result of the SII
excluding the Company s activities from the digital VAT registration, we no longer believe a liability is probable for the
past activities as of December 31, 2022 as the Company is now effectively prevented from complying with the digital VAT
law. However, there is uncertainty as to the regulated environment, what amounts may be ultimately due on our previous
activities and the ability to operate in this jurisdiction until the SII resolves the position. Resolution of this matter may result in
fines, penalties, additional expenses or require us to exit the market. Revenues from Chile represented and of total consolidated
revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million.
Under the Amended Agreement, the fixed fee payment schedule was adjusted such that the remaining million payable is due in
equal instalments of million
per calendar month, with the first installment being due in April 2023. The remaining million
outstanding at the expiration of the Amended Agreement will be reconciled against amounts payable by the Content Provider to the
Company for revenue generated from the Company s distribution of the content. In consideration for the execution of the
Amended Agreement, in March 2023 the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with the Content Provider, under which the
Content Provider has subscribed to of
the Company s ordinary shares. 

Synthetic
Equity 

Pursuant
to the binding term sheet previously entered into with Red Rock Resorts, Inc, the Company entered into the Master Gaming Services Agreement
with Station Casinos LLC Station on March 30, 2023, to launch GameSTACK and GAN Sports RMiG and sportsbook solutions
at its properties through self-service kiosks as well as through on-premises and statewide mobile versions in Nevada, subject to applicable
licensure. As an additional incentive for Station to support the commercial success of the launch in Nevada, the Master Gaming Services
Agreement includes a Synthetic Equity Addendum which would require that the Company make a payment to Station in the event of a change
of control in the Company (the Change of Control Payment ), subject to certain conditions outlined in the Synthetic Equity
Addendum. The Change of Control Payment is payable only in the event that a change of control occurs during the first ten years of the
initial term of the Master Gaming Services Agreement and that the Company s market capitalization has increased during that time, calculated
as proscribed by the Synthetic Equity Addendum, which the amount of such payment ranging from to of such increase in market capitalization,
depending on whether certain minimum revenue conditions are met, with a minimum payment of million. 

Credit
Facility 

On
April 13, 2023, a subsidiary of the Company executed agreements to amend its existing Credit Facility to waive all events of
default, amend certain financial covenants, assign the rights to the Credit Facility from its existing lender to a third party, and
increase the principal balance from 
million to 
million with accrued paid in-kind PIK interest of 
per year together forming the Amended Credit Facility ). The Amended Credit Facility becomes effective
upon cash settlement of payments initiated on April 13, 2023, which is probable to occur within one week of initiation. 

The
Amended Credit Facility matures on the
third anniversary of its effective date and is
fully guaranteed by the Company. There are no scheduled principal payments due under the Amended Credit Facility until maturity. The
principal balance, accrued PIK interest, and an exit fee of 
are due at maturity. The Amended Credit Facility stipulates that outstanding amounts will mature and be due and payable on the third anniversary of its effective date, or in the event of a change in control transaction. The Company incurred an estimated 
 million in debt issuance costs in connection
with the Amended Credit Facility. The Amended Credit Facility contains customary negative covenants, a financial covenant requiring minimum
liquidity of 
 million, as well as other financial covenants
to be tested solely in the event the Company raises junior debt during the term of the Amended Credit Facility. 

78 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer (together, the Certifying Officers ),
as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance, not absolute assurance, of achieving the desired control objectives,
and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements will
not occur or that all control issues, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls
is based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

As
required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
the Certifying Officers, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of
the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, the Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. The Certifying Officers based their conclusion on the fact that the Company has identified a material weakness in
controls over financial reporting, detailed below. In light of this fact, our management has performed additional analyses, reconciliations,
and other procedures and have concluded that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting,
the consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects,
our financial position, results of operation and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP. 

Remediation
of Previously Disclosed Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As previously disclosed, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as in our Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q filed for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022, our management and audit committee concluded
that we had material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of such dates. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s interim or annual condensed consolidated financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

79 

 Table of Contents 

The
identified material weaknesses during such periods related to the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the
completeness and accuracy of accounting for, and disclosure of, capitalized software development costs, net and revenue recognition.
Specifically, the Company previously concluded it did not (i) design appropriate management review controls to properly identify the
appropriate costs of employee time allocated to capitalized software development costs, net, and (ii) did not have sufficiently
formalized policies and procedures with respect to the capitalized software development process. In addition, the Company previously
concluded that it (i) did not design adequate procedures for customer contract reviews, (ii) had inadequate controls to
appropriately apply the revenue recognition policy and (iii) had inadequate resources to properly evaluate technical aspects of
revenue recognition, in each case with respect to contracts with customers. 

In
2022, we designed and implemented measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the identified
material weaknesses related to revenue recognition and capitalized software development costs described above. These measures
include formalizing and documenting our policies and procedures surrounding capitalized software development costs and revenue
recognition, designing and implementing training for the employees whose roles and activities may qualify for capitalization,
instituting monthly meetings with the development leadership team to assess the status of all projects, formalizing the customer
contract review process and enhancing the scrutiny and precision of the management review controls over the capitalization of
software development and revenue recognition process. As of December 31, 2022, the foregoing actions
completed our remediation efforts with respect to the material weaknesses related to revenue recognition
and capitalized software development costs. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management and audit committee of the board of directors also previously concluded that the fact that the Company did
not design appropriate controls to evaluate risks to the entity from improper segregation of duties, review user access rights, monitor
activities of finance users with elevated rights within the financial reporting system, and maintain manual controls at a level of precision
to mitigate potential misstatements that could be present through the lack of segregation of journal entry preparation and approval within
certain financial reporting systems constituted an additional material weakness. 

Remediation
Plans 

In
2022, we began to design measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the identified material weakness
described above. These measures include implementing appropriate controls to segregate journal entry preparation and approvals and to
actively monitor finance users with elevated rights. While we believe that these remediation steps have addressed the weaknesses
previously identified in our B2B segment, we are unable to conclude at this time that these issues have been sufficiently addressed in
our B2C segment. 

We
intend to continue to take steps to remediate the material weakness described above and we are further evolving our accounting processes,
controls, and reviews. The Company plans to continue to assess its internal controls and procedures and intends to take further action
as necessary or appropriate to address any other matters it identifies or are brought to its attention. We will not be able to fully
remediate this material weakness until these steps have been completed and have been operating effectively for a sufficient period of
time. 

The
actions that we are taking are subject to ongoing senior management review, as well as audit committee oversight. We will not be able
to conclude whether the steps we are taking will fully remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
until we have completed our remediation efforts and subsequent evaluation of their effectiveness. We may also conclude that additional
measures may be required to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, which may necessitate further
action. 

80 

 Table of Contents 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) for the Company. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Certifying Officers,
assessed the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based
on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on this assessment and because of the material weakness identified above, management concluded that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Except
for the remediation measures discussed above, there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

81 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this item is set forth under the following captions in our proxy statement to be filed with respect to our
2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the proxy statement ), all of which is incorporated by reference:
 Directors; Executive Officers; Corporate Governance; Other Information - Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports; The Proxy Process and the Annual Meeting - Director Nominations and Shareholder Proposals for
Inclusion in GAN Limited s 2023 Proxy Materials, and Proposals - Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item is set forth under the following captions in our proxy statement, all of which is incorporated by reference:
 Executive Officers - Summary Compensation Table, Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table, Outstanding Equity Awards
and Year End; Directors - Director Compensation. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item is set forth under the following captions in our proxy statement, all of which is incorporated by reference:
 Other Information - Equity Compensation Plan Information, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item is set forth under the following captions in our proxy statement, all of which is incorporated by reference:
 Corporate Governance - Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance - Director Independence. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item is set forth under the following captions in our proxy statement, all of which is incorporated by reference:
 Proposals - Proposal No. 2 - Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

82 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
1. Financial Statements 

The
following consolidated financial statements of GAN Limited are included in Item 8 of this report: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm : PCAOB ID No. 
 48 

Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 50 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 52 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 53 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted as they are not required. 

3.
Exhibits 

The
exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are included under Item 15(b) below. 

(b)
Exhibits 

Incorporation
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Date
 Filed 
 
 2.1 
 
 Scheme of Arrangement of GAN plc 

F-1 
 
 2.1 
 
 April
 17, 2020 
 
 2.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated November 15, 2020, among GAN Limited and Vincent Group p.l.c. 

6-K 
 
 99.1 
 
 November
 16, 2020 
 
 3.1 
 
 Memorandum of Association of GAN Limited 

F-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 April
 17, 2020 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws of GAN Limited 

F-1 
 
 3.2 
 
 April
 27, 2020 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate evidencing ordinary shares 

F-1 
 
 4.1 
 
 April
 27, 2020 
 
 4.2 
 
 GAN Limited Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

DEF 14A 
 
 Exhibit
 A 
 
 June
 10, 2021 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 

10-K 
 
 4.3 
 
 April 25, 2022 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan of GAN Limited, as amended 

F-1 
 
 10.1 
 
 December
 7, 2020 
 
 10.1.1+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement 

F-1 
 
 10.2.1 
 
 April
 27, 2020 
 
 10.1.2+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement 

F-1 
 
 10.2.2 
 
 April
 27, 2020 
 
 10.1.3+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement 

F-1 
 
 10.2.3 
 
 April
 27, 2020 
 
 10.1.4+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

F-1 
 
 10.2.4 
 
 April
 27, 2020 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers 

F-1 
 
 10.3 
 
 April
 17, 2020 

83 

 Table of Contents 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Director Services Agreement 

F-1 
 
 10.4 
 
 April
 17, 2020 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 GAN Limited Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

F-1 
 
 10.5 
 
 December
 7, 2020 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Dermot S. Smurfit 

10-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 March
 31, 2021 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Karen Flores 

10-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 March
 31. 2021 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan U.K. Sub-Plan - Company Share Option Plan 

S-8 
 
 4.3.5 
 
 February
 12, 2021 
 
 10.8.1+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan U.K. Sub-Plan - Company Share Plan Option Agreement 

S-8 
 
 4.3.6 
 
 February
 12, 2021 
 
 10.8.2+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan U.K. Sub-Plan - Enterprise Management Incentive Plan Option Agreement 

S-8 
 
 4.3.7 
 
 February
 12, 2021 
 
 10.8.3+ 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan U.K. Sub-Plan - Enterprise Management Incentive Plan (EMI) 

S-8 
 
 4.3.8 
 
 February
 12, 2021 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, between the Company and Sylvia Tiscare o, dated December 19, 2021 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 December
 22, 2021 
 
 10.10 + 
 
 Employment Contract, between the Company and Jan Roos, dated as of January 13, 2022 

10-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 April
 15, 2022 
 
 10.11 
 
 Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, BPC Lending I, LLC and Alter Domus (US) LLC as agent dated April 25, 2022 

10-Q 
 
 10.11 
 
 August 15, 2022 
 
 10.12+ 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement, between the Company and Karen Flores, dated December 28, 2022 
 
 X 

10.13+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, between the Company and Brian Chang, dated December 30, 2022 
 
 X 

16.1 
 
 Letter of BDO LLP dated April 16, 2021 

8-K 
 
 16.1 
 
 April
 16, 2021 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 X 

24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover
 page Interactive Data File (formatted Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 X 

+
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into
any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filing. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

84 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
 April 14, 2023 
 GAN
 LIMITED 
 (Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/
 DERMOT S. SMURFIT 

Dermot
 S. Smurfit 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Dermot S. Smurfit
and Brian Chang as his or her true and lawful attorney and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him or her
and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to the Registrant s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney and agent full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney and agent may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ DERMOT S. SMURFIT 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Dermot S. Smurfit 

/s/ BRIAN CHANG 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Brian Chang 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ SEAMUS MCGILL 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Seamus McGill 

/s/ MICHAEL SMURFIT JR. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Michael Smurfit Jr. 

/s/ DAVID GOLDBERG 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 David Goldberg 

/s/ SUSAN BRACEY 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Susan Bracey 

/s/ ERIC GREEN 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Eric Green 

85 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 ex10-12.htm

Exhibit 10.12 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit
10.13 

AMENDED
 RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This
Employment Agreement Agreement is made as of November 25, 2022 Effective Date between Brian
Chang Employee and GAN Nevada, Inc., including its Affiliates (collectively, the Company ).
Employee and Company shall be referred to collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties previously executed one or more offer letters, employment agreements, letters, and if applicable, amendments thereto (collectively,
the Prior Agreement ); 

WHEREAS ,
the Company desires to continue to employ Employee on the terms set forth herein; 

WHEREAS ,
the Company may provide Employee with the Company s Confidential Information and may also provide the opportunity to develop relationships
with the Company s business contacts; 

WHEREAS ,
Employee agrees that if Employee receives the foregoing, it may give Employee an unfair competitive advantage if Employee s activities
during employment, and for a reasonable period thereafter, were not restricted as provided for in this Agreement; and 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties intend for this Agreement to supersede and replace any agreement, offer letter, promise, representation, or understanding
between the Parties regarding Employee s employment with the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, the adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 At-Will Employment . Employee s employment with the Company is, and has always been, at-will. To that end, Employee s
employment with the Company is not for a specified term. Employee has the right to resign from Employee s employment with the Company
at any time, with or without notice to the Company with or without cause. The Company also is free to terminate Employee s employment
with the Company at any time, with or without notice to Employee and with or without cause. 

2.
 Position and Duties. 

a.
 Duties . The Company hereby employs Employee as Interim Chief Financial Officer (an exempt position). The Company
recognizes the Employee is in the position on an interim basis until the position of Chief Financial Officer is filled by a candidate
on a full-time basis. During Employee s employment with Company Employment ), Employee shall report to the
supervisor (the Supervisor identified in the job description Job Description attached hereto
as Exhibit A . Employee s duties, authority and responsibilities shall include, but will not be limited to, those
identified in the Job Description and those which are considered customary and commensurate with Employee s position. Employee s
Job Description and duties, authority, and responsibilities shall be determined by the Supervisor and may be adjusted from time to time
by the Supervisor. In the event that the Job Description language conflicts with this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. 

b.
 Change of Position After Interim Basis . Once the Chief Financial Officer position has been filled on a full-time
basis, the Employee s title will immediately be changed to Chief Accounting Officer. The Employee s compensation terms (Section
4) will not change. 

c.
 Devotion of Time . During Employee s Employment, Employee shall devote substantially all of Employee s
business time and attention to the performance of Employee s duties hereunder and will not engage in any other business, profession,
or occupation for compensation or otherwise whether or not it would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either
directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the Supervisor. 

Page 1 of 22 

3.
 Place of Performance . The principal place of Employee s employment shall be Irvine, California, United States Principal
Place of Employment ), provided that Employee may be required to travel on Company business during Employee s Employment
with the Company. If the Company requests Employee to relocate more than 30 miles from the Principal Place of Employment, and if Employee
agrees to such request, then the Company will pay for Employee s reasonable and necessary costs of relocation e.g., moving
expenses). 

4.
 Compensation . 

a.
 Base Salary . The Company shall pay Employee a salary equivalent to an annual salary of 330,000.00, which the Company
shall pay to Employee in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices and applicable wage payment laws. Employee s
salary set forth in this section and as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as Base Salary . 

b.
 Bonus . The Company offers an annual bonus Bonus for which certain Employees are eligible.
The Bonus is not guaranteed to the Employee. In any given year, it is at the Company s discretion whether the Bonus is paid, and
the Company reserves the right to amend the Bonus calculation, eligibility, payment timing and any other parameters pertaining to the
Bonus from time to time. 

i.
Employee is eligible for a maximum Bonus amount, if any, equal in value of up to 100 of Employee s Base Salary actually
paid to Employee for each calendar year the Employee is actively employed with the Company. The Bonus amount is based 50 upon the Company s
performance and 50 upon the Employee meeting performance objectives. The performance objectives are defined by the Supervisor in consultation
with the Employee. 

ii.
The Bonus shall be paid within 90 calendar days following the end of the Company s applicable fiscal year. 

iii.
In order to receive a Bonus, Employee must be employed by the Company on the date the Bonus is paid and must be materially in compliance
with this Agreement. 

iv.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Bonus may be paid through the issuance of restricted stock subject to the terms of an Award Agreement
(as defined below) in any year at the Company s sole determination. Any restricted stock issued in lieu of a cash Bonus are immediately
vested. 

c.
 Equity . The Company has established a 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan that was
adopted on or about May 4, 2020, which is attached hereto as Exhibit B and incorporated by reference. 

i.
Employee may have been granted stock options under the Plan, or a prior equity plan, pursuant to one or more grant agreements (each,
an Award Agreement that contain, among other things, the vesting schedule, strike price, expiration date, and other
terms and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ii.
For each calendar year commencing in the year following the year in which the Effective Date occurs, but not later than March 31 of each
such year, Employee is eligible to receive, but not guaranteed, an annual grant of stock options or other form of equity grant under
an Award Agreement in an amount established by the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and in consultation
with the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). 

iii.
The equity awarded in this section pursuant to a past or future Award Agreement shall be referred to as Equity Awards . 

Page 2 of 22 

d.
 Expenses . Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment,
and travel expenses incurred by Employee in connection with the performance of Employee s duties hereunder, provided that, Employee
complies with the Company s expense reimbursement policies and procedures then in effect. In addition to the forgoing, if applicable,
Employee shall be entitled to reimbursement of all gaming license fees and expenses related to the preparation and submission of gaming
license applications that may be required by Employee s position with the Company (collectively, Business Expenses ). 

e.
 Benefits . Employee shall be entitled to participate in all of the employee benefit plans, practices, and programs
maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, Employee Benefit Plans ), to the extent
consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel
any of the Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable
law. Employee may request a copy of the Company s current Employee Benefit Plans at any time, including prior to executing this
Employment Agreement. 

f.
 Vacation . During Employee s Employment, Employee shall be entitled to twenty-five (25) paid vacation days
per calendar year (prorated for partial years) in accordance with the Company s vacation policies, as in effect from time to time.
Employee shall receive other leaves in accordance with applicable law and the Company s policies, as such policies may exist from
time to time. 

g.
 Taxes and Withholdings . All amounts payable to Employee under this section shall be subject to all required federal,
state, and local withholdings, payroll deductions, and taxes and requirements under applicable laws. 

5. Definitions .
For purpose of this Agreement, 

a.
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with such Person or an Affiliate of such Person. 

b.
 Cause means any of the following conduct by Employee: 

i.
the failure to successfully pass the Company s background screening, which may include, but is not limited to, criminal and financial
background investigations, and verification of prior employment, education, degrees, certifications, training, and other credentials; 

ii.
the conviction or admission, including a plea of nolo contendre , of a felony, or the conviction or admission of any other act
or omission involving material dishonesty or fraud with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; 

iii.
the failure to perform material duties of the position held by Employee, or any other material breach of this Agreement, which breach
remains uncured for a period of 10 days after the Company s written notice to Employee describing such breach; 

iv.
an act of dishonesty, fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement, breach of trust, or intentional misconduct with respect to the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; 

v.
the illegal use or possession of drugs in or on the Company s premises; 

vi.
excessive or irresponsible use of alcohol that has a direct impact to the Employee s performance and execution of the Employee s
duties and responsibilities; 

vii.
intentional and willful misconduct that may subject the Company to criminal or civil liability; 

viii.
 material or repeated failure to comply with the Company s policies
and procedures; 

ix.
 failure to cooperate, or timely cooperate, in any investigation by the Company
or with any investigation, inquiry, hearings, or similar proceedings by any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company
or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; 

Page 3 of 22 

x.
being found unsuitable for, or having been denied, a gaming license, or having such license revoked by a gaming regulatory authority
in any jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates conducts operations; 

xi.
willful or material misrepresentation to the Company, or 

xii.
 breach of any of the material terms of this Agreement. 

c.
 Change-in-Control means and includes any of the following occurrences: 

i.
Any Person, including a group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, becomes the beneficial
owner of stock of the Company with respect to which fifty percent (50 or more of the total number of votes for the election of the
Board may be cast; 

ii.
As a result of, or in connection with, any cash tender offer, exchange offer, merger or other business combination, sale of assets or
contested election, or combination of the foregoing, persons who were directors of the Company just prior to such event shall cease to
constitute a majority of the Board; 

iii.
The consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Company; or 

iv.
A tender offer or exchange offer is made and consummated for the ownership of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities. 

A
transaction shall not constitute a Change-in-Control if its sole purpose is to change the jurisdiction of the Company s incorporation
or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities
immediately before such transactions. 

d.
 Claim or Claims means any allegation, dispute, claim, causes of action, complaint,
grievance, charge, action, petition, or demand, whether or not filed, including any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative. 

e.
 Disability means the disability of Employee caused by any physical or mental injury, illness, or incapacity,
as a result of which Employee is unable to effectively perform the essential functions of Employee s duties for a continuous period
of more than 90 days or for 120 days (whether or not continuous) in any 240-day period, as determined by an independent, legally qualified
medical doctor selected by the Company s health or disability insurer. 

f.
 Good Reason means, without Employee s written consent: (i) any material reduction of Employee s
benefits, unless such reduction is in connection with a general reduction of benefits across the Company or successor company; (ii) any
material reduction in Employee s compensation, unless such reduction is in connection with a general reduction of compensation
across the Company; or (iii) any failure to pay timely and completely any Base Salary or Bonus owed to Employee. 

g.
 Person means an individual, a partnership, a limited liability company, a corporation, an association, a
joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, investment fund, any other business entity and a governmental
entity, or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Page 4 of 22 

h.
 Subsidiary means with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association,
or business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to
the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a
limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity (other than a corporation), a majority of partnership or
other similar ownership interest thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more Subsidiaries
of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest
in a limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity (other than a corporation) if such Person or Persons
shall be allocated a majority of limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity gains or losses or shall
be or control any managing director or general partner of such limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business
entity. For purposes hereof, references to a Subsidiary of any Person shall be given effect only at such times that such
Person has one or more Subsidiaries, and, unless otherwise indicated, the term Subsidiary refers to a Subsidiary of the
Company. 

i.
 Termination Date means: 

i.
if Employee s employment hereunder terminates on account of Employee s death, the date of Employee s death; 

ii.
if Employee s employment hereunder is terminated on account of Employee s Disability, the date that it is determined that
Employee has a Disability; 

iii.
if the Company terminates Employee s employment hereunder for Cause, the date the written notice of termination is delivered to
Employee; 

iv.
if the Company terminates Employee s employment hereunder without Cause, the date specified in the written notice of termination
delivered to Employee; and 

v.
if Employee terminates his employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in Employee s written notice of
termination delivered to the Company. 

6.
 Indemnification . The Company shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Employee
from and against Claims, losses, damages, liabilities, actions, judgments, court costs, and legal and other expenses arising as a result
of Employee s Employment with the Company, and for any acts, omissions, and decisions made in good faith while performing services
for the Company. To the same extent, the Company will pay, and subject to any legal limitations, advance all expenses, including reasonable
attorneys fees, expenses, disbursements, and costs of judgments, fines and amounts of settlements, actually and necessarily incurred
by Employee in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding and in connection with any appeal, which has been brought
against Employee by reason of his service as an officer or agent of the Company. The Company will, upon the Company s sole option,
assume the defense and directly bear all of the expense of any action or proceedings that may arise for which Employee is entitled to
indemnification pursuant to this Section. The Company s obligations to indemnify and hold Employee harmless as provided herein
shall survive the termination of this Agreement indefinitely. 

7.
 Termination of Employment and Severance . Upon termination of Employee s employment with the Company for any reason,
Employee shall receive (i) all earned, but unpaid, Base Salary as of the Termination Date; (ii) all earned and vested Equity Awards as
of the Termination Date; (iii) accrued and earned, but unused, vacation days as of the Termination Date; and (iv) payment of any outstanding
Business Expenses submitted to the Company in accordance with the Company s policies and procedures (collectively, Accrued
Payments ). The Company shall pay Employee the Accrued Payments pursuant to the timing requirements set forth in applicable
law. 

a.
 Termination for Cause . The Company may, at any time and without notice, terminate Employee s employment with the
Company for Cause. In the event the Company terminates Employee s employment for Cause, the Company shall provide only Accrued
Payments to Employee; the Company shall not provide Employee any unearned Bonus or unvested Equity Awards. 

Page 5 of 22 

b.
 Voluntary Termination (Other Than for Good Reason) . Employee may, at any time and without notice, voluntarily terminate
Employee s employment with the Company without Good Reason. In the event Employee terminates Employee s employment with the
Company on any basis other than for Good Reason, the Company shall provide only Accrued Payments to Employee; the Company shall not provide
Employee any unearned Bonus or unvested Equity Awards. 

c.
 Termination for Good Reason . Employee may voluntarily terminate Employee s employment with the Company with Good
Reason. If Employee provides written notice to the CEO within 30 days after the event or condition constituting Good Reason arises, and
the Company fails to remedy the event or condition (if capable of curing) within 30 days after the written notice is provided, the Company
shall provide to Employee: (i) Accrued Payments; (ii) a cash severance payment in an amount equal to 12 months of Employee s then-current
Base Salary, payable in a lump sum within 10 calendar days following the applicable revocation period of the release referenced in Section
7(e)(ii) herein; (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Award Agreement, or elsewhere, Employee s
unvested Equity Awards will accelerate and become vested, non-forfeitable, and exercisable on a pro rata basis as of the Termination
Date, regardless of any limitation with respect to time, performance, vesting, or other restrictions, based on the portion of the vesting
period of the applicable Equity Award during which Executive was an active employee of the Company (the Pro Rata Acceleration );
and (iv) on a monthly basis, for a period of twelve (12) months, the Company s monthly share of premiums required to continue Executive s
and Executive s dependents group health insurance benefits (medical, dental, and vision) after the Termination Date under the applicable
provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ); provided that the Company shall cease
paying such COBRA premiums on the day Executive begins employment with another company, entity, or Person following the Termination Date
and is eligible to receive similar benefits. 

d.
 Termination Without Cause; Termination Due to Death or Disability . The Company may, at any time and without notice, terminate
Employee s employment with the Company without Cause. In the event the Company terminates Employee s employment without Cause,
the Company shall provide to Employee: (i) Accrued Payments; (ii) a cash severance payment in an amount equal to 12 months of Employee s
then-current Base Salary, payable in a lump sum within 10 calendar days following the Termination Date; (iii) the Pro Rata Acceleration;
and (iv) on a monthly basis, for a period of twelve (12) months, the Company s monthly share of premiums required to continue Executive s
and Executive s dependents group health insurance benefits (medical, dental, and vision) after the Termination Date under the applicable
provisions of COBRA; provided that the Company shall cease paying such COBRA premiums on the day Executive begins employment with another
company, entity, or Person following the Termination Date and is eligible to receive similar benefits. 

e.
 Conditions of Payments . Excluding Accrued Payments, all payments set forth in this section that are not otherwise required
by law shall be payable so long as: 

i.
Employee complies with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Section 9 through Section 14 ; and 

ii.
Within 30 days of the Termination Date, or as otherwise agreed to by the Company and Employee, Employee (or Employee s beneficiary
or estate) delivers to the Company and does not revoke (under the terms of applicable law) a general release of all of Employee s
Claims against the Company, the Company s Affiliates, and the Company s Subsidiaries, substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C ; provided that, if necessary, such general release may be updated and revised by the Company to comply
with applicable law to achieve its intent. The Company is not obligated to make any payments to Employee other than Accrued Payments
in the event of Employee s failure to execute and return such release without revocation; provided that, the Company must first
notify Employee or Employee s estate of the failure to deliver such general release and provide (x) to Employee 10 business days
to cure such failure, or (y) in the event of death, to Employee s estate 30 days to cure such failure. 

Page 6 of 22 

8.
 Change-in-Control Payments . Not in limitation of the forgoing, upon a Change-in-Control, Employee shall be entitled to
the additional payments set forth in this section set forth in this section incremental to any other compensation due to Employee under
this Agreement, subject to Employee executing the release referenced in Section 7(e)(ii) herein. 

a.
 Transaction Bonus . If a Change-in-Control occurs, the Company shall pay Employee a transaction bonus in an amount
equal to one hundred percent (100 of Employee s then-current Base Salary (the Transaction Bonus ). The Company
shall pay Employee the Transaction Bonus in a lump sum within ten (10) days following the Change-in-Control. 

b.
 Equity Acceleration . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, an Award Agreement, or otherwise,
if Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason within three (3) months before
or two (2) years after a Change-in-Control occurs, all of Executive s Equity Awards shall accelerate and become fully vested, non-forfeitable,
and exercisable, regardless of any limitation with respect to time, performance, vesting, or other restrictions. 

c.
 Elevated Cash Severance and Benefits . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause
or by Executive for Good Reason within three (3) months before or two (2) years after a Change-in-Control occurs, then the Company shall
(i) in lieu of any amounts payable under Section 8(c) or 8(d), except for the Accrued Payments, which shall always be due and payable
to the Executive, provide to Executive a cash severance payment in an amount equal to one and one-half (1.5) times the sum of Executive s
then-current Base Salary and Target Bonus, payable in a lump sum within ten (10) calendar days of the Termination Date; (ii) a pro rata
bonus payment in an amount equal to the Target Bonus for the year in which the Termination Date occurs multiplied by
a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in the applicable year through the Termination Date and the denominator of which
is 365, with such amount payable in a lump sum on the date in which the Company pays bonuses to other employees for the applicable year
(the Pro Rata Bonus ); (iii) on a monthly basis, for a period of eighteen (18) months, pay the Company s
monthly share of premiums required to continue Executive s and Executive s dependents group health insurance benefits (medical,
dental, and vision) after the Termination Date under the applicable provisions of COBRA; provided that the Company shall cease paying
such COBRA premiums on the day Executive begins employment with another company, entity, or Person following the Termination Date and
is eligible to receive similar benefits. 

9.
 Non-Disclosure and Non-Use of Confidentiality, Proprietary, and Trade Secret Information . 

a.
 Protection Against Disclosure . Employee acknowledges that, during Employee s employment with the Company, Employee
will gain knowledge of and access to certain Confidential Information (as defined below in Section 9(e) ). Employee agrees to undertake
a fiduciary obligation to protect against the disclosure and use of any Confidential Information. Both during and after Employee s
Employment, Employee shall not disclose, communicate, divulge, or allow another Person to use to their personal, competitive, or economic
advantage any Confidential Information, except when Employee has received prior written consent from the CEO or as otherwise required
by law or by judicial or administrative process or order, and in that case only after complying with Section 9(b) below. 

b.
 Notifying the Company . If a Person not a Party to this Agreement requests or demands that Employee disclose Confidential
Information or produce documents containing Confidential Information, Employee will, to the extent permitted by law, immediately notify
the CEO and will provide the Company a reasonable opportunity to respond to such request or demand before Employee responds to the request
or demand. 

c.
 Defend Trade Secrets Act Notice . Notwithstanding the foregoing nondisclosure obligations, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1833(b), Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a
trade secret that is made: (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to
an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) in a complaint or other document
filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 

Page 7 of 22 

d.
 Disclosure to Government Agencies . Employee understands and acknowledges that nothing contained in this Agreement limits
Employee s ability to file a charge or complaint with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations
Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local
governmental agency or commission, including state or tribal gaming regulators (individually, Government Agency 
collectively, Government Agencies ). Employee further understands and acknowledges that this Agreement does not limit
Employee s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or to otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that
may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 

e.
 Definition of Confidential Information . As used herein, Confidential Information means any Company
confidential, proprietary, or trade secrets information, including, but not limited to, technical data, know-how, research, product plans
and developments, prototypes, products, services, client lists, prospective clients list, client or potential client contact information,
proposals, client purchasing practices, prices and pricing methodology, cost information, terms and conditions of business relationships
with clients, client research and other needs, markets, software, developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs,
drawings, engineering, distribution and sales methods and systems, sales and profit figures, financial information, business information,
operation information, plans, personnel information, as well as reports and other business information that Employee learns of, obtains,
or that is disclosed to Employee during Employee s Employment. 

f.
The restrictions provided for in this section shall not be construed to prohibit the use of general knowledge and experience customarily
relied upon in Employee s trade or profession that is not specific to the particular business matters of the Company (such as its
technology or customers), nor shall it be construed to be a form of covenant not to compete (such a construction would be contrary to
the intent of the parties). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the unauthorized disclosure of a particular item of Confidential Information
to a competitor will qualify as prohibited misappropriation of the Confidential Information. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the
Confidential Information is the property of Company and a special and unique asset of the Company. The Confidential Information derives
independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known by the public or by other persons or entities who can
obtain economic value from its use or disclosure, and thus shall be protected. 

g.
 Return of Company Property . Upon any termination of this Agreement, termination of Employee s employment, or any
request by the Company, Employee shall immediately return all Company property, documents, files, records, stored data, emails, pictures,
videos, laptops, computers, phones, equipment, and Confidential Information to Company. 

10.
 Inventions and Assignments . 

a.
 Assignment to the Company . Any and all products, writings, inventions, improvements, processes, formulas, procedures, and
techniques which Employee may make, conceive, discover, or develop, either solely or jointly with any other person, at any time when
Employee is an employee of the Company, whether or not during working hours and whether or not at the request or upon the suggestion
of the Company, which relate to or are useful in connection with any business now or hereafter carried on or contemplated by the Company,
including developments or expansions of its present fields of operations, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. Employee
shall make full disclosure to the Company of all such products, writings, inventions, improvements, processes, procedures, formula, and
techniques and shall do everything necessary or desirable to vest the absolute title thereto in the Company. Employee shall write and
prepare all specifications, formulas, and procedures regarding such products, inventions, improvements, processes, procedures, and techniques
and otherwise aid and assist the Company so that the Company can prepare and present applications for copyright or patent letters therefore
and can secure such copyright or patent letters wherever possible, as well as reissues, renewals, and extensions thereof, and can obtain
the records title to such copyright or patents so that the Company shall be the sole and absolute owner thereof in all countries in which
it may desire to have copyright or patent protection. Employee shall not be entitled to any additional or special compensation or reimbursement
regarding any and all such writings, inventions, improvements, formulas, processes, procedures and techniques. 

Page 8 of 22 

b.
 California Labor Code Section 2872 Notice . For Employees with a Personal Place of Employment within California, notwithstanding
the foregoing rights and obligations, and pursuant to California Labor Code section 2872, a Company invention shall not include inventions
which qualifies fully under the provisions of California Labor Code section 2870 (attached as Exhibit D ), including any
idea or invention which is developed entirely on Employee s own time without using Company s equipment, supplies, facilities,
or trade secrets, and which is not related to the Company s business (either actual or demonstrably anticipated), and which does
not result from work performed for the Company. 

11.
 Additional Restrictive Covenants . Employee understands that the nature of Employee s position gives Employee access
to and knowledge of Confidential Information and places him or her in a position of trust and confidence with the Company. Employee further
understands and acknowledges that the Company s ability to reserve these for the exclusive knowledge and use of the Company is
of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company, and that improper use or disclosure by Employee is likely to result
in unfair or unlawful competitive activity. Employee acknowledges that the Company has expended, and will continue to expend, substantial
time, money and effort in developing its Confidential Information; Employee may in the course of Employee s employment be personally
entrusted with and exposed to the Company s Confidential Information and may have access to the Company s customers; and
the Company would suffer great loss and irreparable harm if Employee were to enter into competition with the Company. Therefore, accordingly,
Employee acknowledges and agrees to the restrictive covenants set forth in this section. 

a.
 Non-Competition . Employee agrees that during Employee s employment with the Company, and for one (1) year
following the Termination Date (the Covenant Period ), Employee will not directly or through others, whether as an
owner, director, officer, manager, consultant or employee: (i) provide services for the benefit of any Restricted Business (as defined
below) within the Territory (as defined below) that are the same or similar in function or purpose to those Employee provided to the
Company during the last year of Employee s employment with the Company, or such shorter period of time as Employee was employed
by the Company Look Back Period ); or (ii) take on any other responsibilities for a Restricted Business that would
involve the probable use or disclosure of Confidential Information or the conversion of Covered Customers (as defined below) to the benefit
of a Competing Business or detriment of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Restricted Business means those
entities or persons primarily engaged in the business of developing, marketing, selling, licensing, and supplying online gaming technology
to gaming businesses (business to business) in which the Company engages or in which the Company has an actual intention, as evidenced
by the Company s written business plans to engage, in any country in which the Company does business as of the Termination Date.
Because Employee is employed by the Company in a senior management position, Employee is presumed to have participated in the Company s
business and/or had Confidential Information about the Company s business throughout the United States (including state and state-equivalents
and county and county-equivalents therein), and therefore Territory means the United States. For the avoidance of
doubt, gaming companies that do not conduct business online, and provide products to other businesses, shall not be considered a Restricted
Business. Employee agrees that the restrictions on competition, as to time, geographic area, and scope of activity, required by this
section are reasonable, do not impose a greater restraint that necessary to protect the goodwill and business interests of the Company,
and are not unduly burdensome to Employee. 

Page 9 of 22 

b.
 Non-Compete Consideration; Waiver. In exchange for Executive s non-compete restriction during the Covenant Period,
the Company shall continue to pay Executive s Base Salary during the Covenant Period Garden Leave Compensation ).
The Garden Leave Compensation is specifically intended to compensate Executive for the non-compete restriction, and for the avoidance
of doubt, the Garden Leave Compensation shall be cumulative in nature and shall not be reduced or offset by any other payments owed to
Executive under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Company may, upon sixty (60) days prior written notice, in its sole
discretion and at any time, elect to waive, in writing, the non-compete restrictions imposed on Executive for all or any portion of the
Covenant Period. The Company shall not pay Garden Leave Compensation to Executive for any portion of the Covenant Period where it waived
the non-compete restriction. Executive shall promptly notify the Company of any employment that may disqualify Executive from receiving
Garden Leave Compensation. Any waiver of the non-compete restriction shall be permanent, and the Company cannot later seek to enforce
the non-compete restriction on Executive after any waived period. 

c.
 Non-Solicitation. Employee agrees that during Employee s employment with the Company, and for the Covenant Period,
Employee will not (i) solicit any employee of the Company (a Covered Employee to leave the employment of the Company;
or, (ii) assist with hiring or attempting to hire any Covered Employee on behalf of a Restricted Business; or, (ii) solicit, or attempt
to solicit a Covered Customer (defined below) for the purpose of doing any business that would compete with the Company s business;
or, (iv) knowingly engage in any conduct that is intended to cause, or could reasonably be expected to cause the Covered Customer (as
defined below) to stop or reduce doing business with the Company, or that would involve diverting business opportunities away from the
Company. Covered Customer means a customer or potential customer of the Company that Employee had contact or dealings
with or access to Confidential Information about during the Look Back Period. 

d.
If California law is deemed to govern this Section , then Paragraphs (a) and (b) shall not apply. Paragraphs (c)
shall apply to the extent the solicitation involves the misappropriation of the Company s trade secret information, such as its
protected customer information, as defined by applicable law. 

e.
If Nevada law is deemed to govern this Section , then Paragraphs (c) shall not apply to former customers or clients
of the Company if Employee did not solicit the former customer or client and Employee is otherwise complying with the limitations in
this Agreement as to time and scope of activity to be restrained. 

12.
 Cooperation with the Company . The Parties agree that certain matters in which Employee will be involved during Employee s
Employment may necessitate Employee s cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of Employee s employment
for any reason and continuing for a period of five (5) years, Employee shall cooperate with the Company regarding any Claim relating
to any lawsuit, action, investigation, or audit that (a) is brought by or against the Company and (b) is directly or indirectly related
to Employee s employment with the Company. Company shall reimburse Employee within 14 calendar days for any reasonable expenses
or fees incurred by Employee during such cooperation so long as Employee provides receipts or other reasonable evidence of such expenses
to the Company. 

13.
 No Cooperation Against the Company . Employee agrees that Employee will not knowingly encourage, counsel, or assist any
attorneys or their clients in the presentation or prosecution of any Claim by any third party or Person against the Company, unless under
a subpoena or other court order to do so, and except as otherwise provided in Section 9(c) and (d) . Employee agrees both
to immediately notify Company in accordance with this Agreement upon receipt of any such subpoena or court order relating to the Company
and Related Companies, and to immediately furnish a copy of such subpoena or other court order. 

Page 10 of 22 

14.
 Non-Disparagement . 

a.
Both during and after Employee s employment with the Company, Employee shall refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel,
or slander of any of the Company and Related Companies. Employee further agrees to refrain from any tortious interference with the contracts
and relationships of any of Company and Related Companies. This Section (a) does not prohibit Employee from disclosing illegal
acts that occurred at, or is related to, the Company s workplace. 

b.
Both during and after Employee s employment with the Company, the Board, the CEO and the Company s Executive Committee (collectively,
the Company Representatives shall refrain from any disparagement, defamation, libel, or slander of any of Employee.
Nothing in this Section (b) shall prohibit the Company Representatives from discussing with third parties, including, but not
limited to, reference requests from Employee s future employers, regarding: (i) Employee s date of employment, (ii) compensation
arrangements, and (iii) the status of Employee s employment with the Company. Furthermore, nothing in this Section (b) shall
prohibit the Company Representatives from engaging in internal discussions within the Company regarding Employee s performance
or the satisfaction or execution of Employee s duties, responsibility, obligations, or authority. 

15.
 Equitable Remedies . Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Company and Related Companies could be irreparably damaged
in the event that any provision of this Agreement were breached and that money damages could be an inadequate remedy for any such nonperformance
or breach. Employee agrees that, to the extent permissible under applicable law, the Company shall be entitled, in addition to all other
rights and remedies existing in their favor, to seek injunctive or other equitable relief (including a temporary restraining order, a
preliminary injunction, and a final injunction) against Employee to prevent any actual or threatened breach of any of such provisions
and to enforce such provisions specifically in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, without the necessity
of posting a bond or other security or of proving actual damages. 

16.
 Arbitration . The Parties agree that: 

a.
 Scope . Except for Excluded Claims (as defined below in Section 16(g) ), any and all Claims arising out of the terms
of this Agreement, Employee s employment with the Company, the separation of Employee s Employment with the Company, or Employee s
relationship with the Company and Related Companies shall be subject to arbitration in Orange County, California before JAMS, pursuant
to the then-existing version of the JAMS Employment Arbitration Rules Procedures JAMS Rules ). The Parties
can obtain a copy of the JAMS Rules (i) on the JAMS website https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment ); (ii) by calling
JAMS directly at (800) 352-5267; or (iii) from the Company s Human Resources Department. The JAMS Rules are incorporated herein
by reference. Additionally, pursuant to this Section 16 , the Parties agree to arbitrate any and all Claims for violation of any
federal, state, local or municipal statute or ordinance, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; the
Civil Rights Act of 1991; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Equal Pay Act; the Fair Labor
Standards Act; the Fair Credit Reporting Act; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967; the Older Workers Benefit Protection
Act; the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; the California Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act; the California Fair Employment and Housing Act; the California Family Rights Act; the California Labor Code; and the
California Business and Professions Code. 

b.
 Arbitrability . The arbitrator, not a court, will determine issues of arbitrability or waiver of arbitrability. The Parties
waive any right to have a court determine issues of arbitrability. 

c.
 Arbitrator s Authority . The arbitrator may grant injunctions and other relief in Claims subject to arbitration pursuant
to this Agreement. Subject to applicable laws, the arbitrator shall administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with California
law, including the California Code of Civil Procedure, and the arbitrator shall apply substantive and procedural California law to any
Claim, without references to conflict-of-law provisions of any jurisdiction. To the extent that the JAMS Rules are in irreconcilable
conflict with California law, California law shall take precedence over the JAMS Rules. 

Page 11 of 22 

d.
 Final and Binding Arbitration . The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive, and binding on the Parties. The
Parties agree that that the prevailing party in any arbitration shall be entitled to injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction
to enforce the arbitration award. 

e.
 Injunctive Relief . The parties hereby agree to waive their right to have any Claim between them resolved in a court of
law by a judge or jury. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 16(e) will not prevent either Party from seeking injunctive
relief (or any other provisional remedy) from any court having jurisdiction over the Parties and the subject matter of their Claim relating
to this Agreement and the agreements incorporated herein by reference. 

f.
 Class Action Waiver . Except for Excluded Claims (as defined below in Section 16(g) ), the Parties intend and agree
that (i) class action and representative action procedures are hereby waived and shall not be asserted, nor will they apply, in any arbitration
pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) each Party will not assert class action or representative action Claims against the other Party in arbitration
or otherwise; and (iii) the Parties shall only submit their own, individual Claims in arbitration and will not seek to represent the
interests of any other person. To the extent the Parties Claims involve both timely filed Excluded Claims and Claims subject to
arbitration under this Agreement, the Parties agree to bifurcate Excluded Claims from Claims subject to arbitration, and stay the Excluded
Claims for the duration of the arbitration proceedings. 

g.
 Excluded Claims . Excluded Claims are causes of action or claims: (i) under Section 7 of the National Labor
Relations Act, (ii) for representative actions under the California s Private Attorneys General Act PAGA ),
(ii) under the California Workers Compensation Act, (iv) for unemployment compensation benefits; (v) for benefits under a plan
that is governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, (vii) occurring after a Change in Control, and (viii) expressly
prohibited from mandatory arbitration under applicable law. To the extent permitted by law, individual Claims under PAGA or Claims under
California Labor Code section 558(a) are not Excluded Claims, and thereby are subject to arbitration pursuant to this Agreement. 

h.
 Arbitration Costs and Fees . With respect to costs associated with the arbitration under this Section 16 , Employee
shall only pay the JAMS filing or administrative fee up to the equivalent amount of the initial filing Employee would have paid to commence
an action in the California Superior Court, County of Orange. The Company will pay any other JAMS administrative fees, arbitrator s
fees, and any additional fees unique to arbitration. 

i.
 Attorneys Fees for Motion to Compel Arbitration . A Party who is forced to file a motion or petition to compel arbitration
of a dispute arising under this Agreement may recover attorneys fees incurred in making the successful motion or petition. 

j.
 Operative Arbitration Agreement . Should any part of this Section 16 conflict with any other arbitration agreement
between the Parties, whether written, oral, or implied, the Parties agree that this Section 16 in this Agreement shall govern. 

17.
 Method of Providing Notice . Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be delivered (a) personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the Parties
at the addresses set forth below or (b) by email to the email addresses set forth below: 

If
to the Company : GAN Nevada, Inc., 400 Spectrum Center Dr. Suite 1900, Irvine, CA 92618; Attention: Chief Legal Officer legal@gan.com );
with a copy to Human Resources hr@gan.com 

If
to Employee : Employee s personal home and email addresses in the records of the Company, as may be updated from time to time
by Employee. 

Page 12 of 22 

18.
 Authority . The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of both of the Company
and to bind Company and all who may claim through them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Employee represents and warrants
that Employee has the capacity to act on Employee s own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through Employee to bind them
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

19.
 No Representations . Employee represents that Employee has had an opportunity to consult with an attorney and has carefully read
and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. Employee has not relied upon any representations or statements
made by the Company that are not specifically set forth in this Agreement. 

20.
 Severability . In the event that any provision or any portion of any provision hereof or any surviving agreement made a part hereof
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be illegal, unenforceable, or void, this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of provision. 

21.
 Fees and Costs . In the event that either Party brings an action to enforce or affect its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing
Party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys 
fees incurred in connection with such an action Fees and Costs ). Specifically, unless otherwise prohibited by applicable
law, an arbitrator, court, governmental agency, or other judicial tribunal shall (i) award Fees and Costs to the prevailing party of
an arbitration under this Agreement and (ii) award Fees and Costs to the prevailing party in the event any legal action or arbitration
is commenced of any kind or character to enforce the provisions of this Agreement or to obtain damages for a breach thereof. 

22.
 Mutual Drafting . Each Party has participated, or had the right to participate, in the drafting, negotiation, and preparation of
this Agreement. The Parties expressly waive any Claim, rule of law, contention, or argument that would require ambiguities in this Agreement
to be interpreted or construed against the Party that drafted the Agreement. 

23.
 Complete Integration; Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including Exhibits A, B, C, and D attached hereto) represents the entire
agreement and understanding between Company and Employee concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Employee s employment
with the Company. Except as subsequently modified pursuant to Section 24 , this Agreement (including Exhibits A, B, C, and D attached
hereto) supersedes and replaces all prior agreements, offer letters, promises, representations, and understandings concerning the subject
matter of this Agreement and Employee s employment with Company, including, but not limited to, the Prior Agreement. No extrinsic
evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial proceedings or arbitration involving the parties intent in this Agreement. 

24.
 No Oral Modification . This Agreement shall only be amended in a writing signed by both Employee and the CEO. 

25.
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard for choice-of-law provisions.
For any claim or action not covered in or subject to Section 16 , Employee consents to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and
venue in the courts within Orange County, California or within the county surrounding Employee s Principal Place of Employment. 

26.
 Section Headings . Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning
of any provision of this Agreement. 

27.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall have the same force and effect as an original
and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. The Parties also understand and agree that
a facsimile or digital signature shall be deemed an original signature for purposes of this Agreement. 

28.
 Voluntary Execution of Agreement . Employee understands and agrees that they have executed this Agreement voluntarily, without
any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of Company or any third party. Employee acknowledges that: 

a.
Employee has read this entire Agreement; 

b.
Employee has been represented or given the opportunity to be represented in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement by legal
counsel of Employee s own choice; 

c.
Employee understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement; and 

d.
Employee is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. 

Page 13 of 22 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Employment Agreement, the effect of which shall apply as of the Effective Date referenced
above. 

EMPLOYEE 

By: 

Brian
 Chang 

GAN Nevada, Inc. 

By: 

Dermot
 Smurfit, Chief Executive Officer 

Page 14 of 22 

EXHIBIT
A 

Chief
Financial Officer 

 Job
Description 

External
 Information: 

Location:
 Irvine, US 

Type:
 Full-Time,
 Exempt Position 
 Reports
 to (Supervisor): CEO 
 Direct
 Reports: FP A, Accounting, Investor Relations 

Team
Overview: 

The
Finance team is responsible for the global accounting, reporting, and forecasting for GAN and all subsidiaries. 

Job
Purpose : 

The
Chief Financial Officer directs and oversees the financial activities of the corporation, directs the preparation of current financial
reports and summaries, and creates forecasts predicting future growth. 

Description
of Job Responsibilities: 

Directs
 the preparation of all financial statements, including income statements, balance sheets,
 shareholder reports, tax returns, and governmental agency reports. 
 
 Compares
 profit projections to actual figures and budgeted expenses to actual expenses; makes or oversees
 any necessary adjustments to future projections and budgets. 
 
 Reviews
 planning process and suggests improvements to current methods. 
 
 Analyzes
 operations to identify areas in need of reorganization, downsizing, or elimination. 
 
 Partners
 across the organization to coordinate long range planning and establish priorities for the
 planning process. 
 
 Studies
 long-range economic trends and projects their impact on future growth and market share. 
 
 Identifies
 opportunities for expansion into new markets / products. 
 
 Oversees
 investment of funds and works with investment bankers to raise additional capital required
 for expansion. 
 
 Responsible
 for cash forecasts for operational requirements, debt compliance and overall liquidity purposes. 
 
 Own
 all aspects of financial controls for Sarbanes Oxley 404 compliance. 

Requirements: 

At
 least 15 years experience within finance and accounting and at least 10 years as a
 financial leader and manager in technology-focused industries 
 
 Bachelor s
 Degree and MBA preferred 
 
 CPA
 certification 
 
 Experience
 serving as a financial leader within a NASDAQ listed business as well as experience executing
 budgeting and strategic planning processes 
 
 Possess
 extensive and current knowledge of cutting-edge principles and practices associated with
 accounting, cost management, foreign exchange, finance, and systems 
 
 Thorough
 knowledge of accounting principles and procedures 
 
 Experience
 with creating financial statements, general ledger function and month-end/year-end close
 process 
 
 10+
 years of experience in corporate development, M A, and/or venture capital required. 
 
 Experience
 in the gambling industry strongly preferred. 
 
 Strong
 command of the M A processes, including strategic evaluation, negotiation, structuring,
 due diligence and execution 
 
 Extensive
 deal management experience 
 
 Strong
 business modeling and valuation ability 
 
 Ability
 to present, articulate, and defend analysis with key stakeholders. 
 
 Strong
 analytical and critical thinking skills 
 
 Excellent
 relationship building and negotiation skills 
 
 Strong
 emotional IQ (EQ) and demonstrated ability to create relationships with new people quickly
 and easily and manage those relationships effectively over time 
 
 Ability
 to thrive in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment 
 
 Self-motivated
 and solution-oriented 
 
 Highly
 organized with strong attention to detail and follow-through 
 
 Confident,
 strategic thinker 
 
 Strong
 presentations skills 
 
 Excellent
 oral and written communication skills 
 
 Ability
 to plan strategically, but stay on top of tactical execution 

Travel
Requirements: 

This
role requires up to 20 of travel to other GAN offices, clients and investors. 

Page 15 of 22 

EXHIBIT
B 

GAN
Equity Incentive Plan Included as an attachment in the DocuSign envelope 

Page 16 of 22 

EXHIBIT
C 

SEPARATION
AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 

This
Separation and Release Agreement (Agreement) is entered into between [ ] (you) and GAN Limited (Company). You and the Company (together,
the Parties) agree as follows: 

1.
 Termination of Employment Relationship : Your employment relationship with the Company will end on [ ] (Termination Date).
You will no longer be authorized to transact business or incur any expenses, obligations and liabilities on behalf of the Company after
the Termination Date. 

2.
 Acknowledgements : You acknowledge that the Company relied on the following representations by you in entering into this Agreement: 

a. You
 acknowledge that you do not have a claim of unlawful discrimination; retaliation; harassment;
 sexual harassment, abuse, assault, alleged criminal conduct, or other alleged unlawful employment
 practices or unlawful conduct against the Company or any of the Released Parties (as defined
 below). 

b. You
 have received all compensation due to you through the Termination Date as a result of services
 performed for the Company with the receipt of your final paycheck. 

c. You
 have reported to the Company any and all work-related injuries or occupational illnesses
 incurred by you during employment with the Company. 

d. The
 Company properly provided any leave of absence because of your or your family member s
 health condition or military service and you have not been subjected to any improper treatment,
 conduct or actions due to a request for or taking such leave. 

e. You
 have had the opportunity to provide the Company with written notice of any and all concerns
 regarding suspected ethical and compliance issues or violations on part of the Company. 

3.
 Full and Final Release : In exchange for the benefits provided by the Company under this Agreement, you fully and forever release
and discharge the Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and related entities and all of their respective agents, attorneys,
employees, officers, directors, shareholders, members, managers, employee benefit plans and fiduciaries, insurers, successors, and assigns,
(Released Parties) from any and all claims and potential claims that may legally be waived by private agreement, whether known or unknown,
which you have asserted or could assert against the Company arising out of or relating in any way to any acts, circumstances, facts,
transactions, omissions, based on facts occurring up to and including the date you sign this Agreement (Claims). You understand that
you are releasing such Claims on behalf of yourself and all persons who could make Claims under, through or by you, such as your spouse,
heirs, executors or assignees. 

Page 17 of 22 

This
release includes, but is not limited to, (i) any and all Claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights
Act of 1866, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA), the Family and Medical Leave Act
(FMLA), the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA), the Pregnancy Discrimination Act,
the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), any amendments to such laws, any other
federal, state, or local constitution, charter, law, rule, ordinance, regulation, or order [or those of any other county]; (ii) Claims
in equity or under common law including but not limited to claims for tort, breach of contract (express or implied, written or oral),
wrongful discharge, defamation, emotional distress, and negligence; 

(iv)
You are releasing all rights under section 1542 of the California Civil Code. Section 1542 provides as follows: 

A
general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor
at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the
debtor or released party. 

4.
 Non-Admission : This Agreement shall not be construed as an admission by the Company of any liability or acts of wrongdoing or
unlawful conduct, nor shall it be considered to be evidence of such liability, wrongdoing, or unlawful discrimination. 

5.
 Proprietary Information : You understand that you are required to return all confidential and proprietary information, computer
hardware or software, files, papers, memoranda, correspondence, customer lists, financial data, credit cards, keys, tape recordings,
pictures, and security access cards, and any other items of any nature which are the property of the Company, regardless of whether you
sign this Agreement. The Company may choose to delay payment under this Agreement if you do not return all such information to the Company.
You further agree not to retain any tangible or electronic copies of any such property in your possession or under your control. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, you also agree to retain in confidence any confidential information known to you concerning the Company
until such information is publicly available. 

6.
 Confidentiality of Agreement : You agree that you will maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement and will not disclose in
any fashion the nature and terms of this Agreement, and/or the substance or content of discussions involved in reaching this Agreement,
except to your lawyer, accountant, or immediate family, or governmental agency without the prior written consent of an officer of the
Company, except as necessary in any legal proceeding directly related your employment with the Company or the provisions and terms of
this Agreement, to prepare and file income tax forms, or as required by court order after reasonable notice to the Company; and provided
that Employee instructs the aforementioned recipient(s) of the information (with the exception of a governmental agency), and such individuals
agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement. 

7.
 Cooperation : You agree to cooperate with the Company relating to matters within your knowledge or responsibility. Without limiting
this commitment, you agree (i) to meet with Company representatives, its counsel, or other designees at mutually convenient times and
places with respect to any items within the scope of this provision; (ii) to provide truthful testimony regarding same to any court,
agency, or other adjudicatory body; (iii) to provide the Company with notice of contact by any non-governmental adverse party or such
adverse party s representative, except as may be required by law. The Company will reimburse you for reasonable expenses in connection
with the cooperation described in this paragraph. 

Page 18 of 22 

This
paragraph shall not require you to cooperate with the Company regarding any charge or litigation in which you are a charging or complaining
party, or any confidential investigation by a government agency in which you are asked by such agency to maintain information in confidence. 

8.
 Non-Disparagement : You agree that you shall not make, directly or indirectly, to any person or entity, including but not limited
to the Company s present, future, and/or former employees and/or clients, and/or the press, any negative, derogatory or disparaging
oral, written and/or electronic statements about the Company, their products and services, or your employment with and/or separation
from employment with the Company, or do anything which damages the Company or any of its and/or their products and services, reputation,
good will, financial status, or business or client relationships. You further agree not to post any such statements on the internet or
any blog or social networking site, including but not limited to Facebook, Glassdoor, LinkedIn, or any other internet site or platform. 

9.
 Applicable Law : This Agreement shall be interpreted under the law of the state in which you worked for the Company, without regard
to conflicts of laws principles. 

10.
 Complete Release : This Release constitutes the complete and total agreement between you and the Company with respect to issues
addressed in this Agreement, except your obligations you may have under any other Agreements with the Company regarding the non-disclosure
of trade secrets and confidential or proprietary information, prohibiting solicitation of customers, suppliers, or employees, prohibiting
competition with the employer, assigning intellectual property, or providing for a dispute resolution mechanism including arbitration,
contained in any agreements you have entered into with the Company under applicable law, including the Employment Agreement. You represent
that you are not relying on any other written or oral representations not fully expressed in this document. You agree that this Agreement
shall not be modified, altered, or discharged except by written instrument signed by you and an authorized Company representative. The
headings in this document are for reference only, and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

11.
 Severability : You agree that should any part of this Agreement except the release of claims be found to be void or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction, that determination will not affect the remainder of this Agreement. 

12.
 Use As Evidence : The Parties agree that this Agreement may be used as evidence in a subsequent proceeding in which any of the
Parties allege a breach of this Agreement or as a complete defense to any lawsuit brought by any party. Other than this exception, the
Parties agree that this Agreement will not be introduced as evidence in any proceeding or in any lawsuit. 

Page 19 of 22 

13.
 Binding Agreement and Covenant Not to Sue : You understand that following the Revocation Period (as defined below), this Agreement
will be final and binding. You promise not to file a lawsuit or arbitration proceeding based on any claim that is settled by this Agreement.
If you break this promise or fail to comply with your obligations under the Agreement, you agree to pay all of the Company s costs
and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) related to the defense of any claims covered by this Agreement or any Released
Party s efforts to enforce the terms of this Agreement, except this covenant not to sue does not apply to claims under the Older
Worker Benefit Protection Act (OWBPA) and the ADEA. Although you are releasing claims that you may have under the ADEA, you may challenge
the knowing and voluntary nature of this release before a court, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or any other federal,
state, or local agency charged with the enforcement of any employment laws. You understand, however, that if you pursue a claim against
the Company under the OWBPA and/or the ADEA to challenge the validity of this Agreement and the Company prevails on the merits of an
ADEA claim, or a Released Party files a lawsuit or arbitration to enforce any part of this Agreement, a court has the discretion to determine
whether the Company is entitled to restitution, recoupment, or set off (hereinafter reduction against a monetary award
obtained by you in the court proceeding. A reduction never can exceed the amount you recover, or the consideration you received for signing
this Agreement, whichever is less. This provision is not intended to preclude otherwise available recovery of attorneys fees
or cost specifically authorized under applicable law. 

14.
 Advice of Counsel : You acknowledge that you have read and fully understand the terms of this Agreement. The Company advises you,
in writing, to consult with an attorney of your choice regarding the terms of this Agreement prior to signing this Agreement. 

15.
 Consideration Period : You understand that you have at least 21 days from the date you receive this Agreement and any attached
information to consider the terms of this Agreement, including whether to sign this Agreement (Consideration Period). You must not
sign this Agreement prior to the Termination Date. If you choose to sign this Agreement before the Consideration Period ends, you
represent that it is because you freely chose to do so after carefully considering its terms. You agree with the Company that changes,
whether material or immaterial, do not toll or restart the running of the Consideration Period. You agree the Company has made no threats
or promises to induce you to sign earlier. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a negotiated agreement as defined by
California law (Government Code 12964.5(c)(2) defines negotiated to mean the Agreement is voluntary, deliberate,
and informed, provides consideration of value to the employee, and that the employee is given notice and an opportunity to retain an
attorney or is represented by an attorney ). 

16.
 Revocation Period : You shall have seven calendar days from the date you sign this Agreement to revoke this Agreement by delivering
a written notice of revocation to the same person as you returned this Agreement (Revocation Period). If the Revocation Period expires
on a weekend or holiday, you will have until the end of the next business day to revoke. This Agreement will become effective on the
day after the end of the Revocation Period (Effective Date), provided you do not revoke this Agreement. 

17.
 Return of Signed Agreement : You are required to return your signed Agreement and any written revocation notice to Betty Wong,
Chief People Officer at bwong@gan.com. 

18.
 No Interference with Rights : You understand
this Agreement does not apply to (i) claims for unemployment or workers compensation benefits, (ii) claims or rights that may
arise after the date that you sign this Agreement, (iii) claims for reimbursement of expenses under the Company s expense reimbursement
policies, (iv) any vested rights under the Company s ERISA-covered employee benefit plans as applicable on the date you sign this
Agreement, and (v) any claims that controlling law clearly states may not be released by private agreement. Moreover, nothing in this
Agreement (including but not limited to the acknowledgements, release of claims, the promise not to sue, the confidentiality and non-disparagement
obligations, cooperation, and the return of property provision) (i) limits or affects your right to challenge the validity of this Agreement
under the ADEA or the OWBPA, (ii) prevents from communicating with, filing a charge or complaint with; providing documents or information
voluntarily or in response to a subpoena or other information request to; or from participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted
by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Occupational
Safety and Health Administration, law enforcement, or any other any federal, state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any
laws, or from responding to a subpoena or discovery request in court litigation or arbitration, or (iii) precludes you from exercising
your rights, if any, under Section 7 of the NLRA or under similar state law to engage in protected, concerted activity with other employees,
including discussing your compensation or terms and conditions of employment. 

Page 20 of 22 

In
addition, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in
the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful; waive your right
to testify in an administrative, legislative, or judicial proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or alleged sexual harassment
on the part of the Company, or on the part of the agents or employees of the Company, when you have been required or requested to attend
such a proceeding pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or written request from an administrative agency or the legislature. 

By
signing this Agreement you are waiving your right to recover any individual relief (including any backpay, frontpay, reinstatement or
other legal or equitable relief) in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit or other proceeding brought by you or on your behalf by any third
party, except for any right you may have to receive a payment or award from a government agency (and not the Company) for information
provided to the government agency or where otherwise prohibited. 

Notwithstanding
your confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations in this Agreement and otherwise, you understand that as provided by the Federal Defend
Trade Secrets Act, you will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of
a trade secret made: (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney,
and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (2) in a complaint or other document filed
in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 

In
exchange for the promises contained in this Agreement, the Company promises to provide the benefits set forth in this Agreement. 

Date:____________ 
 ____________________________ 
 Betty
 Wong, Chief People Officer 
 _______________________________
 
 Signature

You
have read this Agreement and understand its legal and binding effect. You are acting voluntarily, deliberately, and of your own free
will in signing this Agreement. The Company has provided you with all information needed to make an informed decision to sign this Agreement,
notice of and an opportunity to retain an attorney, and an opportunity to ask questions about this Agreement. 

Date:____________ 
 Not
 valid if signed before Termination Date 
 ___________________________ 
 Employee
 Name Printed 
 _______________________________ 
 Signature 

Page 21 of 22 

EXHIBIT
D 

WRITTEN
NOTIFICATION TO EMPLOYEE 

In
accordance with California Labor Code section 2872, you are hereby notified that your Employment Agreement does not require you to assign
to GAN Nevada, Inc. or its Affiliates (the Company any Company intellectual property for which no equipment, supplies,
facility, or trade secret information of the Company was used and that was developed entirely on your own time, and does not relate to
the business of the Company or to the Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or does not result
from any work performed by you for the Company. 

Following
is the text of California Labor Code section 2870: 

a. Any
 provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer
 to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply
 to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using
 the employer s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information, except
 for those inventions that either: 

(1) Relate
 at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employer s
 business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer;
 or 

(2) Result
 from any work performed by the employee for the employer. 

b. To
 the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign
 an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a),
 the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable. 

Page 22 of 22 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiary 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation 
 
 GAN (UK) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 GameAccount Alderney Limited 
 
 Alderney 
 
 GAN Nevada, Inc. 
 
 United States 
 
 GAN Software Services BG Ltd 
 
 Bulgaria 
 
 Lockbox Games Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 GAN Digital Ltd 
 
 Israel 
 
 GAN Services Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Vincent Group Ltd 
 
 Malta 
 
 StayCool O 
 
 Estonia 
 
 Polar Ltd 
 
 Malta 
 
 DoubleSpin Ltd 
 
 Guernsey 
 
 VG Estonia O 
 
 Estonia 
 
 CheckBox Limited 
 
 Malta 
 
 SureWin Limited 
 
 Malta 
 
 PayFlow Limited 
 
 Malta 
 
 GAN Ontario Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Coolbear Ontario Limited 
 
 Canada 
 
 GAN Chile SpA 
 
 Chile 
 
 Big Blind Limited 
 
 Isle of Man 
 
 Isle of Bear Limited 
 
 Isle of Man 
 
 Oso Plateado S. de R.L. de
 C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 OsoCity S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

GAN Limited 

 Irvine, California 

We have issued our report dated April 14, 2023, with
respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of GAN Limited on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statements of GAN Limited on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-258987) and on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-258989, 333 253102, and 333-238017). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Los Angeles, California 

 April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER S FORM OF 302 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Dermot S. Smurfit, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
 GAN Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
 any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
 other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and
 I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
 caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
 the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
 or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
April 14, 2023 

/s/
 DERMOT S. SMURFIT 

Dermot S. Smurfit 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER S FORM OF 302
CERTIFICATION 

I, Brian Chang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of GAN Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ BRIAN CHANG 

Brian Chang 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of GAN Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, Dermot S. Smurfit, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ DERMOT S. SMURFIT 

Dermot S. Smurfit 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of GAN Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, Brian Chang, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ BRIAN CHANG 

Brian Chang 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 gan-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 28
 gan-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 29
 gan-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 30
 gan-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

