<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230525_10-K_edgar_data_1450704_0001829126-23-003752.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9838992</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>344521</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1589175</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3144491</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2018938</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2506439</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-003752.hdr.sgml : 20230525
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230524192008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-003752
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230525
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230524

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vivakor, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001450704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFUSE SYSTEMS [4953]
		IRS NUMBER:				262178141
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41286
		FILM NUMBER:		23955553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4101 NORTH THANKSGIVING WAY
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 887-6890

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4101 NORTH THANKSGIVING WAY
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-003752.txt : 20230525

10-K
 1
 vivakor_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive office) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market
 LLC 
(Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the 13,361,835 voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was 
based on the closing price of 2.20 per share of the registrant s common stock as quoted on The Nasdaq Capital Market on that date. 

As
of May 5, 2023, there were shares of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 12 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 25 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 31 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 33 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 33 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 34 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 39 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 43 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 48 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 49 

Signatures 
 
 52 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that present our current expectations or forecasts of future events.
These statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and
include statements regarding, among other things, our projected revenue growth and profitability, our growth strategies and opportunity,
anticipated trends in our market and our anticipated needs for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, 
 will, should, anticipate, estimate, plans, potential, 
 projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, management believes, we
believe, we intend or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology.
These statements may be found under the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business, as well as in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K generally. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, prospective products, market
acceptance, future performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, and the outcome of contingencies
such as legal proceedings and financial results. 

Examples
of forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, our expectations regarding our
business strategy, business prospects, operating results, operating expenses, working capital, liquidity and capital expenditure requirements.
Important assumptions relating to the forward-looking statements include, among others, assumptions regarding demand for our products
and services, the cost, terms and availability of components, pricing levels, the timing and cost of capital expenditures, competitive
conditions and general economic conditions. These statements are based on our management s expectations, beliefs and assumptions
concerning future events affecting us, which in turn are based on currently available information. These assumptions could prove inaccurate.
Although we believe that the estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may
prove to be incorrect. 

Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

changes
in the market acceptance of our products and services; 

increased levels of competition; 

changes
in political, economic or regulatory conditions generally and in the markets in which we operate; 

our
relationships with our key customers; 

adverse
conditions in the industries in which our customers operate; 

our
ability to retain and attract senior management and other key employees; 

our
ability to quickly and effectively respond to new technological developments; 

our
ability to protect our trade secrets or other proprietary rights, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others and
prevent others from infringing on the proprietary rights of the Company; and 

other
risks, including those described in the Risk Factors discussion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict
all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking
statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of
them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

ii 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Company, we, 
 our , us and Vivakor refer to Vivakor, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

On
February 14, 2022, we effected a 1-for-30 reverse split of our authorized and outstanding shares of preferred and common stock (the
 Reverse Stock Split via the filing of a certificate of change with the Nevada Secretary of State which was effective at
the commencement of trading of our Common Stock. No fractional shares of the Company s common stock will be issued as a result
of the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split will be rounded up to the nearest whole share.
Unless otherwise noted the share and per share information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflects the Reverse Stock Split. 

Following
the Reverse Stock Split, the Company has 41,666,667 shares of common stock authorized and 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized.
All share and per share information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented,
unless otherwise indicated, to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split, including the financial statements and notes thereto. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item 1
 - Business 

Vivakor, Inc. is a socially responsible operator,
acquirer and developer of technologies and assets in the oil and gas industry, as well as, related environmental solutions. Currently,
our efforts are primarily focused on operating crude oil gathering, storage and transportation facilities, as well as contaminated soil
remediation services. One of our facilities sells crude oil in amounts up to 60,000 barrels per month under agreements with a large energy
company. A different facility owns a 120,000 barrel crude oil storage tank near Colorado City, Texas. The storage tank is presently connected
to the Lotus pipeline system, and we plan to further connect the tank to major pipeline systems. Our soil remediation services specialize
in the remediation of soil and the extraction of hydrocarbons, such as oil, from properties contaminated by, or laden with, heavy crude
oil and other hydrocarbon-based substances. Our patented process allows us to successfully recover the hydrocarbons which we believe could
then be used to produce asphaltic cement and/or other petroleum-based products. 

Recent
Developments 

Acquisition
of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC and White Claw Colorado City, LLC 

On June 15, 2022, we entered into a Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement(the MIPA ), with Jorgan Development, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company Jorgan and JBAH Holdings, LLC, a Texas limited liability company JBAH and, together with Jorgan, the Sellers ), as
the equity holders of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company SFD and White Claw Colorado City,
LLC, a Texas limited liability company WCCC whereby, at closing, which occurred on August 1, 2022, the Company acquired
all of the issued and outstanding membership interests in each of SFD and WCCC (the Membership Interests ), making SFD and
WCCC wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. The purchase price for the Membership Interests is approximately 32.9 million, after post-closing
adjustments, paid for by the Company with a combination of shares of the Company s common stock, amount equal to 19.99 of the number
of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock immediately prior to issuance, secured three-year promissory notes
made by the Company in favor of the Sellers. The MIPA is also subject to unwinding in the event of a breach of a material term of the
MIPA, as set forth in the MIPA. 

The
MIPA contains customary representations and warranties, pre- and post-closing covenants of each party and customary closing condition. 

The
principal amount of the Notes, together with any and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will be paid to the Sellers on a monthly
basis in an amount equal to the Monthly Free Cash Flow beginning on August 20, 2022, and continuing thereafter on the twentieth
(20th) calendar day of each calendar month thereafter, as set forth in the MIPA. 

Without
in any way limiting the foregoing, the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any and all accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, will be due and payable in full in cash or unrestricted common stock of the Company on or prior to the three-year anniversary
of the date of issuance, as set forth in the MIPA. 

The
obligations of the Company under the MIPA are secured by the membership units of SFD and WCCC. 

The
timely and full payment of any and all principal, interest and other amounts due and owing to the Sellers pursuant to the Notes and the
other transaction documents and the payment of any and all other obligations owed to the Sellers by the Company under the Notes or thereunder
are guaranteed solely by, and to the extent set forth in, the Guaranty Agreements between each of the Sellers and SFD and WCCC. 

SFD
operates a crude oil gathering, storage, and transportation facility located on approximately 9.3 acres near Delhi, Louisiana. Under
existing agreements, a subsidiary of a large NYSE traded energy company (the Purchaser is obligated to purchase crude
oil from SFD in amounts up to 60,000 barrels per month. With prior approval, SFD is eligible to sell to the Purchaser amounts greater
than 60,000 barrels of crude oil per month. Additionally, for a period of 10 years, SFD is, under existing crude oil supply agreements
with WC Crude, guaranteed a minimum gross margin of 5.00 per barrel on all quantities of crude oil sold thereunder. At present, SFD
is gathering and selling approximately 1,400 to 1,700 barrels of crude oil on a daily basis. Additionally, the acquisition of SFD would
provide the Company with the infrastructure needed to place a Remediation Processing Machine RPC to clean soil which
has been contaminated by hydrocarbons as well as tank bottom sludge. Management believes SFD s location in the heart of the Smackover
formation would provide the Company with access to significant amounts of tank bottom sludge and contaminated soil. 

1 

WCCC
operates a 120,000 barrel crude oil storage tank, in the heart of the Permian Basin, located near Colorado City, Texas. The storage tank
is presently connected to the Lotus pipeline system and the Company intends to further connect the tank to a major pipeline system. Under
the terms of an existing agreement, WC Crude has agreed to lease the oil storage tank for a period of 10 years. As with SFD, WCCC would
provide the Company with the infrastructure to process and sell oil which has been recovered via a RPC machine from tank bottom sludge
and contaminated soil which exists in the Permian Basin. 

Off-Take
Agreement 

On April 26, 2022,
our subsidiary Vivaventures Energy Group, Inc., entered into a Product Off-Take Agreement (the Off-Take Agreement ), with
Hot Oil Transport, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company HOT ). Pursuant to the Off-Take Agreement, the Company plans
to produce asphalt that meets certain specifications from its Vernal, Utah RPC plant. HOT will be obligated to purchase from the Company
certain quantities of the product from the plant once the plant begins to produce the product, on the terms and conditions set forth in
the Off-Take Agreement. The quantity of the product to be sold and purchased pursuant to this Agreement will be (i) 1,000 tons of the
product per week, or (ii) the entirety of any lesser amount that may be produced by the Company during any given week. The Off-Take Agreement
sets for forth the rates for the sale and purchase of up to 1,000 tons of product per week. The Off-Take Agreement provides for an initial
term of ten years. The Off-Take Agreement will automatically renew for two successive ten-year terms, subject to the Company s right
to continue operating at the current Plant site, unless either party terminates the Off-Take Agreement by written notice to the other
party not less than three months prior to the expiration of the term. During a term, the Off-Take Agreement can only be terminated for
(i) abandonment or termination of Project by the Company; (ii) default by the other party; or (iii) in connection with occurrence of a
force majeure. Currently the operations at our Vernal plant are limited due to recent, temporary supply and personnel limitations. We
are not currently producing product toward the Off-Take Agreement due to these recent developments. We continue to assess the impact of
these limitations on this agreement and ancillary agreements. 

Land
Lease Agreement 

On December 16, 2022, our subsidiary, Vivaventures
Remediation Corp. entered into a Land Lease Agreement (the Land Lease with W P Development Corporation, under which
we agreed to lease approximately 3.5 acres of land in Houston, Texas (commonly known as The San Jacinto River Rail Park, 18511 Beaumont
Highway, Houston, Texas). The Land Lease is for an initial term of 126 months and may be extended for an additional 120 months at our
discretion. Our monthly rent is 0 for the first three months and then at month 4 it is approximately 7,000 (based on a 50 reduction)
and increases to approximately 13,000 in month 7 and then increases annually up to approximately 16,000 per month by the end of the
initial term. We plan to place one or more of our RPC machines on the property, as well as store certain equipment. 

Our
Operations and Resulting Financial Impact 

Crude
Oil Gathering, Storage and Transportation 

As
a result of our acquisitions of WCCC and SFD we entered into the crude oil gathering, storage and transportation industry. 

SFD operates a crude oil gathering, storage, and
transportation facility located on approximately 9.3 acres near Delhi, Louisiana. Under existing agreements, a subsidiary of a large NYSE
traded energy company (the Purchaser is obligated to purchase crude oil from SFD in amounts up to 60,000 barrels per month.
With prior approval, SFD is eligible to sell to the Purchaser amounts greater than 60,000 barrels of crude oil per month. Additionally,
for a period of 10 years, SFD is, under existing crude oil supply agreements with WC Crude, guaranteed a minimum gross margin of 5.00
per barrel on all quantities of crude oil sold thereunder. At present, SFD is gathering and selling approximately 1,400 to 2,000 barrels
of crude oil on a daily basis. The facility has a daily capacity to gather and sell approximately 4,000 barrels of crude oil. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 27,300,210 in revenue from SFD s operations. 

2 

WCCC operates a 120,000 barrel crude oil storage
tank, in the heart of the Permian Basin, located near Colorado City, Texas. The storage tank is presently connected to the Lotus pipeline
system and the Company intends to further connect the tank to major pipeline systems. Under the terms of an existing agreement, WC Crude
has agreed to lease the oil storage tank for a period of 10 years. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 758,164 in
revenue from WCCC s operations. 

Remediation
Processing Centers 

We
presently have two projects utilizing our first two manufactured RPCs - our project in Kuwait and our project in Vernal, Utah. 

In
Kuwait, pursuant to an agreement with Al Dali International Co., a company organized under the laws of Kuwait DIC ), we
will be due 50,000 upon the successful remediation of the first 100 tons 500 per ton) of contaminated soil under its subcontractor
services for the Kuwait Oil Company KOC Remediation Contract. In addition, we will be due 20 per treated ton of soil
after the initial 100 tons. The treatment process using the RPC plants is also anticipated to generate a bitumen sub-product. We have
agreed with DIC to sell this sub-product and share the net profits equally (50 to the us and 50 to DIC), after allocating 30 of the
net profits to DIC in the form of a sales and marketing payment, which will be invoiced on a monthly basis, in accordance with the Agreement.
Pursuant to the Agreement, we will have a stockpile of at least 444,311 tons with at least 5 oil contamination for us to remediate.
The operations surrounding our first RPC for this project were temporarily suspended until recently. Pursuant to the Agreement, in 2023
we finished refurbishing the RPC and have commenced the testing operations of the first 100 tons and thereafter plan to begin remediating
the 444,311 ton stockpile. 

Our
RPC situated in Vernal, Utah has the capacity to process 500 tons or more of naturally occurring oil sands deposits per day. We estimate
that if the extracted material is composed of at least 10 oil, we will recover approximately 250 barrels of extracted hydrocarbons each
day, which could then be sold for energy or converted to asphaltic cement and sold for use in roads at higher prices. Currently the operations
at our Vernal plant are limited due to recent, temporary supply and personnel limitations. We are not currently producing product toward
the Off-Take Agreement due to these recent developments. We continue to assess the impact of these limitations on this agreement and
ancillary agreements. 

Ancillary
to our Vernal, Utah operations, we have an exclusive license agreement with TBT Group, Inc., under which we are exploring the possibilities
of embedding self-powered sensors directly into the asphaltic cement we may generate from the Vernal, Utah RPC utilizing TBT Group s
piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we realized an impairment loss of 447,124
on this license agreement with TBT Group due to the current disruptions at the Vernal, Utah facility. 

Precious
Metals Extraction Services 

We previously extracted and sold precious metals
using our extraction machinery and held extracted precious metals from those operations for monetization. The operations surrounding
our precious metals extraction services were suspended until recently, although due to these suspended activities and a shift
in 2022 of the Company s focus to the oil and gas industry, we have realized an impairment loss of 1,166,709 surrounding our precious
metal concentrate and an impairment loss of 6,269,998 surrounding the extraction machinery, which fully impairs the precious metals assets. 

Market
Opportunity 

Crude
Oil Gathering, Storage and Transportation 

We are presently seeking additional acquisition
or development opportunities within the traditional midstream oil and gas sector which are complementary to our existing facilities which
provide us with an opportunity to capture more of the energy value chain. 

3 

Remediation
Processing Centers 

Houston 

In April 2022, we contracted with an industrial
solutions service company as independent contractor to assist us in placing a RPC in the Houston, Texas market for the purpose of processing
hydrocarbon tank bottoms. The contractor will assist in our operations in the Gulf Coast Region, including Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas,
Oklahoma, and New Mexico. In conjunction with our contractor, we secured a site location to mobilize, commission, and operate the Company s
RPC technology, which is anticipated to be on the land lease we entered into in December 2022 for approximately 3.5 acres of
land in Houston, Texas (commonly known as The San Jacinto River Rail Park). The Land Lease is for an initial term of 126 months
and may be extended for an additional 120 months. Our contractor has begun acquiring required state and local permits, which are prerequisites
to us being able to deliver and set up a RPC we had manufactured in 2022 and 2023. After the RPC is set up and tested in Houston, Texas
we intend to contract with the independent contractor to assist us in operating the RPC and to supply us with a workforce to do so. 

Kuwait 

The
United Nations (UN) had allocated up to 14.7 billion for post-Iraq war reparations in order to clean up Kuwait. Kuwait suffered extensive
contamination as a result of the 1991 Persian Gulf War. 

As
a result of successfully testing our technology on the contaminated material in Kuwait, including reducing the amount of contaminated
material in Kuwait from 20 hydrocarbon contamination to just 0.2 hydrocarbon contamination, based on third party independent testing
performed by ALS Arabia in March 2020, we were engaged by a subcontractor, DIC, which is approved by KOC for the Kuwait Environmental
Remediation Program KERP project. 

The KERP project is anticipated to involve approximately
26 million cubic meters of contaminated oil sands requiring remediation. We expect that as much as 20 of the contaminated soil will contain
more than 5 hydrocarbon contamination. Our agreement with DIC is for clean up of a portion of the KERP project. 

The
oil recovered from these projects in Kuwait is considered a sovereign asset, so the ability to reclaim this asset also creates a social
value for the country. In order to remediate all of the contaminated sand exhibiting greater than 7 contamination in the timeframe required
by the UN, we anticipate obtaining further agreements through KOC to expand its service contract over the next several years. 

On
December 14, 2021, we, together with our subsidiary, Vivaventures Energy Group, Inc., entered into a Services Agreement (the Services
Agreement with Al Dali International Co., a company organized under the laws of Kuwait DIC ). The Government of
Kuwait and the United Nations, acting through the Kuwait Oil Company KOC has awarded to Enshaat Al Sayer rights to remediate
contaminated soil under the Kuwait Remediation Program pursuant to the South Kuwait Excavation, Transportation and Remediation Project KOC Remediation Contract ). To fulfill its role, Enshaat Al Sayer has engaged the Company, through the Company s
agreement with DIC, to perform contaminated soil treatment for the KOC Remediation Contract using the Company s patented technology
for extracting hydrocarbons, through the Company s Remediation Processing Center RPC plants. 

We
are due to receive 50,000 upon the successful remediation of the first 100 tons 500 per ton) of contaminated soil under its subcontractor
services for the KOC Remediation Contract. In addition, we are due to receive 20 per treated ton of soil after the initial 100 tons.
The treatment process using the RPC plants is anticipated to generate a bitumen sub-product. The Company and DIC have agreed to sell
this sub-product and share the net profits equally (50 to the Company and 50 to DIC), after allocating 30 of the net profits to DIC
in the form of a sales and marketing payment, which will be invoiced on a monthly basis, in accordance with the Agreement. Pursuant to
the Agreement, we will have a stockpile of at least 444,311 tons with at least 5 oil contamination for us to remediate. 

Pursuant
to the Agreement, one of our pilot RPC plants is on location and we are currently running test runs with the pilot plant. Assuming the
test runs with the pilot plant prove successful, then within one year of certain contract milestones being met, we will provide a larger
RPC plant capable of processing 40 tons of soil per hour. We will bear the cost of the related manufacturing, deployment, break-down
and spare parts of the RPCs. The RPC plant remediation services must reduce TPH contamination to less than 1 . DIC will provide all other
costs for bonds, infrastructure, and operations of the plant. 

4 

Vernal,
Utah Project 

The State of Utah has, according to the U.S. Geological
Survey, approximately 14 billion barrels of measured oil in place with an additional estimated 23 to 28 billion barrels of oil contained
in contaminated oil sands that are deposited near the ground surface. We believe that the crude from these oil sands can be turned into
asphaltic cement for making roads or upgraded for polymers or fuel. In June 2021, we entered into an agreement with the owner of
such parcel of land that permitted us to continue to operate on the land on a month-to-month basis. In March 2022, we entered into
a land lease with the Vernal, Utah landowner for a five year term, with an optional 5 year extension, allowing us to process up to 2,000
tons per day of oil sand material, with a guarantee by the land owner to deliver material with a minimum of 10 hydrocarbon by weight. 

The Vernal property contains approximately 100
million cubic yards of oil sand material available for processing. The property is located on approximately 600 acres. We believe that
we could ultimately recover as much as 40 million barrels of oil from this property as a whole if we are able to economically scale our
operations and obtain further land leases from the landowner. 

Currently
the operations at our Vernal plant are limited due to recent, temporary supply and personnel limitations. We are not currently producing
product toward the Off-Take Agreement due to these recent developments. The Company continues to assess the impact of these limitations
on this agreement and ancillary agreements. 

Ancillary to our Vernal, Utah operations, we have
an exclusive license agreement with TBT Group, Inc., under which we are exploring the possibilities of embedding self-powered sensors
directly into the asphaltic cement we may generate from the Vernal, Utah RPC utilizing TBT Group s piezo electric and energy harvesting
technologies. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we impaired the license agreement with TBT Group due to the current disruptions
at the Vernal, Utah facility. 

Our
Technologies 

We
own and/or license a number of technologies that allow us to effectively operate our remediation and recovery business along with other
technologies that provide synergies with our core business. The description of these various technologies follows. 

Hydrocarbon
Extraction Technology 

In 2015, we acquired and improved technology aimed
at remediating contaminated soil and recovering usable hydrocarbons, which is used in our remediation plants (also known as Remediation
Processing Centers or RPCs). We presently have two US patents and pending foreign applications related to our RPCs. Our RPCs each have
the potential to clean a minimum of 20 tons of contaminated material per hour, depending on the oil contamination percentage in the processed
material. Each RPC has the capacity to process 500 tons or more of contaminated material per day on a 24-hour operation. The amount of
extracted hydrocarbon recovered depends on the extent to which the material is contaminated. We estimate that for every 480 tons of contaminated
material processed per day that contains at least 10 oil, we will recover approximately 250 barrels of extracted hydrocarbons. 

We
believe our RPCs are significantly more advanced than other oil remediation technologies or offerings presently available on the market.
Our RPCs have successfully cleaned contaminated soil containing greater than 7 hydrocarbon content, while, to our knowledge, our competitors
are limited to projects containing less than 5 hydrocarbon contamination. We believe our ability to clean soil with higher percentages
of hydrocarbon contamination is a distinctive advantage that will allow us to operate on a global basis in any location that has suffered
from oil spills or naturally occurring oil sands deposits. 

Automation
and Machine Learning 

The
RPC systems we build are automated and controlled by software enabling us to maximize efficiencies. We believe that these automations
may ultimately allow us to operate the RPCs twenty-four hours a day, resulting in continuous feed capabilities that will allow us to
manage our systems remotely world-wide. Each RPC unit is designed with a focus on automation to achieve our Key Performance Indicators
(KPIs). We have deployed data analytics and machine learning, to enable operations to be predictive, reduce risk, improve safety, and
reduce costs. 

5 

Hydrocarbon
Upgrading Technologies 

We
have acquired and/or licensed two separate technologies described below that will enable us to upgrade the hydrocarbons recovered from
our remediation process. These processes have been proven in laboratory tests, but we have not yet performed this upgrading in a commercial
setting. 

On
September 30, 2020, we entered into an Intellectual Property License Agreement BGreen License Agreement with BGreen,
LLC BGreen ), pursuant to which we have been granted a worldwide, exclusive, non-transferable license to the intellectual
property embodied in BGreen s cavitation technology to develop, manufacture, have manufactured, use market, import, have imported,
offer for sale and sell cavitation devices built from the licensed intellectual property. The BGreen License Agreement also grants us
the first right of refusal to purchase all devices and all intellectual property associated with the cavitation technology. To date we
have only deployed limited resources to this project, and we are not sure when, or if, we will deploy additional resources to further
explore the possibilities of this technology. 

In
addition, in 2017, we acquired from CSS Nanotech an exclusive right to use their nano-sponge technology for 2,416,572 in Series C Preferred
Stock, which has since converted to common stock. The technology essentially serves as a micro-upgrader, transforming hydrocarbon product
into a more useful product, such as petroleum or gasoline, as an addition to our hydrocarbon extraction technology. The inventor of this
technology subsequently joined us as our Chief Scientific Officer. This patented technology allows for hydrocarbon material to be absorbed
by a specialized sponge. Low energy microwaves are then introduced into the process and the sponge, which is made of a highly thermally
conductive material, absorbs this energy causing an instant thermal effect, which essentially refines the crude by cutting or cracking
the carbon chains. We intend to add this system to our process of upgrading the heavy crude recovered by our RPCs. 

We
believe that each of these technologies has the ability to upgrade the heavy crude that is recovered from our recovery and remediation
process based on our needs and demand, and we intend to fully integrate these technologies into our process. 

Competitive
Strengths and Growth Strategy 

Our two primary growth strategies for our crude
oil gathering, storage and transportation services is to attempt to acquire additional barrels of oil for our services, and to seek to
acquire businesses that have operations that are synergistic with our current operations. 

Regarding our remediation services, we are focused
on the remediation of contaminated soil and water resulting from either man-made spills or naturally occurring deposits of oil. Historically,
our primary focus has been the remediation of oil spills resulting from the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait and naturally occurring oil sands
deposits in the Uinta basin located in Eastern Utah. However, we plan to expand into other markets where we believe our technology and
services will provide a distinct competitive advantage over our competition. 

To that end, in April 2022, we contracted
with an industrial solutions service company as independent contractor to assist us in placing a RPC in the Houston, Texas market for
the purpose of processing hydrocarbon tank bottoms. 

Additionally, in the future we intend to focus
on placing additional RPCs in the Gulf Coast Region, including Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, as well as in Oklahoma, and New Mexico. In
order to place RPCs at these locations we will need to secure the necessary financing and manufacture additional RPCs, as well as contract
with the site locations in order to install the RPCs. 

In addition to our growth strategies set forth
above, we are also focused on growth through the acquisition of synergistic businesses and are regularly reviewing potential acquisition
targets. 

6 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe the following strengths provide us with a distinct competitive advantage and will enable us to effectively compete on a global
basis: 

Proprietary patented technology; 

Environmental advantages; and 

Experienced and highly-skilled management, Board of
 Directors and Advisory Board. 

Proprietary
Patented Technology 

In
total, we, together with our subsidiaries, have intellectual property that is in the form of both proprietary knowledge and patents.
Our patent portfolio consists of four issued U.S. patents, and several pending patent applications internationally. In addition, we have
licensed from our partners the right to use additional patented technologies. 

We
believe, based on direct and ongoing conversations with our customers and third-party independent test results, that our technology is
the only commercially available technology that can not only clean soil that contains greater than 7 hydrocarbon, but also preserves
the hydrocarbons extracted from such soil for future use. We believe that this provides us with a true competitive advantage. 

Our
main technology has been tested and validated for all of its claims by separate, independent expert firms both in the United States and
the Middle East, whose reports confirm that we have reclamation technology, which has been tested and reviewed, that possesses the ability
to clean soil with more than 7 hydrocarbon contamination and still leave the recovered hydrocarbons in a usable state. 

Environmental
Advantages 

Among
our key corporate objectives is to be at the forefront of social responsibility for its technological impact. We strive for all of our
systems to ultimately become closed loop systems, to minimize adverse impacts on air quality and reduce the need for use of clean water.
Our ability to turn waste into value is in line with this core objective. Our remediation projects in Kuwait are expected to reduce emissions
from vaporization of the oil spilled in the soil. The ability to clean produced water from oil production can eliminate the need for
evaporation ponds, improving air quality and saving on the use of clean water. 

We
believe our technology and service offerings will position us well to conduct our business in any geographical region in which soil or
water has been contaminated by hydrocarbons. 

Experienced
and Highly Skilled Management, Board of Directors and Advisory Board 

Our management team has started and successfully
grown numerous companies and has utilized this experience to develop a strategic vision for the Company. We have demonstrated the effectiveness
of our technologies in both Vernal, Utah and Kuwait, accomplishing the clean-up of contaminated areas. 

Our Board of Directors is comprised of accomplished
professionals who bring decades of experience to the Company. Our Board of Directors includes our Chief Executive Officer, who brings
more than two decades of experience in midstream oil and gas senior management roles, our Chief Financial Officer, who is a CPA and previously
worked at Deloitte LLP (USA) and later at Withum+Brown, PC, where he worked with clients with assets of more than 100 billion and annual
revenues of more than 15 billion, a director who has served as chief financial officer for five listed companies, including working as
point person for over 20 acquisition transactions and as audit committee chair for numerous public companies, a director with over 35
years of experience in Board of Directors, CEO and Senior Management positions in a variety of industries including technology services,
telecommunications, healthcare, and business process outsourcing, and a director who brings over 25 years of experience in operations
and senior management in the midstream and downstream sectors of the oil and gas industry. 

7 

In
addition, we have an Advisory Board comprised of former senior members of oil and gas companies, both in the United States and in the
Middle East. Our Advisory Board is led by one member who is an accomplished business professional and a member of a royal family based
in the Middle East and another member who is an experienced health and safety expert operating in the oil and gas industries. 

We
rely on our Board of Directors and Advisory Board to provide it both high level advice and guidance along with using their contacts to
help open various markets. Additionally, the Advisory Board acts as a preliminary informal sounding board for the Board and management
for these particular areas in which the Advisory Board members have expertise. We believe the combination of our management team, Board
of Directors and Advisory Board provides us with a significant competitive advantage over our competitors due to their breadth of experiences
and relationships. 

Growth
Strategies 

Crude
Oil Gathering, Storage and Transportation 

We
plan to grow our crude oil gathering, storage and transportation business by pursuing the following strategies: 

Increasing
 the number of barrels of oil gathered, stored, and transported pursuant to our existing long-term
 contracts; 

Construction of wash plant facilities for oil transportation trucks to gather, store and transport reclaimed oil from these facilities; 

Acquisition of additional gathering, storage, and transportation assets or companies; and 

The development or acquisition of complementary midstream oil and gas companies or projects. 

WCCC operates a 120,000 barrel crude oil storage
tank, in the heart of the Permian Basin, located near Colorado City, Texas. We intend to further connect the tank to major pipeline systems. 

SFD operates a crude oil gathering, storage, and
transportation facility, which is presently gathering and selling approximately 1,400 to 2,000 barrels of crude oil on a daily basis.
We plan to increase operations at the SFD facility. This facility has the capacity to gather and sell up to 4,000 barrels of crude oil
per day. 

In April 2022, we contracted with an industrial
solutions service company as an independent contractor to assist us in constructing an oil truck wash and remediation facility to be used
in conjunction with operating a RPC in Houston, Texas for the purpose of processing hydrocarbon tank bottoms from the wash plant operations.
Once the oil truck wash and remediation facility is completed it will allow us to charge tipping fees for our service to take in tank
bottoms for our plant to remediate. Our independent contractor is working to secure feed stock contractors through their industry relationships. 

Remediation
Processing Centers 

We
will strive to grow our RPC business by pursuing the following strategies: 

Expansion into new and complementary markets; 

Operating our Remediation Project in Kuwait; 

Increase of revenue via new service and product offerings; 

Strategic acquisitions and licenses targeting complementary
 technologies; and 

Redeployment of the metallic separation technologies. 

8 

Expansion
into New and Complementary Markets 

We intend to explore expansion opportunities on
a global basis, including in places with extreme contamination and naturally occurring oil sands deposits, where we believe our technology
and service offerings may provide a distinct competitive advantage. We are currently in discussions with several groups for deploying
our RPCs for remediation projects (primarily for oil spills, tank bottom sludge and drill cuttings) domestically in Houston, TX, Corpus
Christ, TX, Midland, TX Cushing OK, Lake Charles, LA. Our technology is able to process tank bottom sludge, drill cuttings, and soils
form hydrocarbon spills, returning the sand to less than 0.5 contamination while reclaiming the oil for waste energy use. In furtherance
of that strategy, as noted above, in April 2022, we contracted with an industrial solutions service company as independent contractor
to assist us in placing a RPC in the Houston, Texas market where we have leased property (the San Jacinto River Rail Park) for the
purpose of processing hydrocarbon tank bottoms. Once our contractor has acquired the required state and local permits, which are prerequisites
to us being able to deliver and set up a RPC on the site, and after the RPC is set up and tested, we intend to contract with the independent
contractor to provide us with the workforce to begin operating the plant. Once the oil truck wash and remediation facility is completed
it will allow us to charge tipping fees for our service to take in tank bottoms for our plant to remediate. Our independent contractor
is working to secure feed stock contractors through their industry relationships. 

Additionally, in the future we intend to focus
on placing additional RPCs in the Gulf Coast Region, including Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, as well as in Oklahoma, and New Mexico. In
order to place RPCs at these locations we will need to secure the necessary financing and manufacture additional RPCs, as well as contract
with the site locations in order to install the RPCs. 

Operating our Remediation Project in Kuwait 

Our RPC technology was successfully used in our
initial project for KOC in Kuwait, where we removed hydrocarbons from soil with more than 7 contamination and, following the process,
the hydrocarbon contamination level of the soil was reduced to less than 0.5 , which was lower than the level needed to meet the project
specifications. There is still approximately 26 million cubic meters of soil contaminated by oil from the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. Pursuant
to our Services Agreement with DIC, we will receive 50,000 for the successful remediation of the first 100 tons 500 per ton) under
its subcontractor services for the KOC Remediation Contract. In addition, we will receive 20 per treated ton of soil after the initial
100 tons. The treatment process using the RPC plants is anticipated to generate a bitumen sub-product. We have agreed with DIC to sell
this sub-product and share the net profits equally (50 to us and 50 to DIC), after allocating 30 of the net profits to DIC in the form
of a sales and marketing payment, which will be invoiced on a monthly basis, in accordance with the Agreement. Pursuant to the Agreement,
we will have a stockpile of at least 444,311 tons with at least 5 oil contamination for us to remediate. Other technologies may also
be used for the less contaminated soils. 

Increase
of Revenue via New Service and Product Offerings 

To
date, we have focused on the remediation of soil contaminated by oil. We intend to target other hydrocarbon remediation businesses that
focus on, among other things, the cleaning of tank bottom sludge, and the cleaning of the water used from drilling oil wells. Oil producers
generally pay to dispose of sludge that has accumulated at the bottom of storage tanks. We believe that our technologies could be used
to separate the contaminated water from heavy crude produced from drilling, while simultaneously recovering the heavy crude. We believe
we will be able to offer these services at a cost that is very competitive with current methods and that our ability to recover the heavy
crude for resale will give us a competitive advantage. We are currently in early stage discussions relating to some of these remediation
projects. 

Strategic
Acquisitions and Licenses Targeting Complementary Technologies 

We
intend to seek out opportunities to acquire or license only specific technologies that are either complementary to our existing product
offerings or that will allow us to expand into the environmental infrastructure markets. We entered
into a worldwide, exclusive license agreement with TBT Group, Inc. to license piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies for creating
self-powered sensors for making smart roadways , which we believe could be embedded directly into the asphaltic cement we intend
to produce from the hydrocarbons we extract, providing the basis for smart roads and infrastructure. We believe that these sensors, which
are self-powered, could be used to provide information about traffic, road conditions and repair needs as well as allowing the roads
to communicate directly with autonomous vehicles enabling these vehicles to sense the road in all weather conditions. By complementing
the asphaltic cement,we expect to produce with integrated sensors for automated vehicles, we believe that we will be able to offer a
smart road. 

9 

Other
Holdings 

Historically,
as part of our strategy to find and invest in technologies that might develop synergies with our existing businesses, we have invested
in other companies and/or entities. Not all of our investments to date have developed into complementary technologies and/or businesses,
but with our management s assistance, many of them have still become successful and accretive to our Company s value. Over
time, we intend to divest our ownership of companies that are not synergistic with our business. 

Scepter
Holdings 

We currently hold 826,376,882 (approximately 17.5 
of the outstanding common) shares of Scepter Holdings, Inc. (OTC Markets: BRZL), a company that manages the sales and development of consumer-packaged
goods. Our holdings of 826,376,882 common shares have a market value of approximately 1,322,203 as of April 18, 2023. 

Odyssey
Group International 

In
2014, we acquired a minority interest in Odyssey Group International, Inc. Odyssey (OTCQB: ODYY), a trans-disciplinary
product development enterprise involved in the discovery, development and commercialization of a broad range of products applied to targeted
segments of the health care industry. We owned 3,309,578 shares of Odyssey common stock through December 2021 at which time we sold
such 3,309,578 shares of Odyssey in a private transaction for a purchase price of 860,491, reflecting the market price as of such time.
Such purchase price was paid in the form of 10,000 cash delivered at signing and a note issued in favor of Vivakor in the amount of
 850,491 accruing interest at 3 per annum, with payments due quarterly over a five-year term. The purchaser made their initial payment in the first quarter of 2022 but has not made further payments. We have reserved against the note in the amount of 828,263. 

Future
Products; Research and Acquisition 

We
intend to identify, develop or acquire products and/or services with a primary focus on the petroleum, mining and minerals, and alternative
energy industries. Our general approach is to select products or services that are at or near commercial viability, or that we believe
can be substantially developed for commercialization. We then negotiate agreements to either acquire or to provide secured loan financing
to these companies to complete their development, testing and product launches in exchange for control of, or a significant ownership
interest in, the products or companies. 

History 

The
Company was originally organized on November 1, 2006 as a limited liability company in the State of Nevada as Genecular Holdings,
LLC. The Company s name was changed to NGI Holdings, LLC on November 3, 2006. On April 30, 2008, the Company was converted
to a Nevada corporation and changed its name to Vivakor, Inc. pursuant to Articles of Conversion filed with the Nevada Secretary of State. 

We have the following direct and indirect wholly-owned
active subsidiaries: Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, White Claw Colorado City, LLC, a Texas limited liability
company, RPC Design and Manufacturing LLC RDM ), a Utah limited liability company, Vivaventures Remediation Corp., a Texas
corporation, Vivaventures Management Company, Inc., a Nevada corporation, Vivasphere, Inc., a Nevada corporation, Vivaventures Oil Sands,
Inc., a Utah corporation. We have a 99.95 ownership interest in Vivaventures Energy Group, Inc., a Nevada Corporation; the 0.05 minority
interest in Vivaventures Energy Group, Inc. is held by a private investor unaffiliated with the Company. We also have an approximate 49 
ownership interest in Vivakor Middle East Limited Liability Company, a Qatar limited liability company. 

10 

Regulations
Affecting our Business 

Our
business is subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies, including laws regulating the removal of natural resources
from the ground and the discharge of materials into the environment. These regulations mandate, among other things, the maintenance of
air and water quality standards and land reclamation. They also set forth limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and
disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Exploration and exploitation activities are also subject to federal, state and local laws and
regulations which seek to maintain health and safety standards by regulating the design and use of exploration methods and equipment.
Environmental and other legal standards imposed by federal, state or local authorities are constantly evolving, and typically in a manner
which will require stricter standards and enforcement, and increased fines and penalties for noncompliance. Such changes may prevent
us from conducting planned activities or increase our costs of doing so, which would have material adverse effects on our business. Moreover,
compliance with such laws may cause substantial delays or require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated, thus causing an adverse
effect on us. Additionally, we may be subject to liability for pollution or other environmental damages that we may not be able to or
elect not to insure against due to prohibitive premium costs and other reasons. Unknown environmental hazards may exist on our mining
claims, or we may acquire properties in the future that have unknown environmental issues caused by previous owners or operators, or
that may have occurred naturally. 

Failure
to comply with applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws or regulations could subject our company to enforcement action, including
product seizures, recalls, withdrawal of marketing clearances and civil and criminal penalties, any one or more of which could have a
material adverse effect on our company s businesses. We believe that our company is in substantial compliance with such governmental
regulations. However, federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations regarding the manufacture and sale of medical devices are
subject to future changes. There can be no assurance that such changes would not have a material adverse effect on our company. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
own four issued US patents and two pending international PCT patent application covering our propriety technology, specifically: 

US Patent 7,282,167 for methods for producing nano-scale
 particles by vaporizing raw material and then cooling the vaporized raw material using a cooling gas, granted October 16, 2007
 and expiring July 23, 2025; 

US Patent 9,272,920 for methods for producing ammonia
 by mixing a first catalyst including a millimeter-sized, granular, ferrous material and a promoter and a second catalyst including
 discrete nano-sized ferrous catalyst particles that comprise a metallic core with an oxide shell and then reacting hydrogen and nitrogen
 in the presence of the mixture, granted March 1, 2016 and expiring November 7, 2028; 

US Patent 10,913,903 for SYSTEM
 AND METHOD FOR USING A FLASH EVAPORATOR TO SEPARATE BITUMEN AND HYDROCARBON CONDENSATE granted February 9, 2021 and expiring
 August 28, 2039; 

US Patent 7,282,167 for U S
 Patent 10,947,456 for SYSTEMS FOR THE EXTRACTION OF BITUMEN FROM OIL SAND MATERIAL granted on March 16, 2021 to expire on December 3,
 2038 ; and 

Pending Kuwait application KW/P/2020/000111 relating
 to systems and processes for extracting bitumen from oil sands material which employ a centrifuge and a flash evaporator, pending
 Kuwait application KW/P/2021/00060 and pending Saudi Arabia patent application 521421341, both relating to systems and processes
 for recycling condensate that is used to extract bitumen from oil sands material by employing a flash distillation drum and a throttle
 valve that causes the pressure of a mixture of bitumen and condensate to drop as the mixture is sprayed into the flash distillation
 drum to thereby vaporize the condensate to separate the condensate from the bitumen. 

11 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on 10-K, we have 10 full-time employees, consisting of our CEO, CFO, and additional administrative
and direct operations personnel, as well as numerous independent contractors. None of these employees are represented by a labor union
or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced a work stoppage and our management believes that our relations
with employees are satisfactory. 

Properties 

We
own approximately 9 acres of land near Delhi, Louisiana where we operate a crude oil gathering, storage, and transportation facility. 

We
currently lease executive office space in Lehi, Utah, Las Vegas, Nevada, Houston, Texas, and Irvine, California. The Company also leases
warehouses in Las Vegas, Nevada and Houston, Texas, and have paid to be on a land site in Vernal, UT and Houston, Texas. We believe these
facilities are in good condition but that we may need to expand our leased space and warehouses as business increases. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. We are not currently involved
in any material disputes and do not have any material litigation matters pending. 

Item 1A
- Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

Our RPC services are at an early operational
stage, and the success of these services is subject to the substantial risks inherent in the establishment of a new business venture. 

Our
RPC services are in an early stage, and our initial operations focused on the remediation of soil and the extraction of hydrocarbons,
such as oil, from properties contaminated by or laden with heavy crude oil and hydrocarbon-based substances. We intend to, but have not
yet, completed the second stage of our operational strategy related to our RPCs, which involves the selling the asphaltic cement and/or
other petroleum-based products we are able to produce from the hydrocarbons we recover. Our business and operations related to SFD and
WCCC, the gathering, storage and transportation, are also in their early stages. 

Our
services related to our RPCs may not prove to be successful. We have deployed only two RPC units to date, including one unit to Kuwait
(for which operations were temporarily suspended due to COVID-19) and another to Vernal, Utah. We will need to scale our remediation
business beyond these two RPCs and demonstrate that our scaled-up recovery and remediation business can be profitable. Any future success
that we may enjoy related to our RPC business will depend on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, and others which
cannot be predicted at this time. Although we began operations in 2008 as a technology acquisition company primarily focused on medical
technologies, we have been operating under our current business plan focused on soil remediation since 2011, and we have not yet proven
to be profitable. We have not yet sold any substantial amount of products or services commercially and have not proven that our business
model will allow us to identify and develop commercially feasible products or technologies. Likewise, SFD and WCCC have limited operating
histories and subject to similar risks as new business ventures. 

We
have historically suffered net losses, and we may not be able to sustain profitability. 

We had an accumulated deficit of 55,169,781 as
of December 31, 2022, and we expect to continue to incur significant development expenses in the foreseeable future related to the
completion of the development and commercialization of our RPC products. As a result, we are incurring operating and net losses, and it
is possible that we may never be able to sustain the revenue levels necessary to achieve and sustain profitability. If we fail to generate
sufficient revenues to operate profitably on a consistent basis, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, you could lose all
or part of your investment. 

12 

We
rely upon a few, select key employees who are instrumental in our ability to conduct and grow our business. In the event any of those
key employees would no longer be affiliated with the Company, it may have a material detrimental impact as to our ability to successfully
operate our business. 

Our
future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management, operations, and other personnel
who are in high demand, are often subject to competing employment offers, and are attractive recruiting targets for our competitors.
The loss of qualified executives and key employees, or our inability to attract, retain, and motivate high-quality executives and employees
required for the planned expansion of our business, may harm our operating results and impair our ability to grow. 

We
depend on the continued services of our key personnel, including James Ballengee, our Chief Executive Officer, Tyler Nelson, our Chief
Financial Officer, and Daniel Hashim, our Chief Scientific Officer. Our work with each of these key personnel are subject to changes
and/or termination, and our inability to effectively retain the services of our key management personnel, could materially and adversely
affect our operating results and future prospects. 

We
may have difficulty raising additional capital, which could deprive us of necessary resources, and you may experience dilution or subordinate
stockholder rights, preferences and privileges as a result of our financing efforts. 

We
expect to continue to devote significant capital resources to fund the continued development of our RPCs and related technologies, as
well as for potential acquisitions. In order to support the initiatives envisioned in our business plan, we will need to raise additional
funds through the sale of public or private debt or equity financing or other arrangements. Our ability to raise additional financing
depends on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market price of our common stock and the development
or prospects for development of competitive technologies by others. Sufficient additional financing may not be available to us or may
be available only on terms that would result in further dilution to the current owners of our common stock. 

We
expect to obtain additional capital during 2023 through financing lease structures for our RPCs or other financing structures related
to our RPCs. We also expect that our current cash position, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements
for the next twelve months. Thereafter, unless we can achieve and sustain profitability, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional
capital to fund our operations while we implement and execute our business plan. 

Any
future equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing shareholders. Any future debt financing could involve restrictive
covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for
us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. There can be no assurance that such additional capital will be
available, on a timely basis, or on terms acceptable to us. If we are unsuccessful in raising additional capital or the terms of raising
such capital are unacceptable, then we may have to modify our business plan and/or curtail our planned activities and other operations. 

If
we raise additional funds through government or other third-party funding, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements
or marketing and distribution arrangements, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue stream or grant
licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when
needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant
rights to develop and market products that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Additionally, we have
certain potential dilutive instruments, of which the conversion of these instruments could result in dilution to shareholders: As of
December 31, 2022, the maximum potential dilution is 1,621,429, and includes convertible notes payable convertible into
approximately 14,560 shares of common stock, vested stock options granted to current and previous employees of 1,131,730 shares of
common stock. Vested stock options granted to Board members of 395,139 shares of common stock were granted as of December 31,
2022. There was also a warrant issued and outstanding to EF Hutton for the purchase of 80,000 shares of common stock as of
December 31, 2022. These warrants were related to and granted during the close of the underwritten public offering in
February 2022. 

13 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have a negative impact on our business and operations. 

Our Kuwait operations were suspended to comply
with the social distancing measures implemented in Kuwait, but have since resumed on a test basis. Our Utah operations were temporarily
suspended from March through May 2020, but have since resumed. These suspensions have had a negative impact on our business and there
can be no guaranty that we will not need to suspend operations again in the future as a result of the pandemic. We are closely monitoring
the COVID-19 pandemic and the directives from federal and local authorities in the United States and in Kuwait affecting not only our
workforce, but those of companies with whom we work. 

Economic
conditions in the current period of disruption and instability could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets, in both
the near and long term, and thus adversely affect our business and liquidity. 

The
current economic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have had, and likely will continue to have for the foreseeable future a
negative impact on the capital markets. Even if we are able to raise capital, it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable
to us. We cannot predict the occurrence of future disruptions or how long the current conditions may continue. 

Our
business plan includes operating internationally, which subjects us to a number of risks. 

Our
strategic plans include international operations, such as our projects in the Middle East. We intend to use our proprietary RPC technology
system and develop, construct and potentially sell our RPC system in international locations. Risks inherent to international operations
include the following: 

inability to work successfully
 with third parties having local expertise to co-develop international projects; 

multiple,
conflicting and changing laws and regulations, including export and import restrictions, tax laws and regulations, environmental
regulations, labor laws and other government requirements, approvals, permits and licenses; 

difficulties in enforcing
 agreements in foreign legal systems; 

changes
in general economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate, including changes in government incentives
relating to oil remediation; 

political
and economic instability, including wars, acts of terrorism, political unrest, boycotts, curtailments of trade and other business
restrictions; 

difficulties and costs
 in recruiting and retaining individuals skilled in international business operations; 

international business
 practices that may conflict with U.S. customs or legal requirements; 

financial risks, such as
 longer sales and payment cycles and greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable; 

fluctuations in currency
 exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar; and 

inability to obtain, maintain
 or enforce intellectual property rights. 

Failure
to effectively manage our expected growth could place strains on our managerial, operational and financial resources and could adversely
affect our business and operating results. 

Our
expected growth could place a strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. Further, if our subsidiaries businesses
grow, then we will be required to manage multiple relationships. Any further growth by us or our subsidiaries, or any increase in the
number of our strategic relationships, will increase the strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. This strain may
inhibit our ability to achieve the rapid execution necessary to implement our business plan and could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, business prospects and operations and the value of an investment in our company. 

14 

We
will need to achieve commercial acceptance of our RPCs and related products in order to generate revenues from those operations and sustain
profitability. 

Our
goal at many of our sites is to produce asphaltic cement and/or other petroleum-based products from the hydrocarbons we recover and sell
these products to customers; however, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products related to those operations, and
even if we do, we may not be able to do so on a timely basis. Superior competitive technologies may be introduced, or customer needs
may change, which will diminish or extinguish the commercial uses for our applications. We cannot predict when significant commercial
market acceptance for our RPCs and related products will develop, if at all, and we cannot reliably estimate the projected size of any
such potential market. If the markets fail to accept those products, then we may not be able to generate revenues from the commercial
application of our technologies related to those products. Our revenue growth and profitability will partially depend on our ability
to manufacture and deploy additional RPCs and produce our products to the specifications required by each of our potential customers. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to maintain effective internal controls
could cause our investors to lose confidence in us and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. If our internal controls
are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 

Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 requires that we maintain internal control over financial reporting
that meets applicable standards. We may err in the design or operation of our controls, and all internal control systems, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because there are
inherent limitations in all control systems, there can be no assurance that all control issues have been or will be detected. If we are
unable, or are perceived as unable, to produce reliable financial reports due to internal control deficiencies, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information and operating results, which could result in a negative market reaction and a decrease
in our stock price. 

We have identified material
weaknesses in our internal controls related to the segregation of duties and financial reporting process within our internal controls.
Due to insufficient personnel in our accounting department, we were not able to achieve adequate segregation of duties, and, as a result,
we did not have adequate review controls surrounding: (i) our technical accounting matters in our financial reporting process, and (ii)
the work of specialists involved in the estimation process. We believe we may be able to substantially resolve our identified material
weakness in our internal controls in the future as we continue to hire personnel to fulfill the duties related to the financial reporting
process and growth in our business. There can be no assurances that weakness in our internal controls will not occur in the future. 

If
we identify new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements
of Section 404 in a timely manner, if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or
if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting (if and when required), we may be late with the filing of our periodic reports, investors may lose confidence
in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. As a
result of such failures, we could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the
SEC, or other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could harm our reputation,
financial condition or divert financial and management resources from our core business, and would have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A
major portion of our business is dependent on the oil industry, which is subject to numerous worldwide variables. 

Our
prospective customers are concentrated in the oil industry. As a result, we will be subject to the success of the oil industry, which
is subject to substantial volatility based on numerous worldwide factors. A decline in the oil industry may have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The oil and gas industry is competitive in all its phases.
Competition in the oil and gas industry is intense. We will compete with other participants in the search for oil sand properties and
in the marketing of oil and other hydrocarbon products. Our customers could include competitors such as oil and gas companies that have
substantially greater financial resources, staff and facilities than those of our customers and lessees. Competitive factors in the distribution
and marketing of oil and other hydrocarbon products include price and methods and reliability of delivery. 

Within
the oil remediation market, demand for our services will be limited to a specific customer base and highly correlated to the oil industry.
The oil industry s demand for equipment is affected by a number of factors including the volatile nature of the oil industry s
business, increased use of alternative types of energy and technological developments in the oil extraction process. A significant reduction
in the target market s demand for oil would reduce the demand for the equipment, which would have a material adverse effect upon
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

15 

Low
oil prices may substantially impact our ability to generate revenues. 

Low
oil prices may negatively impact our ability to operate. The demand for our products and services depend, in part, on the price of oil
and the margins oil producers receive on the sale of oil. Oil prices are volatile and can fluctuate widely based upon a number of factors
beyond our control. Any decline in the prices of and demand for oil could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
operations are subject to unforeseen interruptions and hazards inherent in the oil industry, for which we may not be adequately insured
and which could cause us to lose customers and substantial revenue. 

Our
operations are exposed to the risks inherent to our industry, such as equipment defects, vehicle accidents, fires, explosions, blowouts,
pipe or pipeline failures, and various environmental hazards, such as oil spills and releases of, and exposure to, hazardous substances.
For example, our operations are subject to risks associated with storage and handling of oil, including any mishandling or surface spillage.
In addition, our operations are exposed to potential natural disasters, including blizzards, tornadoes, storms, floods, other adverse
weather conditions and earthquakes. The occurrence of any of these events could result in substantial losses to us due to injury or loss
of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, clean-up
responsibilities, regulatory investigations and penalties or other damage resulting in curtailment or suspension of our operations. The
cost of managing such risks may be significant. The frequency and severity of such incidents will affect operating costs, insurability
and relationships with customers, employees and regulators. In particular, our customers may elect not to purchase our product if they
view our environmental or safety record as unacceptable, which could cause us to lose customers and revenues. 

Our
operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico region are particularly susceptible to interruption and damage from hurricanes. Any of these operating
hazards could cause personal injuries, fatalities, oil spills, discharge of hazardous substances into the air and water or environmental
damage, lost production and revenue, remediation and clean-up costs and liability for damages, all of which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations and may not be fully covered by our insurance. 

Our
insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities we may suffer. Furthermore, we may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance
of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance
policies have increased and could escalate further. In addition, sub-limits have been imposed for certain risks. In some instances, certain
insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for
which we are not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, we may not be able to secure additional insurance or bonding that might be required by new governmental regulations. This
may cause us to restrict our operations, which might severely impact our financial position. 

Additionally,
we may not have coverage if we are unaware of the pollution event and unable to report the occurrence to our insurance
company within the time frame required under our insurance policy. In addition, these policies do not provide coverage for all liabilities,
and the insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or we may not be able to maintain adequate insurance at
rates we consider reasonable. A loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. 

We
require a variety of permits to operate our business. If we are not successful in obtaining and/or maintaining those permits it will
adversely impact our operations. 

Our
business requires permits to operate. Our inability to obtain permits in a timely manner could result in substantial delays to our business.
In addition, our customers may not receive permitting for our equipment s specific use and we may be unable to adjust our equipment
to meet our customer s permitting needs. The issuance of permits is dependent on the applicable government agencies and is beyond
our control and that of our customers. There can be no assurance that we and/or our customers will receive the permits necessary to operate,
which could substantially and adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 

16 

We
are required to pay permit and approval fees to operate in certain business segments and locations. If we are not able to pay those fees
it would adversely impact our business. 

We
are required to pay various types of permit and approval fees to the applicable governmental and quasi-governmental agencies to operate
our business. These fees are subject to change at the discretion of the various agencies. Our inability to pay these permit and approval
fees could substantially and adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 

We,
and our customers and prospective customers, are subject to numerous governmental regulations, both domestically and internationally.
In order to operate successfully we must be able comply with these regulations. 

Current
and future government laws, regulations and other legal requirements may increase the costs of doing business or restrict business operations.
Laws, regulations and other legal requirements, such as those relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources, health,
business and tax have an effect on our cost of operation or those of our customers. Such governmental regulation may result in delays,
cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs and prohibit or severely restrict our business or that of our customers, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
currently depend, and are likely to continue to depend, on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues related
to our operations. 

We
currently have a limited number of customers for our crude oil gathering, transportation and storage services and our RPC services. The
failure to obtain additional customers or the loss of all or a portion of the revenues attributable to any current or future customer
as a result of competition, creditworthiness, inability to negotiate extensions or replacement of contracts or otherwise could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

If
our customers do not enter into, extend or honor their contracts with us, our profitability could be adversely affected. Our ability
to receive payment for production depends on the continued solvency and creditworthiness of our customers and prospective customers.
If any of our customers creditworthiness suffers, we may bear an increased risk with respect to payment defaults. If customers
refuse to accept our equipment or make payments for which they have a contractual obligation, our revenues could be adversely affected.
In addition, if a substantial portion of our contracts are modified or terminated and we are unable to replace the contracts (or if new
contracts are priced at lower levels), our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Our
primary business is impacted by the oil industry and the manufacturing industry, which are subject to uncertain economic conditions. 

The
global economy is subject to fluctuation and it is unclear how stable the oil industry and the manufacturing industry will be in the
future. As a result, there can be no assurance that the business will achieve anticipated cash flow levels. Further, recent world events
evolving out of trade disputes, increased terrorist activities and political and military action, and the COVID-19 pandemic, among other
events, have created an air of uncertainty concerning the stability of the global economy. Historically, such events have resulted in
disturbances in financial markets, and it is impossible to determine the likelihood of future events. Any negative change in the general
economic conditions in the United States and globally could adversely affect the financial condition and operating results of the business.
We plan to expand our level of operations. Slower economic activity, concerns about inflation or deflation, decreased consumer confidence,
reduced corporate profits and capital spending, adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns in the general economy and recent
international conflicts and terrorist and military activity have resulted in a downturn in worldwide economic conditions, especially
in the United States. Political and social turmoil related to international conflicts and terrorist acts may place further pressure on
economic conditions in the United States and worldwide. These political, social and economic conditions make it extremely difficult for
us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. If such conditions continue or worsen, then our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

17 

We
will continue to be subject to competition in our business . 

Our
oil remediation equipment utilizes specific technology to extract oil from sand. Oil producers are continually investigating alternative
oil production technologies with a view to reduce production costs. In addition, industries that compete with the oil industry, such
as the electric power industry, also continue to innovate and create products that compete with the oil industry. There can be no assurance
that superior alternative technologies will emerge, which could reduce the demand for and price of our product and services. 

The
market for our products and services is highly competitive and is becoming more so, which could hinder our ability to successfully market
our products and services. We may not have the resources, expertise or other competitive factors to compete successfully in the future.
We expect to face additional competition from existing competitors and new market entrants in the future. Many of our competitors have
greater name recognition and more established relationships in the industry than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to: 

develop and expand their product offerings more rapidly; 

adapt to new or emerging changes in customer requirements
 more quickly; 

take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities
 more readily; and 

devote greater resources to the marketing and sale
 of their products and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. 

Regarding
crude oil gathering, storage and transportation, many of our competitors are large tank farm businesses and if one or more of them built
storage tanks and/or facilities near our current facilities they could compete with us for business at our current location. As larger
companies, they have greater resources than we do to compete for business in our area and may be able to price us out of business. 

We
carry insurance coverage against liabilities for personal injury, death and property damage, but there is no guarantee this coverage
will be sufficient to cover us against all claims. 

Although,
we maintain insurance coverage against liability for personal injury, death and property damage. There can be no assurance that this
insurance will be sufficient to cover any such liabilities. We may not be insured or fully insured against the losses or liabilities
that could arise from a casualty in the business operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that particular risks that are currently
insurable will continue to be insurable on an economical basis or that the current levels of coverage will continue to be available.
If a loss occurs that is partially or completely uninsured, we may incur a significant liability. 

We
may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights. 

Our
ability to compete partly depends on the superiority, uniqueness and value of our intellectual property. To protect our proprietary rights,
we will rely on a combination of patents, copyrights and trade secrets, confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties,
and protective contractual provisions. Despite these efforts, any of the following occurrences may reduce the value of our intellectual
property: 

Our
applications for patents relating to our business may not be granted and, if granted, may be challenged or invalidated; 

Issued
patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 

Our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of our technology; 

Our
efforts may not prevent the development and design by others of products or technologies similar to or competitive with, or superior
to those we develop; or 

Another
party may obtain a blocking patent and we would need to either obtain a license or design around the patent in order to continue
to offer the contested feature or service in our products. 

18 

We
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents that would be expensive and time consuming. 

In
order to protect or enforce our patent rights, we may initiate patent litigation against third parties. In addition, we may become subject
to interference or opposition proceedings conducted in patent and trademark offices to determine the priority and patentability of inventions.
The defense of intellectual property rights, including patent rights through lawsuits, interference or opposition proceedings, and other
legal and administrative proceedings, would be costly and divert our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities.
An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put our pending patent applications at risk of not being issued. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. For example, during the course of
this type of litigation, confidential information may be inadvertently disclosed in the form of documents or testimony in connection
with discovery requests, depositions or trial testimony. This disclosure could have a material adverse effect on our business and our
financial results. 

Our
operations rely on our ability to transport our equipment to different locations. Any impact on the cost, availability and reliability
of transportation could adversely affect our business. 

The
availability and reliability of transportation and fluctuation in transportation costs could negatively impact our business. Transportation
logistics may play an important role in the sale of our products and related services and in the oil industry generally. Delays and interruptions
of transportation services because of accidents, failure to complete construction of infrastructure, infrastructure damage, lack of capacity,
weather-related problems, governmental regulation, terrorism, strikes, lock-outs, third-party actions or other events could impair the
operations of our customers and may also directly impair our ability to commence or complete production or services, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The
lands on which we conduct our business operations must be properly zoned for our services. If they aren t then it could impact
our business. 

The
lands on which we conduct our business operates must comply with applicable zoning regulations. Any unknown or future violations could
limit or require us to cease operations. 

Data
security breaches are increasing worldwide. If we are the victim of such a breach it will materially impact our business. 

We
will collect and retain certain personal information provided by our employees and investors. We intend to implement certain protocols
designed to protect the confidentiality of this information and periodically review and improve our security measures; however, these
protocols may not prevent unauthorized access to this information. Technology and safeguards in this area are consistently changing and
there is no assurance that we will be able to maintain sufficient protocols to protect confidential information. Any breach of our data
security measures and disbursement of this information may result in legal liability and costs (including damages and penalties), as
well as damage to our reputation, that could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

We
may indemnify our directors and officers against liability to us and holders of our securities, and such indemnification could increase
our operating costs. 

Our
bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and officers against claims associated with carrying out the duties of their offices. Our
bylaws also allow us to reimburse them for the costs of certain legal defenses. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under
the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or control persons, we have
been advised by the SEC that such indemnification is against public policy and is therefore unenforceable. If our officers and directors
file a claim against us for indemnification, the associated expenses could also increase our operating costs. 

19 

We
may be subject to liability if our equipment does not perform as expected. 

We
may be exposed to liability in the event our equipment does not perform as expected. We intend to enter into contracts with customers,
which will grant certain rights with respect to the condition and use of our products. Certain contractual and legal claims could arise
in the event the equipment does not perform as expected and in the event of personal injury, death or property damage as a result of
the use of our equipment. There can be no assurance that particular risks are insured or, if insured, will continue to be insurable on
an economical basis or that current levels of coverage will continue to be available. We may be liable for any defects in the equipment
or its products and services and uninsured or underinsured personal injury, death or property damage claims. 

Our
RPCs depend on our ability to manufacture various pieces of equipment, many of which are quite large. Any disruption in our manufacturing
ability will adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our RPCs involve manufacturing and plant operation
risks of delay that may be outside of our control. Production or services may be delayed or prevented by factors such as adverse weather,
strikes, energy shortages, shortages or increased costs of materials, inflation, environmental conditions, legal matters and other unknown
contingencies. Our RPCs also require certain manufacturing apparatus to manufacture the equipment. If the manufacturing apparatus were
to suffer major damage or are destroyed by fire, abnormal wear, flooding, incorrect operation or otherwise, we may be unable to replace
or repair such apparatus in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost, which would impact our ability to stay in production or service.
Any significant downtime of the equipment manufacturing could impair our ability to produce for or serve customers and materially and
adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, changes in the equipment plans and specifications, delays due to compliance with
governmental requirements or impositions of fees or other delays could increase production costs beyond those budgeted for the business.
If any cost overruns exceed the funds budgeted for operations, the business would be negatively impacted. 

Any
accident at our facilities could subject us to substantial liability. 

The
manufacturing and operation of our equipment and assets involves hazards and risks which could disrupt operations, decrease production
and increase costs. The occurrence of a significant accident or other event that is not fully insured could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

If critical components become unavailable or our suppliers delay their production of our key components, our business will be negatively
impacted. 

Our
ability to get key components to build or repair our equipment is crucial to our ability to manufacture our plants and produce our products.
These components are supplied by certain third-party manufacturers, and we may be unable to acquire necessary amounts of key components
at competitive prices. 

If
we are successful in our growth, outsourcing the production of certain parts and components would be one way to reduce manufacturing
costs. We plan to select these particular manufacturers based on their ability to consistently produce these products according to our
requirements in an effort to obtain the best quality product at the most cost-effective price. However, the loss of all or any one of
these suppliers or delays in obtaining shipments would have an adverse effect on our operations until an alternative supplier could be
found, if one may be located at all. If we get to that stage of growth, such loss of manufacturers could cause us to breach any contracts
we have in place at that time and would likely cause us to lose sales. 

Any
shortage of skilled labor would have a detrimental impact on our ability to provide our products and services. 

The
manufacturing and operating of our facilities and equipment requires skilled laborers. In the event there is a shortage of labor, including
skilled labor, it could have an adverse impact on our productivity and costs and our ability to expand production in the event there
is an increase in demand for our product or services. 

20 

We
rely on third party contractors for some of our operations. If we are unable to find quality contractors, it would severely impact our
business. 

We
outsource certain aspects of our business to third party contractors. We are subject to the risks associated with such contractors 
ability to successfully provide the necessary services to meet the needs of our business. If the contractors are unable to adequately
provide the contracted services, and we are unable to find alternative service providers in a timely manner, our ability to operate the
business may be disrupted, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Union
activities could adversely impact our business. 

While
none of our employees are currently members of unions, we may become adversely effected by union activities. We are not subject to any
collective bargaining or union agreement; however, it is possible that future employees may join or seek recognition to form a labor
union or may be required to become a labor agreement signatory. If some or all of our employees become unionized, it could adversely
affect productivity, increase labor costs and increase the risk of work stoppages. If a work stoppage were to occur, it could interfere
with the business operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

If
we fail to make the Threshold Payment, or otherwise breach the terms of the MIPA entered into on August 1, 2022, the transaction
consummated by the MIPA may be unwound. 

Under
the terms of the MIPA entered into on August 1, 2022, we agreed with the Sellers that, in the event of a breach of the terms of
the MIPA, the Notes, or the Pledge Agreement, the sole and exclusive remedy of the parties will be to unwind the MIPA transaction (the
 Unwinding ). In any such Unwinding, the Membership Interest will be transferred to Sellers and Sellers will assign and transfer
to us, the number of shares of our common stock constituting the Purchaser Stock Consideration and any other amounts (the Pre-Payment
Amounts paid to Sellers by us above and beyond the monthly amounts required to be paid to Sellers under the Notes. If the MIPA
transaction were to be unwound we would no longer own SFD and WCCC, which would substantially impact our operations and revenues. 

If we do
not file our Annual Report on Form 10-K (12/31/22) and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (3/31/23) in the near future then we may be delisted
from Nasdaq, causing our common stock to fall to The OTC Markets and likely cause the price of our common stock to decrease. 

As a result of not timely
filing our Annual Report on Form 10-K (12/31/22) and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (3/31/23) we received notices from Nasdaq Listing
Qualifications staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that if we do not file our Annual Report on Form
10-K (12/31/22) and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (3/31/23) within the required timelines to cure this deficiency, then our common
stock will be delisted from Nasdaq. In the event our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq the trading volume and price of our common stock
will likely decrease. 

Although
our shares of Common Stock are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, our shares of Common Stock may be subject to potential delisting
if we do not meet or continue to maintain the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Our
common stock is listed on Nasdaq however, to keep our listing on Nasdaq, we are required to maintain: (i) a minimum bid price of
 1.00 per share, (ii) a certain public float, (iii) a certain number of round lot shareholders and (iv) one of the following: a net income
from continuing operations (in the latest fiscal year or two of the three last fiscal years) of at least 500,000, a market value of
listed securities of at least 35 million or a stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million. 

If
our securities are ever delisted from Nasdaq, trading will most likely take place on the OTC Marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group
Inc. An investor is likely to find it less convenient to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our Common Stock on
an over-the-counter market, and many investors may not buy or sell our Common Stock due to difficulty in accessing over-the-counter markets,
or due to policies preventing them from trading in securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons, and our ability to
issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may
also be materially and adversely affected if our Common Stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. For these reasons and
others, delisting would adversely affect the liquidity, trading volume and price of our Common Stock, causing the value of an investment
in us to decrease and having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our ability
to attract and retain qualified executives and employees and to raise capital. 

We
may not be able to identify, negotiate, finance or close future acquisitions. 

One
component of our growth strategy focuses on acquiring additional technologies, companies and/or assets. We may not, however, be able
to identify, audit, or acquire technologies, companies and/or assets on acceptable terms, if at all. Additionally, we may need to finance
all or a portion of the purchase price for an acquisition by incurring indebtedness. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
obtain financing on terms that are favorable, if at all, which will limit our ability to acquire additional companies or assets in the
future. Failure to acquire additional companies or assets on acceptable terms, if at all, would have a material adverse effect on our
ability to increase assets, revenues and net income and on the trading price of our common stock. 

21 

We
may not be able to properly manage multiple businesses. 

We
may not be able to properly manage multiple businesses. Managing multiple businesses would be more complicated than managing one or two
of business, even if the additional businesses were synergistic with our existing businesses, and would require that we hire and manage
executives with experience and expertise in different fields. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully.
A failure to properly manage multiple businesses could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our stock. 

We
may not be able to successfully integrate new acquisitions. 

Even
if we are able to acquire additional technologies, companies and/or assets, we may not be able to successfully integrate those companies
or assets. For example, we may need to integrate widely dispersed operations with different corporate cultures, operating margins, competitive
environments, computer systems, compensation schemes, business plans and growth potential requiring significant management time and attention.
In addition, the successful integration of any companies we acquire will depend in large part on the retention of personnel critical
to our combined business operations due to, for example, unique technical skills or management expertise. We may be unable to retain
existing management, finance, engineering, sales, customer support, and operations personnel that are critical to the success of the
integrated company, resulting in disruption of operations, loss of key information, expertise or know-how, unanticipated additional recruitment
and training costs, and otherwise diminishing anticipated benefits of these acquisitions, including loss of revenue and profitability.
Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our company and the trading price of our
stock. 

Our
acquisitions of businesses may be extremely risky, and we could lose all of our investments. 

We
may invest in seemingly synergistic businesses that are in other risky industries. An investment in these companies may be extremely
risky because, among other things, the companies we are likely to focus on: (1) typically have limited operating histories, narrower
product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions
and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; (2) tend to be privately-owned and generally have little publicly available
information and, as a result, we may not learn all of the material information we need to know regarding these businesses; (3) are more
likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of people; and, as a result, the death, disability, resignation
or termination of one or more of these people could have an adverse impact on the operations of any business that we may acquire; (4)
may have less predictable operating results; (5) may from time to time be parties to litigation; (6) may be engaged in rapidly changing
businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence; and (7) may require substantial additional capital to support
their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position. Our failure to make acquisitions efficiently and profitably
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of our stock. 

Future
acquisitions may fail to perform as expected. 

Future
acquisitions may fail to perform as expected. We may overestimate cash flow, underestimate costs, or fail to understand risks. This could
materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our Stock. 

Competition
may result in overpaying for acquisitions. 

Other
investors with significant capital may compete with us for attractive investment opportunities. These competitors may include publicly-traded
companies, private equity firms, privately held buyers, individual investors, and other types of investors. Such competition may increase
the price of acquisitions, or otherwise adversely affect the terms and conditions of acquisitions. This could materially adversely affect
our company and the trading price of our stock. 

We
may have insufficient resources to cover our operating expenses and the expenses of raising money and consummating acquisitions. 

We
have limited cash to cover our operating expenses and to cover the expenses incurred in connection with money raising and a business
combination. It is possible that we could incur substantial costs in connection with money raising or a business combination. If we do
not have sufficient proceeds available to cover our expenses, we may be forced to obtain additional financing, either from our management
or third parties. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, and neither our management nor any
third party is obligated to provide any financing. This could have a negative impact on our company and our stock price. 

22 

Although
we do not believe that we are, or will be, an investment company covered by the Investment Company Act of 1940, if we are deemed to be
an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
may make it difficult for us to engage in strategic transactions. 

A
company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business
of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, (the Investment Company Act ). Additionally, a company that is not and does hold itself
out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities may
nevertheless be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act if more than 40 of such company s assets are deemed
to be investment securities. 

We are not in the business
of buying and selling securities of other companies. As our strategy had involved the Company investing in other companies, including
Scepter Holdings and Odyssey Group International, it is possible that we could be deemed an investment company, although, given the nature
and extent of our business operations, we do not believe that we are or will be subject us to the Investment Company Act. Our investments
in Scepter Holdings and Odyssey Group International arose from loan agreements that were settled in the form of equity because cash was
not available for the borrowers to pay the loans in cash, and we have recently sold, in a private transaction, all of our shares of Odyssey
Group International. The Company has not traded or sold any securities of other companies that it has acquired. For those LLCs for which
the Company serves as manager, it has been disclosed in the business plan of these LLCs that their primary business is manufacturing heavy
machinery or to provide the Company with cash to specifically manufacture or purchase heavy machinery in exchange for a royalty from the
production of the heavy machinery. These entities do not engage in activities such as investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading
 investment securities, and neither the units of ownership for these entities, nor rights to royalties, have any market and
are not traded, and such interests are accounted for at cost. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Presently, our investment securities, 
which include our holdings in Scepter Holdings, as well as certain entities described in our corporate structure, comprise approximately
7 of our total assets, which is below such 40 threshold. As our business continues to develop and production increases, the percentage
of our total assets comprised of investment securities is expected to decline substantially; however, in the event that the percentage
of our holdings in investment securities increases, we risk exceeding such 40 threshold and being deemed an investment company. We do
not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or
assets or to be a passive investor. 

If
we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that
may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
as an investment company; 

adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

Compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. 

23 

Item 1B
- Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item 2
 - Properties 

We
own approximately 9 acres of land near Delhi, Louisiana where we operate a crude oil gathering, storage, and transportation facility. 

We
currently lease executive office space in Lehi, Utah, Las Vegas, Nevada, Houston, Texas, and Irvine, California. The Company also leases
warehouses in Las Vegas, Nevada and Houston, Texas, and have paid to be on a land site in Vernal, UT and Houston, Texas. We believe these
facilities are in good condition but that we may need to expand our leased space and warehouses as business increases. 

Item 3
 - Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various legal actions that arise in the normal course of business. We intend to defend vigorously
against any future claims and litigation. We are not currently involved in any material disputes and do not have any material litigation
matters pending. 

Item 4
 - Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

24 

PART
II 

Item 5
 - Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VIVK. 

Holders 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were 18,064,838 shares of Common Stock outstanding held by approximately 559 holders of record (not including
an indeterminate number of beneficial holders of stock held in street name). 

Warrants 

There
is a warrant to purchase 80,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 27, 2023. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration
and payment of dividends on the common stock is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our
operating results, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions or such other factors as our Board of Directors
may deem relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On February 14, 2022, our 2021 Equity and
Incentive Plan went effective. The plan was approved by our Board of Directors. The Plan s number of authorized shares is 2,000,000.
As of March 27, 2023, there were stock options granted to acquire 1,721,760 shares of common stock at a weighted exercise price of
 1.76 per share under the plan. As of March 27, 2023, the Plan had 1,431,730 vested shares and 290,030 non-vested shares underlying
the stock options. As of March 27, 2023, no options had been exercised under the Plan. We have not issued any other type of equity
awards under the Plan. The stock options issued under the Plan are held by certain of our current and former executive officers. 

Recent
Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

The
following sets forth information regarding all unregistered securities sold by us in transactions that were exempt from the requirements
of the Securities Act in the last fiscal year. Except where noted, all of the securities discussed in this Item 5 were all issued
in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

2022 

On
July 19, 2022, the Company granted 16,667 shares of our common stock for a stock award, which successfully cliff vested in May 2022. 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company consummated the transactions under the previously disclosed Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated
June 15, 2022 (the MIPA ), which included the issuance of an aggregate of 3,009,552 shares of Common Stock to Jorgan
Development, LLC and JBAH Holdings, LLC. The issuances of the foregoing securities were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act promulgated thereunder. 

As
noted herein, in connection with the commencement of the trading of our Common Stock on Nasdaq Capital Market, we converted 66,667 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock in to 833,333 shares of our common stock. This offering and sales were made in reliance on Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. To make this determination we relied on the representations of the purchasers contained in
the securities purchase agreements signed by the purchasers, which indicated the purchasers were knowledgeable about our management and
our operations, were sophisticated investors, and understood the purchase was part of a private placement. 

25 

As noted herein, in connection with the commencement
of the trading of our Common Stock on Nasdaq Capital Market, approximately 1,144,992 in convertible notes payable were converted into
272,156 shares of our common stock. This offering and sales were made in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. To make this determination we relied on the representations of the purchasers contained in the securities purchase agreements
signed by the purchasers, which indicated the purchasers were knowledgeable about our management and our operations, were sophisticated
investors, and understood the purchase was part of a private placement. 

As
noted herein, in connection with underwritten public offering of 1,600,000 shares of common stock, we issued the underwriter, EF Hutton,
a 5-year warrants to purchase 80,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price equal 5.75. This offering and sales were made in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. To make this determination we relied on the representations of the
purchasers contained in the securities purchase agreements signed by the purchasers, which indicated the purchasers were knowledgeable
about our management and our operations, were sophisticated investors, and understood the purchase was part of a private placement. 

Item 7
 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on 10-K. 

Overview 

Vivakor,
Inc. is a socially responsible operator, acquirer and developer of technologies and assets in the oil and gas industry, as well as, related
environmental solutions. Currently, our efforts are primarily focused on operating crude oil gathering, storage and transportation facilities,
as well as contaminated soil remediation services. 

One
of our facilities sells crude oil in amounts up to 60,000 barrels per month under agreements with a large energy company. A different
facility owns a 120,000 barrel crude oil storage tank near Colorado City, Texas. The storage tank is presently connected to the Lotus
pipeline system and we plan to further connect the tank to major pipeline systems. 

Our soil remediation services specialize in the
remediation of soil and the extraction of hydrocarbons, such as oil, from properties contaminated by or laden with heavy crude oil and
other hydrocarbon-based substances. Our patented process allows us to successfully recover the hydrocarbons which we believe could then
be used to produce asphaltic cement and/or other petroleum-based products. 

Reclassifications 

Certain
reclassifications may have been made to prior years amounts to conform to the 2022 presentation. 

COVID-19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic. In addition
to the devastating effects on human life, the pandemic is having a negative ripple effect on the global economy, leading to disruptions
and volatility in the global financial markets. Most U.S. states and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the
further spread of the disease. 

In
March 2020 we temporarily suspended operations in Kuwait and Utah due to COVID-19 government restrictions. Utah and Kuwait have
since resumed site preparations for operations. We have experienced supply chain disruptions in building our Remediation Processing Centers RPC and completing certain refurbishment on our precious metal extraction machines. These suspensions have had a negative
impact on our business and there can be no guaranty that we will not need to suspend operations again in the future as a result of the
pandemic. 

COVID-19
and the U.S. response to the pandemic are significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance as
to the effect the COVID-19 pandemic may have in the long-term, and, as a result, the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain
and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of the effects on the economy, the markets we serve, our business, or our operations. 

26 

Revenue 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we realized revenues of 28,107,223 and 1,088,428, respectively, representing an increase
of 27,018,795 or 2,482.37 . The increase in revenue is primarily attributed to our oil and natural gas liquid sales which have been
realized through the operations from our newly acquired businesses in SFD and WCCC, which were acquired through our business combination,
which closed on August 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately 99 of our revenues were realized from
precious metal sales from our business plan of buying and selling precious metal commodities on the open market during the COVID-19 pandemic
while our remediation operations were shut down or delayed. These precious metals were acquired for immediate resale, with us acting
as intermediary and never keeping an inventory of precious metals. 

Cost
of Revenue 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our cost of revenues consisted primarily of costs associated with selling oil and natural gas
liquid through the operations from our newly acquired businesses in SFD and WCCC, which were acquired through our business combination
which closed on August 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our cost of revenues consisted primarily of costs associated
with selling our precious metals on the open market and precious metal commodity broker fees. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
costs of revenue were 25,239,962 and 1,050,676, respectively, representing an increase of 24,189,286 or 2,302.26 . The increase in
the cost of revenue is primarily attributed to the cost of goods sold for our oil and natural gas liquid products realized through the
operations from our newly acquired businesses in SFD and WCCC, which were acquired through our business combination, which closed on August
1, 2022. 

Gross
Profit and Gross Margin 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 we realized gross profit of 2,867,261 and 37,752, respectively, representing an increase of 2,829,509 or 7,494.99 . For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the gross profit increased in proportion to the revenue and costs of revenue related to the purchase and
sale of our oil and natural gas liquid products. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the gross profit increased in proportion to
the revenue and costs of revenue related to the purchase and sale of precious metals as described above. 

Our
gross margin will continue to be affected by a variety of factors that include the market prices of our oil products, the volume produced
by our facilities, and our ability to raise capital to continue to fund our operations or other ancillary agreements outside of the oil
gathering, transportation, and storage activities. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses consist primarily of marketing, general and administrative expenses, bad debt expense, impairment loss, and amortization
and depreciation expense. Marketing expenses include marketing fees of company representatives for marketing the business and is products
and services as well as investor customer service. General and administrative expenses include professional services, including audit,
tax, and legal fees associated with the costs for services in finance, accounting, administrative activities and the formation and compliance
of a public company. Bad debt expense includes the expense associated with assets that management analyses and estimates may be uncollectible.
Impairment loss includes the expense associate with events or changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. If the expected future cash flow from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition is less than the carrying
amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized. Amortization and depreciation expense uses the useful life of the asset to calculate
the amortization or depreciation expense in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and management s judgment. 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, we realized operating expenses of 25,611,216 and 6,963,668, which represents an increase of 18,647,548, or 267.78 .
Our operating expenses increased due to multiple substantial events and their associated expenses throughout 2022, including approximately
 12,300,837 in impairment loss and bad debt expense, as discussed below. 

27 

For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, we realized an impairment loss of 11,138,830 and none, which represents an increase of 11,138,830 or 100 . Our impairment
loss directly related to multiple events throughout 2022, including disruptions at our Vernal, Utah plant due to recent, supply and personnel
limitations, in which we realized an impairment loss of 447,124 on this license agreement with TBT Group and the possibilities of embedding
self-powered sensors directly into the asphaltic cement we may generate from the Vernal, Utah RPC; After taking into consideration new
information related to the costs of building our own test facility or using new partners to test our ammonia synthesis catalyst, we realized
an impairment loss of 3,254,999 to our ammonia synthesis assets; The operations surrounding our precious metals extraction services were
suspended until recently, although due to these suspended activities and a shift in 2022 of the Company s focus to the oil and gas
industry, we have realized an impairment loss 6,269,998 surrounding the extraction machinery, and we reserved further against our work-in-process
precious metal concentrate in the amount of 1,166,709 as it has not been sold as anticipated in its concentrate form. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we realized bad debt expense of 1,162,007 and none, which represents an increase
of 1,162,007 or 100 . The increase in bad debt expense is directly related to two note receivables. The first note receivable
relates to the sale 3,309,578 shares of marketable securities in December 2021 in a private transaction for a purchase price of
 860,491, reflecting the market price as of such time. Such purchase price was paid in the form of 10,000 cash delivered at signing
and a note issued in favor of Vivakor in the amount of 850,491 with payments due quarterly over a five-year term. The purchaser
made their initial payment in the first quarter of 2022 but has not made further payments. The second note receivable is a 333,744
note receivable with TMC Capital, LLC, an affiliate of MCW Energy Group Limited. The parties amended their agreement in
December 2021 to have the note paid on or before October 1, 2022, but we have not received payment. As of
December 31, 2022 we have reserved against these notes in the amount of 828,263 and 333,744. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we realized management and board of director compensation, and audit, tax, legal expenses of 6,268,684 and 1,409,267, which represents
an increase of 4,859,417 or 344.82 . Throughout 2022 we recognized increased professional services and compensation expenses, which relate
to our registration statement, its amendments, preparing for and completing an underwritten public offering of our common stock, including
our preparations and completion of an uplist of our common stock to a senior stock exchange, and two substantial acquisitions of SFD and
WCCC. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, professional services related to audit, tax, and legal, were 1,463,089 and
 404,711 which represents an increase of 1,058,378 or 261.51 . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the (accrued or paid)
cash compensation of management and the board of directors was 1,562,456 and 214,556 which represents an increase of 1,347,500 or 628.23 ,
with management accruing approximately 85 of its salary, bonus, and signing bonus compensation (see Note 14). The increase in salary
compensation expense was primarily attributed to new compensation agreements with management and the board members serving at that time
after the Company s successful underwritten public offering of net proceeds of 6.2 million and uplist to Nasdaq in February 2022.
New compensation agreements were entered into as a result of previous executive management being significantly undercompensated prior
to the underwritten public offering and uplist to Nasdaq (see Note 17). In order to retain management, in June 2022, executive salaries
were increased, signing bonuses were granted, and stock options were issued to both executives at the time as authorized and granted by
the board of directors for the two then executives (see Note 17). In October 2022 our previous CEO resigned, and we entered into
an employment agreement with our current CEO, where the CEO salary increased to 1,000,000 annually, but is only payable in common stock
of the Company (see Note 17). Further, the independent directors serving at that time increased their compensation, which included signing
bonuses, and granted stock options to the independent board members that vested immediately (where previously there were no signing bonuses
and stock options vested over one year), which increased board compensation expense approximately 250,000 in 2022. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we realized stock option expense of 4,079,591 and 2,031,112, which represents an increase of 2,048,479,
or 100.86 increase. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we realized amortization and depreciation expense of 2,953,629 and 1,462,492, which
represents an increase of 1,491,137 or 101.96 . The increase in amortization and depreciation expense is primarily attributed to the
amortization of our newly acquired contracts (see Note 13) and depreciation from our newly acquired property, plant and equipment held
by SFD and WCCC, which were acquired through our business combination, which closed on August 1, 2022. 

Loss
from Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we realized a loss from operations of 22,743,955 and 6,925,916, which represents an increase of 15,818,039, or 228.39 . The increase
in loss is attributed to the net effect of the increase in gross profit and increase in operating expenses discussed above. 

28 

Interest
expense 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we realized interest expense of 1,519,281 and 501,598, which represents an increase of 1,017,683, or 202.89 . The increase in
interest expense is mainly attributable the 28,664,284 in notes payable issued as consideration for our newly acquired entities, SFD
and WCCC, which were acquired through our business combination, which closed on August 1, 2022. The notes accrue interest of prime
plus 3 on the outstanding balance of the notes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued 1,126,429 in interest on
these notes payable. 

Unrealized
loss on marketable securities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported an unrealized loss of 578,464 and 1,094,054 on marketable securities,
which represents a decrease in the unrealized loss of 515,590, or 47.13 . Our marketable securities were considered to be traded on
an active market and were accounted for at a fair value based on the quoted prices in the active markets resulting in aggregate unrealized
losses as noted above. 

Gain
disposition of assets 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we recorded a gain on the disposition of certain assets of 2,456 and 87,044, which represents a decrease of 84,588, or 97.18 .
In 2022 the Company sold a vehicle, which resulted in a gain on the sale of 2,456. In August 2021 we converted 81,768 of our note
receivable with Scepter Holdings, Inc. Scepter , Ticker: BRZL, OTC Markets) into 26,376,882 shares of the borrower s
common stock pursuant to the terms of the note at 0.0031 per share. On the date of the conversion, the price per share on OTC Markets
was 0.0062 per share, which resulted in a 87,044 gain on the disposition of the note receivable. 

Provision
for income tax 

The Company recorded
an income tax benefit of 4,436,691 and 1,050,207 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s
effective tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 18.69 and 16.48 , which was the result of the benefit of book losses offset by an additional
valuation allowance on the net operating losses. 

Cash
flows 

The
following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
as presented below: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (4,143,297 
 (2,901,696 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (2,332,754 
 (4,514,642 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 8,165,125 
 8,511,153 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We have historically suffered net losses and cumulative
negative cash flows from operations and, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 55.2 million
and 35.7 million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an working capital deficit of approximately 3.77 million and 2.09 million,
respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 3,182,793 and 1,493,719, with 81,607 and 199,952 attributed
to variable interest entities, respectively. 

To date we have financed our operations primarily
through debt financing, private equity offerings and our working interest agreements, although on February 14, 2022, the Company
closed an underwritten public offering of 1,600,000 shares of common stock, at a public offering price of 5.00 per share, for aggregate
net proceeds of 6.2 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. The Company s
Common Stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VIVK . 

29 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, our net cash used in operating activities was mainly comprised of net effect of the consolidated net loss of 20,247,621 and 7,255,706,
a 4,437,492 and 1,051,007 (decrease) related to our provision for income taxes and deferred tax liabilities, our depreciation and amortization
of 2,953,629 and 1,462,492, an impairment loss of 11,138,830 and none, a bad debt expense of 1,162,007 and none, an decrease in accounts
receivable of 2,613,278 and 6,890, changes in accounts payable of 3,408,157 (decrease) and 38,128 (increase), changes in prepaids of
 59,900 and none, and changes inventory of 162,148, all of which are directly related to our 2022 acquisitions (SFD and WCCC s)
operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were also able to issue stock for services of 1,472,888 and 438,004,
common stock options issued for services in relation to a consultant and the Board of Director of 1,472,888 and 1,585,000, and stock-based
compensation employees of 2,606,703 and 446,112 in lieu of using cash. We also realized interest expense on loans and notes payable
of 1,454,752 and 501,598 related to the 28,664,284 in notes payable issued as consideration for our newly acquired entities, SFD and
WCCC, which were acquired through our business combination, which closed on August 1, 2022. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 we also realized a 2,456 and 87,044 gain on the disposition of assets, including the sale of vehicle in 2022 and the conversion
of a note receivable in 2021, and an unrealized loss of 578,464 and 1,094,054 on marketable securities as described above. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, our net cash used in investing activities was mainly attributed to our purchase of equipment of 2,491,174 and 4,236,276 related
to the manufacturing of our RPCs and a wash plant facilities (2022). The Company also paid 265,000 for an additional license technology
for piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies for creating self-powered sensors for making smart roadways in 2021. 

Our
net cash provided by our financing activities was mainly attributed to the net effect of the following events: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, and we received proceeds of 3,640,046 and 9,135,984related to the issuance of convertible bridge notes and other loans. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, as included in the proceeds above, we obtained Paycheck Protection Program loans for 295,745 that
may be forgiven under the CARES Act, if we can demonstrate that the proceeds from the loan were
used for eligible expenses . We also received proceeds of 6,240,000 from our February 14, 2022 underwritten public offering
of 1,600,000 shares of common stock. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we paid down notes payable by 853,230 and 562,046
and made distributions to Viva Wealth Fund I, LLC unit holders of 861,691 and 55,050. 

Capitalized interest on construction in process
was none and 1,614,697 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no further existing firm obligations; however, we
anticipate further construction costs of approximately 1.7 million in connection with our construction in process of our RPC Series A
 and construction for each Nanosponge costs approximately 200,000, and we intend to manufacture and add a Nanosponge to our current
and future RPCs. 

We have historically suffered net losses and cumulative
negative cash flows from operations, and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 55.2 million. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a working capital deficit of approximately 3.77 million and 2.09 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2022 we had cash of 3.1 million. In addition, we have obligations to pay approximately 17,500,000 (of which
approximately 16,500,000 can be satisfied through the issuance of our common stock under the terms of the debt and 334,000 is related
to PPP loans that are anticipated to be forgiven) of debt in cash within one year of the issuance of these financial statements. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In February 2022, the Company
closed an underwritten public offering of 1,600,000 shares of common stock, at a public offering price of 5.00 per share, for aggregate
net proceeds of 6.2 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. Prior to the offering,
we financed our operations primarily through debt financing, private equity offerings, and our working interest agreements. We believe
the liquid assets from the Company s available for sale investments and funding provided from subsequent fundraising activities
(see Note 24) of the Company will give it adequate working capital to finance our day-to-day operations for at least twelve months through
May 2024. Our CEO has also committed to provide credit support through June 2024, as necessary, for an amount up to 8 million to
provide the Company sufficient cash resources, if required, to execute its plans for the next twelve months. Based on the above, we believe
these plans alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our ability to continue to access capital could
be affected adversely by various factors, including general market and other economic conditions, interest rates, the perception of our
potential future earnings and cash distributions, any unwillingness on the part of lenders to make loans to us and any deterioration in
the financial position of lenders that might make them unable to meet their obligations to us. If we cannot raise capital through public
or private debt financings, equity offerings, or other means, our ability to grow our business may be negatively affected. In such case,
we may need to suspend site and plant construction or further acquisitions until market conditions improve. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Our contractual obligations as of December 31,
2022 for finance lease liabilities are for the sale and leaseback of certain land, property, plant, and equipment that were acquired in
the closing of our business combination, which acquired SFD and WCCC on August 1, 2022, which leases end in 2025 and 2026. Finance
lease obligations as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2023 
 963,900 
 
 2024 
 963,900 
 
 2025 
 594,792 
 
 2026 
 471,756 
 
 Total 
 2,994,383 

30 

Our contractual obligations as of December 31,
2022 for operating lease liabilities are for office and warehouse space, which leases end in 2024 and 2025, and a land lease which ends
in 2042. Operating lease obligations as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2023 
 471,991 
 
 2024 
 435,906 
 
 2025 
 162,545 
 
 2026 
 136,975 
 
 2027 
 153,089 
 
 Thereafter 
 2,865,620 
 
 Total 
 4,226,126 

Interest
Rate and Market Risk 

Interest
Rate Risk 

Interest
rate risk is the potential for reduced net interest income and other rate-sensitive income resulting from adverse changes in the level
of interest rates. We do not have variable interest rate-sensitive income agreements. We do have financing arrangements that were issued
on August 1, 2022 as consideration for the business combination and acquisition of SFD and WCCC, in which the three year notes have
variable interest rates based on the prime rate, which exposes us to further interest expense if the prime rate increases. We believe
that the LIBOR is being phased out globally and do not have any financings with variable interest rates based on the LIBOR. 

Market
Risk Equity Investments 

Market
risk is the potential for loss arising from adverse changes in the fair value of fixed-income securities, equity securities, other earning
assets, and derivative financial instruments as a result of changes in interest rates or other factors. We own equity securities that
are publicly traded. Because the fair value of these securities may fall below the cost at which we acquired them, we are exposed to
the possibility of loss. Equity investments are approved, monitored, and evaluated by members of management. 

Inflation 

Prolonged
periods of slow growth, significant inflationary pressures, volatility and disruption in financial markets, could lead to increased costs
of doing business. Inflation generally will cause suppliers to increase their rates, and inflation may also increase employee salaries
and benefits. In connection with such rate increases, we may or may not be able to increase our pricing to consumers. Inflation could
cause both our investment and cost of revenue to increase, thereby lowering our return on investment and depressing our gross margins. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Critical
Accounting Policies Use of Estimates 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements included
in this report, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. For further information on the critical accounting policies see Note
3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. Estimates by their nature are based on judgments and available information. Our estimates are made based upon historical
factors, current circumstances and the experience and judgment of management. Assumptions and estimates are evaluated on an ongoing basis,
and we may employ outside experts to assist in evaluations. Therefore, actual results could materially differ from those estimates under
different assumptions and conditions. We believe our critical accounting estimates relate to the following: Recoverability of current
and noncurrent assets, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, income taxes, effective interest rates related to long-term debt,
marketable securities, lease assets and liabilities, valuation of stock used to acquire assets, and derivatives. 

Item 7A
 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

31 

Item 8
 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
consolidated financial statements required by this item begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item 9
 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item 9A
 - Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative
to their costs. 

Based on management s evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as a result of the material weaknesses described below, as of December 31,
2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level and are ineffective to provide reasonable
assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The
material weaknesses, which relate to internal control over financial reporting, that were identified include the following: We did not
have enough personnel in our accounting and financial reporting functions. Due to insufficient personnel in our accounting department,
we were not able to achieve adequate segregation of duties, and, as a result, we did not have adequate review controls surrounding: (i)
our technical accounting matters in our financial reporting process, and (ii) the work of specialists involved in the estimation process.
These control deficiencies, which are pervasive in nature, result in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements of the financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the
technical expertise and knowledge with the non-routine or technical issues we have encountered in the past will result in both proper
recording of these transactions and a much more knowledgeable finance department as a whole. Since our assessment as of December 31, 2022,
we have hired additional external accounting staff, whom are consultants with expertise in research and technical guidance, and we are
working to retain additional qualified valuation experts that report on their internal controls. We believe that these additions may provide
for the remediation of these material weaknesses in 2023. 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as
necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes in internal control
over financial reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d)
of Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Since our assessment as of December 31, 2022,
we have hired additional external accounting staff, whom are consultants with expertise in research and technical guidance. We believe
that these additions may provide for the remediation of our material weaknesses in 2023. 

Management s report
on internal control over financial reporting. 

Our
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
December 31, 2022 for the reasons discussed above. 

32 

Item 9B
 - Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C
 - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

33 

PART
III 

Item 10
 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors, executive officers and significant employees. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 James
 Ballengee 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 
 Tyler
 Nelson 
 
 42 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) and Director 
 
 Dr.
 Daniel Hashim 
 
 38 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer 
 
 John
 Harris 
 
 74 
 
 Director 
 
 Albert
 Johnson 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 Natan 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Executive
Officers 

James
H. Ballengee joined Vivakor as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board in 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ballengee
had more than two decades of experience in midstream oil and gas senior management roles. Previously, he had been involved in two major
private equity portfolio companies holding positions including Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer,
and Chairman of the Board. From 1997 through 2010, Mr. Ballengee served first as Chief Financial Officer, then Chief Executive Officer,
then Chief Commercial Officer of Taylor Logistics, LLC, a Halifax Group-backed private equity portfolio company focused on crude oil
marketing and logistics, which he led through a successful sale to Gibson Energy, Inc. (TSX: GEI). From 2010 to 2013, he was Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Bridger Group, LLC, a private crude oil marketing firm. From 2013 to 2015, he was a board member
and Chief Commercial Officer of Bridger, LLC, a Riverstone Holdings-backed private equity portfolio company focused on crude oil marketing
and logistics, which he led through a successful sale to Ferrellgas Partners, LP (NYSE: FGP). Mr. Ballengee currently manages an exempt
family office, which in turn holds and manages investments principally in the oil and gas, sports and entertainment, and real estate
sectors. He has an undergraduate degree in accounting from Louisiana State University Shreveport. 

Tyler
Nelson joined Vivakor on a part-time basis as Chief Financial Officer in 2014 and has served as full-time Chief Financial Officer
since September 2020. Mr. Nelson joined the Board of Directors of Vivakor in January 2023. Mr. Nelson is a CPA who worked from
2006 to 2011 in Audit and Enterprise Risk Services at Deloitte LLP (USA) and later at Withum+Brown, PC. He worked with clients with assets
of more than 100 billion and annual revenues of more than 15 billion, which are considered some of the most respected financial institutions
in the world. In 2011, Mr. Nelson began working for LBL Professional Consulting, Inc. where he provided merger and acquisition, initial
public offering, and interim chief financial officer services to clients. Mr. Nelson continues to sit on the Board of Directors and remains
an officer of LBL Professional Consulting, Inc. Mr. Nelson earned a Master s Degree in Accountancy from the University of Illinois-
Urbana-Champaign, and a Bachelor s Degree in Economics with a minor in Business Management from Brigham Young University. 

Dr.
Daniel Hashim joined Vivakor as Chief Scientific Officer in 2017. Dr. Hashim has extensive experience in the areas of nanoscience
research, advanced materials synthesis, characterization, application, innovation and technological entrepreneurship. In addition to
leading scientific efforts for Vivakor and its related companies, Dr. Hashim has served as the Founder, Chairman and CEO of CSS Nanotech,
Inc. CSS since 2014. CSS is a nanomaterials research and development company that designs and commercializes useful structural
nanomaterials that exhibit safe-to-handle nanofunctionality on a macro-scale, to include carbon filtration media, water
purification, oil spill remediation, structural composite materials, electrode materials, petrochemical refining and thermal management
systems. Mr. Hashim holds a Bachelor s Degree in Materials Science Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, with a PhD
from Rice University in the field of Materials Science and NanoEngineering. 

34 

Directors 

James
Ballengee - See Executive Officers 

Tyler
Nelson - See Executive Officers 

John
R. Harris , age 74, combines over 35 years of experience in Board of Directors, CEO and Senior Management positions in a variety of
industries including technology services, telecommunications, healthcare, and business process outsourcing. He currently serves on the
board of directors for the Hackett Group, Hifu Prostate Services, GenHemp, and Everservice. Since 2009 Mr. Harris has primarily been
a private investor, advisor, and board member for both public and privately held companies. From 2006 to 2009 he was CEO of Etelecare
Global solutions a leading provider of offshore teleservices to Fortune 1,000 companies. From 2003 to 2005 he served as the CEO of Seven
Worldwide, a digital content management company where he was previously a member of the board of directors of the company. From 2001
to 2003, Mr. Harris consulted with a variety of venture-backed early-stage companies. Previously Mr. Harris spent 25 years with Electronic
Data Systems in a variety of senior executive positions to include President of the 4 strategic business units serving the telecommunications
and media industries world-wide. He was elected as a Corporate Vice-President and Officer of the company. During his tenure with EDS,
he gained extensive international experience working and living in the Middle East, Europe and Asia. Mr. Harris has extensive public
company board experience through prior services on the boards of Premier Global Services, Cap Rock Communications, Genuity, Ventiv Health,
Startek, Sizmek, Mobivity and Applied Graphic Technologies and served in a variety of positions to include board member, committee chairman,
lead director and chairman. Mr. Harris received his BBA and MBA from the University of West Georgia where he serves on the Board of Advisors
to the Richards School of Business. 

Albert
Johnson , age 48, brings over 25 years of experience in operations and senior management in the midstream and downstream sectors of
the oil and gas industry. Previously, Mr. Johnson had been involved in public and privately held companies holding various positions
in senior management and serving as a member of boards of directors. From 2014 to 2015, he was Director of Business Development for Sunoco
Logistics, LP., a publicly traded master limited partnership involved in the marketing, trading, transportation and terminalling of crude
oil, products and NGLS. From July 2015 through May 2017, Mr. Johnson was the Vice President of Business Development for Navigator
Energy Services, LLC., a private equity backed company involved in the gathering, transportation and terminalling of crude oil. From
March 2018 to November 2022, Mr. Johnson served as Executive Vice President Business Development for ARX Energy, LLC. Since
November 2022, Mr. Johnson has served as Chief Commercial Officer for ARX Energy, LLC., a privately held company involved in building
a world class clean fuels facility in the Port of Brownsville, Texas. Mr. Johnson served on the Board of Directors for West Texas Gulf
Pipe Line Company and on the Management Committee of SunVit Pipeline, LLC. He has an undergraduate degree in History from the University
of Texas at Austin and an MBA finance concentration from Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice University. 

David
Natan , age 69, currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Natan Associates, LLC, a consulting firm offering
chief financial officer services to public and private companies in a variety of industries, since 2007. In addition, Mr. Natan currently
serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Airborne Motorworks, Inc., a privately-held aerospace transportation
company, since April 2020. From February 2010 to May 2020, Mr. Natan served as Chief Executive Officer of ForceField Energy,
Inc. (OTCMKTS: FNRG), a company focused on the solar industry and LED lighting products. From February 2002 to November 2007,
Mr. Natan served as Executive Vice President of Reporting and Chief Financial Officer of PharmaNet Development Group, Inc., a drug development
services company, and, from June 1995 to February 2002, as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Global Technovations,
Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of oil analysis instruments and speakers and speaker components. Prior to that, Mr. Natan served in
various roles of increasing responsibility with Deloitte Touche LLP, a global consulting firm. Mr. Natan currently serves as a
member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee of Global Diversified Marketing Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS: GDMK), a manufacturer,
marketer and distributor of food and snack products, since February 2021 and serves as a member of the Board of Directors and Chair
of the Audit Committee of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: SBFM), a pharmaceutical and nutritional supplement company, since February 2022.
Previously, Mr. Natan served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of ForceField Energy, Inc., from April 2015 to May 2020,
and as a member of the Board of Directors of Global Technovations, Inc., from December 1999 to December 2001. Mr. Natan holds
a B.A. in Economics from Boston University. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors and executive officers. 

35 

Corporate
Governance Overview 

Board
Composition and Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors consists of five members.
The directors are elected at each annual meeting to hold office until the next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified. The Company defines independent as that term is defined in the Nasdaq rules. 

In
making the determination of whether a member of the board is independent, our board considers, in addition to Nasdaq rules, among other
things, and transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate family and the Company, including those reported under
the caption Related Party Transactions. The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions
are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its
understanding of such relationships and transactions, our Board of Directors affirmatively determined that David Natan, Matthew Balk
and Trent Staggs are qualified as independent and do not have any material relationships with us that might interfere with his exercise
of independent judgment. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Each committee has its own charter, which is available on our website at www.vivakor.com . Each of the board committees has the
composition and responsibilities described below. 

Members
will serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee is currently comprised of David Natan, Albert Johnson and John Harris, each of whom qualify as an independent director
under applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules, and financially literate under applicable Nasdaq rules. Our board has determined
that David Natan, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert , as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K. David Natan serves as the chairman of the Audit Committee. 

The
Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and oversee the audit of our consolidated financial statements
and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The responsibilities of this committee include, but are not limited
to: 

selecting
 and recommending to our Board of Directors the appointment of an independent registered public
 accounting firm and overseeing the engagement of such firm; 

approving
 the fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm; 

helping
 to ensure the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing
 the integrity of our financial statements; 

preparing
 an audit committee report as required by the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement; 

resolving
 any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting; 

reviewing
 with management and the independent auditors any correspondence with regulators and any published
 reports that raise material issues regarding the Company s accounting policies; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; and 

overseeing
 compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 

36 

The
Audit Committee is authorized to retain independent legal and other advisors and conduct or authorize investigations into any matter
within the scope of its duties. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our Compensation Committee is currently comprised
of David Natan, Albert Johnson, and John Harris, each of whom qualify as an independent director under applicable Nasdaq rules. John Harris
serves as the chairman of the Compensation Committee. 

Our
Compensation Committee assists the board of directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of the board
of directors and our executive officers. 

The
responsibilities of this committee include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation
 for our Chief Executive Officer; 

reviewing,
 approving and recommending to our board of directors on an annual basis the evaluation process
 and compensation structure for our other executive officers; 

determining
 the need for and the appropriateness of employment agreements and change in control agreements
 for each of our executive officers and any other officers recommended by the Chief Executive
 Officer or Board of Directors; 

providing
 oversight of management s decisions concerning the performance and compensation of
 other company officers, employees, consultants and advisors; 

reviewing
 our incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes in such
 plans to our Board of Directors as needed, and exercising all the authority of our Board
 of Directors with respect to the administration of such plans; 

reviewing
 and recommending to our Board of Directors the compensation of independent directors, including
 incentive and equity-based compensation; and 

selecting,
 retaining and terminating such compensation consultants, outside counsel or other advisors
 as it deems necessary or appropriate. 

The
Compensation Committee may delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it deems appropriate. The Compensation Committee
is authorized to retain independent legal and other advisors, and conduct or authorize investigations into any matter within the scope
of its duties. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
is currently comprised of David Natan, Albert Johnson, and John Harris, each of whom qualify as an independent director under applicable
Nasdaq rules. Albert Johnson serves as the chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

The
purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to recommend to the Board of Directors nominees for election as directors
and persons to be elected to fill any vacancies on the Board of Directors, develop and recommend a set of corporate governance principles
and oversee the performance of the Board of Directors. 

37 

The
responsibilities of this committee include, but are not limited to: 

recommending
 to the Board of Directors nominees for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders
 and nominees to fill vacancies on the board; 

considering
 candidates proposed by stockholders in accordance with the requirements in the Committee charter; 

overseeing
 the administration of the Company s code of business conduct and ethics; 

reviewing
 with the entire Board of Directors, on an annual basis, the requisite skills and criteria
 for board candidates and the composition of the board as a whole; 

the
 authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying board candidates, approve the terms
 of the search firm s engagement, and cause the Company to pay the engaged search firm s
 engagement fee; 

recommending
 to the Board of Directors on an annual basis the directors to be appointed to each committee
 of the Board of Directors; 

overseeing
 an annual self-evaluation of the Board of Directors and its committees to determine whether
 it and its committees are functioning effectively; and 

developing
 and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it deems appropriate. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is authorized to retain independent legal and other advisors and conduct or authorize investigations
into any matter within the scope of its duties. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Currently,
Mr. Ballengee is our principal executive officer and chairman of the board. 

Risk
Oversight 

Our
Board will oversee a company-wide approach to risk management. Our Board will determine the appropriate risk level for us generally,
assess the specific risks faced by us and review the steps taken by management to manage those risks. While our Board will have ultimate
oversight responsibility for the risk management process, its committees will oversee risk in certain specified areas. 

Specifically,
our compensation committee will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and
arrangements, and the incentives created by the compensation awards it administers. Our audit committee will oversee management of enterprise
risks and financial risks, as well as potential conflicts of interests. Our board of directors will be responsible for overseeing the
management of risks associated with the independence of our Board. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers and all persons
performing similar functions. A copy of that code is available on our corporate website at www.vivakor.com . We expect that any
amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. 

38 

Item 11
 - Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
particulars of compensation paid to the following persons: 

(a) 
 all
 individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022; 

(b) 
 each
 of our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers
 at December 31, 2022 who had total compensation exceeding 100,000 (if applicable); and 

(c) 
 up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not
 serving as our executive officer at December 31, 2022 (if applicable), 

who
we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are set out in the
following summary compensation table: 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
Summary Compensation Table shows certain compensation information for services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other than as set forth herein, no executive officer s salary and bonus exceeded 100,000 in any
of the applicable years. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, the estimated fair value
of stock options granted and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 James
 Ballengee 
 2022 
 178,082 (2) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 178,082 (2) 
 
 CEO
 and Chairman (1) 

Tyler
 Nelson 
 2022 
 219,315 (3) 
 605,467 
 -0- 
 1,652,085 (4) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 35,220 (5) 
 2,512,087 
 
 CFO
 and Secretary 
 2021 
 49,920 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 49,920 

Matthew
 Nicosia 
 2022 
 138,904 (7) 
 125,000 (8) 
 -0- 
 1,053,224 (9) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 11,044 (5) 
 1,328,172 
 
 Former
 CEO and Former Chairman (6) 
 2021 
 50,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 50,000 

(1) 
 Mr. Ballengee was hired as our Chief Executive Officer on October 28, 2022. 

(2) 
 Total amount accrued as of December 31, 2022. Mr. Ballengee s salary will be paid in shares of our common stock, priced based on the volume-weighted average price for the preceding five (5) NASDAQ trading days prior to the Effective Date or annual anniversary of his Employment Agreement, as applicable. The five (5) day volume-weighted average price of our common stock for the salary set forth in the table was 1.083. As a result, we are required to issue Mr. Ballengee 164,434 shares of our common stock as payment for his salary for 2022. 

(3) 
 Of this total amount, 51,662 was paid in cash and the remaining 167,653 was accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

39 

(4) 
 Includes the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option to acquire 917,825 shares of our common stock issued to Mr. Nelson under the Nelson Employment Agreement. Such stock options were priced using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the options on the date of grant, using the following assumptions: 

June
 9, 2022 

Risk-free
 interest rate 
 3.04 

Expected
 dividend yield 
 None 

Expected
 life of warrants 
 10
 years 

Expected
 volatility rate 
 254 

(5) 
 Includes amounts for accrued employee benefits. All amounts accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

(6) 
 Mr. Nicosia resigned as an executive officer, Chairman of the Board and as a Director, effective October 6, 2022. Such resignations were not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

(7) 
 Of this total amount, 50,000 was paid in cash and the remaining 88,904 was accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

(8) 
 Accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

(9) 
 Includes the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option to acquire 503,935 shares of our common stock issued to Mr. Nicosia under the Nicosia Employment Agreement. Stock options to acquire the remaining 451,158 shares of our common stock under the Nicosia Employment Agreement were forfeited when Mr. Nicosia resigned as our Chief Executive Officer and, as a result, have not be valued in the table. The 503,935 stock options were priced using guidance from ASC 718 and the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the options on the date of grant, using the following assumptions: 

June
 9, 2022 

Risk-free
 interest rate 
 3.07 

Expected
 dividend yield 
 None 

Expected
 life of warrants 
 5
 years 

Expected
 volatility rate 
 169 

Employment
Agreements 

James
Ballengee 

On
October 28, 2022, we entered into an executive employment agreement with James Ballengee (the Ballengee Employment Agreement with respect to our appointment of Mr. Ballengee as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Ballengee
Employment Agreement, Mr. Ballengee will receive annual compensation of 1,000,000 payable in shares of our common stock, priced at the
volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the five trading days preceding the date of the Ballengee Employment Agreement and each anniversary
thereof (the CEO Compensation ). The CEO Compensation is subject to satisfaction of Nasdaq rules, the provisions of our
equity incentive plan and other applicable requirements and shall be accrued if such issuance is due prior to satisfaction of such requirements.
Additionally, Mr. Ballengee shall be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus. The Ballengee Employment Agreement may be terminated
by either party for any or no reason, by providing a five days notice of termination. 

Pursuant
to the Ballengee Employment Agreement, Mr. Ballengee was granted the right to nominate two additional directors for appointment to the
Board in his sole discretion, as well as a third additional director upon issuance of the Note Payment Shares (defined below), subject
to such directors passing a background check. Pursuant to the Ballengee Employment Agreement, Mr. Ballengee nominated John Harris and
Albert Johnson as Board of Director appointees and both were appointed in January 2023. 

40 

Tyler
Nelson 

On
June 9, 2022, we entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Tyler Nelson (the Nelson Employment Agreement to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. The agreement provides for an annual salary of 350,000 (the Nelson Base Salary ).
The Nelson Base Salary is payable in equal installments and will be paid every two weeks. The Nelson Base Salary will increase by 100,000
upon the Company earning a total of at least 2,000,000 in Adjusted EBITDA during any calendar year, and the Nelson Base Salary will
continue to increase in 100,000 increments for each additional 1,000,000 increase in EBITDA over 2,000,000 during the term of the
Nelson Employment Agreement up to 650,000 at which time the Nelson Base Salary will continue to increase in 13,500 increments for each
additional 1,000,000 increase in Adjusted EBITDA over 4,000,000. Any increase to the Nelson Base Salary will be effective the first
pay period of the Company after the Company reaches a particular EBITDA amount is achieved that triggers the increase. For example purposes
only and not by way of limitation: (i) if on October 31, 2023 the Company reaches 3,000,000 in EBITDA earned during the 2023 calendar
year, the Nelson Base Salary would increase to 550,000 commencing the Company s first pay period after October 31, 2023.
Under the Nelson Employment Agreement Mr. Nelson will also receive a 100,000 cash bonus in recognition of the fact Mr. Nelson was undercompensated
for his past services to the Company and as an inducement for him to continue providing services as our Chief Financial Officer. 

The
Nelson Employment Agreement has an initial term of two years and automatically extends for successive one-year periods unless terminated
in writing by the Company or Mr. Nelson at least three months prior to the end of the applicable term. It is anticipated that Mr. Nelson
will receive a bonus for 2022, with such bonus to be determined by our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors taking into account
the general business performance of the Company, including any completed financings and/or acquisition. For 2023 forward it is anticipated
that our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors will approve an annual executive incentive bonus plan, which shall be updated
annually by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, and possibly a growth metrics or acquisition transaction
bonus plan. Once established, Mr. Nelson will be eligible to participate in such plans during the term of the Nelson Employment Agreement. 

Under
the Nelson Employment Agreement, Mr. Nelson was granted a stock option to acquire 917,825 shares of our common stock (the Stock
Option under our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (each an Equity Award ). Any Equity Awards granted to Mr. Nelson will
be documented by issuing him a grant document (i.e. a stock option agreement). The Stock Option will vest over two years with 360,145
of the shares vesting immediately, 219,312 of the shares vesting three (3) months after issuance, and the remaining 338,368 of the shares
vesting in equal quarterly installments over the remaining seven (7) quarters (48,338 for 6 quarters and 48,340 for the last quarter),
with an exercise price equal to 100 of the fair market value on the date grant, and which expires ten (10) years after the date of grant.
In the event Mr. Nelson is terminated without Cause (as defined in the Nelson Employment Agreement) or resigns for Good Reason (as defined
in Nelson Employment Agreement), one hundred percent (100 of the then unvested shares subject to each Option Agreement will fully vest
and become fully exercisable. The Option Agreement will allow Mr. Nelson to exercise the vested options provided by the Option Agreement
for a period of three (3) years following any termination of Mr. Nelson s employment. 

Upon
termination Mr. Nelson s employment by Mr. Nelson for good reason, by the Company without cause, or by the Company because of disability,
the Company will pay or provide Mr. Nelson (i) any unpaid base salary and any accrued benefits through the date of termination; (ii)
amounts payable under any Company bonus plans in which Mr. Nelson is eligible to participate as of the date of the termination of his
employment on a pro-rated basis; (iii) for a period of 12 months, Mr. Nelson s then current monthly base salary; (iv) outplacement
services for Mr. Nelson for a period of 12 months with an outplacement firm selected by Mr. Nelson; (v) at Mr. Nelson s election
to continue health insurance coverage under COBRA, Mr. Nelson s monthly premium until (a) the close of the severance period, as
defined therein, (b) the expiration of Mr. Nelson s continuation of coverage under COBRA, or (c) the date when Mr. Nelson becomes
eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment, and (vi) 100 of any unvested stock
options will fully vest and become exercisable. Mr. Nelson will have three (3) after termination to exercise any vested stock options.
Upon the termination of Mr. Nelson s employment because of death, Mr. Nelson s estate will be entitled to receive (i) Mr.
Nelson s then current base salary through the end of the month in which his death occurs, (ii) all accrued and unpaid compensation
(including any accrued and unused vacation time) and earned but unpaid bonus payments. Upon the termination Mr. Nelson s employment
by the Company for cause or by Mr. Nelson without good reason, the Company will pay Mr. Nelson (i) a pro rata amount of Mr. Nelson s
then current base salary through the date his employment is terminated and (ii) all unpaid bonuses and accrued and unpaid compensations
(including any accrued and unused vacation). 

41 

Stock
Incentive Plan 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

Our
Board of directors approved a new equity incentive plan in February 2022, which authorizes the issuance of up to 2,000,000 shares
of common stock through the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options qualifying under section 422 of the Code and
nonstatutory stock options), restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance awards, other stock-based
awards or any combination of the foregoing. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding stock awards held by the Named Executive Officers on December 31,
2022: 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option 
Expiration Date 
 Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That
 Have Not Vested ) 
 
 James
 Ballengee 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Tyler
 Nelson 
 627,795 
 290,030 
 -0- 
 1.80 
 June 8, 2032 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Matthew
 Nicosia (1) 
 503,935 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 1.98 
 June 8, 2027 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

(1) Mr.
Nicosia resigned as an executive officer, Chairman of the Board and as a Director, effective October 6, 2022. Such resignations
were not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices.
Includes stock option to acquire 503,935 shares of our common stock issued to Mr. Nicosia under the Nicosia Employment Agreement. Stock
options to acquire the remaining 451,158 shares of our common stock under the Nicosia Employment Agreement were forfeited when Mr. Nicosia
resigned as our Chief Executive Officer and, as a result, are not reflected in the table. 

Aggregated
Option Exercises 

There
were no options exercised by any officer or director of our company during our twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plan 

We
do not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement plan, although we may adopt one or more of such plans
in the future. 

42 

Director
Compensation 

The
table below shows the compensation paid to our directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. The following current Board of
Directors members were appointed after January 1, 2023, and, as a result, are not reflected in the below table: Tyler Nelson, John
Harris and Albert Johnson. 

Name 
 Fees 
Earned or 
Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock
Awards ) 
 Option
Awards ) 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 
 All
Other 
Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 James Ballengee 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

David Natan 
 1,923 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,923 

Matthew Balk (1) 
 32,500 
 - 
 93,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 125,500 

Trent Staggs (2) 
 42,500 
 - 
 93,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 135,500 

Al Ferrara (3) 
 38,333 
 - 
 93,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 131,333 

Matthew Nicosia (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Joseph Spence (5) 
 6,000 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,000 

(1) 
 Matthew
 Balk resigned from the Board of Directors on January 16, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Trent
 Staggs resigned from the Board of Directors on January 4, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Al
 Ferrara resigned from the Board of Directors on November 28, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Matthew
 Nicosia resigned from the Board of Directors on October 6, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Joseph
 Spence resigned from the Board of Directors on July 1, 2022. 

Item 12
 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our voting shares beneficially owned as of May 5, 2023 by (i) each stockholder
known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding shares of the particular class of voting stock, (ii) each executive
officer, (iii) each director, and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any
shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such
person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options, warrants and/or
other convertible securities. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the tables for
each beneficial owner is exercised solely by the beneficial owner. 

For
purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons, any shares that
such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of May 5, 2023 is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed
to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

The
percentage of beneficial ownership of our common stock is based on an aggregate of 18,064,838 shares outstanding. 

Except
as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with
respect to all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such stockholders.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director and executive officer listed is: c/o Vivakor, Inc., 4101 North Thanksgiving
Way, Lehi, Utah 84043. 

43 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 James H. Ballengee, Chief Executive Officer and Director (1) 
 3,009,552 
 16.66 
 
 Tyler Nelson, Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 - 

Daniel Hashim, Chief Scientific Officer (3) 
 166,667 

David Natan, Director 
 - 

John R. Harris, Director 
 - 

Albert Johnson, Director 
 - 

All Officers and Directors as a group (six persons) 
 3,176,219 
 17.58 

5 Beneficial Stockholders 

Matthew Nicosia (4) 
 4,189,405 
 23.19 
 
 Everett Monroe (5) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Daniel O. Ritt Trust (6) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Peter D Arruda (7) 
 - 
 - 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Value of Class B Units of VV RII Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of VV RII Class B Units Beneficially Owned 
 
 James H. Ballengee, Chief Executive Officer and Director (1) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tyler Nelson, Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 - 

Daniel Hashim, Chief Scientific Officer (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 David Natan, Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 John R. Harris, Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 Albert Johnson, Director 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Officers and Directors as a group (six persons) 

- 

5 Beneficial Stockholders 
 - 

Matthew Nicosia (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Everett Monroe (5) 
 90,000 
 7.88 
 
 Daniel O. Ritt Trust (6) 
 65,000 
 5.69 
 
 Peter D Arruda (7) 
 60,000 
 5.25 

Less
 than 1 
 
 (1) 
 James
 H. Ballengee s address is 5151 Beltline Road, Suite 715 Dallas, Texas 75234. Includes 2,979,456 shares of common stock held
 in the name of Jorgan Development, LLC and 30,096 shares of common stock held in the name of JBAH Holdings, LLC. James Ballengee,
 in his capacity as sole manager, has sole voting and investment power over both Jorgan Development, LLC and JBAH Holdings, LLC. 
 
 (2) 
 Does
 not include options to purchase 917,825 shares of common stock 
 
 (3) 
 The
 166,667 shares of common stock beneficially owned by Dr. Hashim are directly held by CSS Nanotech Ltd. Dr. Hashim is the Chief Executive
 Officer of CSS Nanotech Ltd. 
 
 (4) 
 The
 shares of common stock beneficially owned by Matthew Nicosia includes 4,189,405 shares of common stock held by AKMN Irrevocable Trust
 and 262 shares of common stock held by Nicosia Family Trust. Matthew Nicosia is the trustee of the AKMN Irrevocable Trust, of which
 Jonathan Nicosia, Matthew Nicosia s son, a minor, is the beneficiary. Does not include options to purchase 503,935 shares of
 common stock. 
 
 (5) 
 Everett
 Monroe s address is 5813 114th Street, Lubbock TX 79424. 
 
 (6) 
 Daniel
 O. Ritt Trust s address is 168 Dover Pkwy, Stewart Manor, NY 11530. 
 
 (7) 
 Peter
 D Arruda s address is 124 Poppleford Place, Cary, NC 27518. 

44 

Item 13
 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

The
following is a description of each transaction from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, and any material, publicly disclosed
transaction through the date of this filing and each currently proposed transaction in which: 

we
have been or are to be a participant; 

the
amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed
fiscal years; and 

any
of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of,
or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Our
current policy with regard to related party transactions is for the Board as a whole to approve any material transactions involving our
directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock. 

On
October 28, 2022, we entered into an executive employment agreement with James Ballengee (the Ballengee Employment Agreement with respect to our appointment of Mr. Ballengee as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Ballengee
Employment Agreement, Mr. Ballengee will receive annual compensation of 1,000,000 payable in shares of our common stock, priced at the
volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the five trading days preceding the date of the Ballengee Employment Agreement and each anniversary
thereof (the CEO Compensation ). The CEO Compensation is subject to satisfaction of Nasdaq rules, the provisions of our
equity incentive plan and other applicable requirements and shall be accrued if such issuance is due prior to satisfaction of such requirements.
Additionally, Mr. Ballengee shall be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus. The Ballengee Employment Agreement may be terminated
by either party for any or no reason, by providing a five days notice of termination. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued
salary owing to Mr. Ballengee of 178,082. Mr. Ballengee s salary will be paid in shares of our common stock, priced based on the
volume-weighted average price for the preceding five (5) NASDAQ trading days prior to the Effective Date or annual anniversary of his
Employment Agreement, as applicable. The five (5) day volume-weighted average price of our common stock for the salary in 2022 was 1.083.
As a result, we are required to issue Mr. Ballengee 164,434 shares of our common stock as payment for his salary for 2022. At the time
we entered into the Employment Agreement with Mr. Ballengee he was the beneficial holder of approximately 16.66 of our outstanding common
stock. 

On
October 24, 2022, the Board of Directors resolved to increase their compensation to (i) 50,000 per year in cash effective August 1,
2022, in equal quarterly payments, with the first such payment, in the amount of 12,500 due November 1, 2022 and, thereafter, 12,500
every February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1, and (ii) 100,000 stock options priced at 2.50 per share, vesting
immediately. In addition, the Board of Directors approved a one-time payment of 10,000 to each Mr. Trent Staggs and Mr. Al Ferrara for
serving as the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee and Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, respectively,
payable on November 1, 2022. Al Ferrara resigned from the Audit Committee and Board of Directors on November 28, 2022. Trent
Staggs resigned from the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors on January 4, 2023. Matthew Balk resigned from the Board
of Directors on January 16, 2023. 

In June 2022, we entered into employment
agreements with our former Chief Executive Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, which provided for annual base salaries of 375,000
and 350,000, respectively, and provided for incremental increases in their salaries upon our achievement of specific performance metrics.
These executives are currently accruing substantial portions of the base salaries. The employment agreements provided for the grant of
stock options to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to purchase up to 955,093 and 917,825 shares of our common stock,
respectively, at an exercise price equal to 110 and 100 of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The stock
options vest after two years of continuous employment, subject to acceleration if terminated without cause or resignations for good reason.
The agreements also provided that it was anticipated that the executives receive bonuses for 2022 which would be determined by our Compensation
Committee and Board of Directors after taking into account the general business performance of the company, including any completed financings
and or acquisitions. On September 30, 2022, our Board of Directors received notice from Matthew Nicosia, our former Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of his resignation from such positions. Such resignations are not the result of any disagreement
with us on any matter relating to our operations, policies or practices. Mr. Nicosia vested in 503,935 of these stock options before his
resignation without good reason with the remainder of his stock options were cancelled. As of December 31, 2022, we owed our Chief
Financial Officer. 700,532 in accrued compensation and benefits. As of December 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Nicosia. 402,805 in accrued
compensation and benefits. 

45 

Viva
Wealth Fund I, LLC (VWFI), which is managed by Wealth Space LLC, has continued its private offering of up to 25,000,000 in convertible
notes for the manufacture of one or more RPC machines. As of December 31, 2022, VWFI has raised 11,750,000. As of December 31,
2022, VWFI has paid 2,266,964 to Dzign Pro Enterprises, LLC (Dzign Pro) for engineering services related to our RPCs, site planning,
and infrastructure, which entity shares a common executive with VWFI. As of December 31, 2022, VWFI also entered into a master revolving
note payable to Dzign Pro in the amount of 300,000, which accrues 5 interest per annum, has a maturity date of July 14, 2024,
where no payments are made prior to the maturity date unless at the option of the fund. VWFI also entered into a master revolving note
payable to Van Tran Family LP, which is an affiliate of WealthSpace, LLC, the VWFI Fund Manager, in the amount of 599,500, which accrues
6 interest per annum, has a maturity date of October 11, 2023, where no payments are made prior to the maturity date unless at
the option of the fund. 

On
June 15, 2022, we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the MIPA ), with Jorgan Development, LLC, Jorgan and JBAH Holdings, LLC, JBAH and, together with Jorgan, the Sellers ), as the equity
holders of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC SFD and White Claw Colorado City, LLC WCCC whereby, at closing, which
occurred on August 1, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests in each of SFD and WCCC (the Membership
Interests ), making SFD and WCCC our wholly-owned subsidiaries. The purchase price for the Membership Interests was approximately
 32.9 million paid for by us with a combination of shares of our common stock, amount equal to 19.99 of the number of issued and outstanding
shares of our common stock immediately prior to issuance, and secured three-year promissory notes issued by us in favor of the Sellers
(the Notes ). The principal amount of the Notes, together with any and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will be
paid to the Sellers on a monthly basis in an amount equal to the Monthly Free Cash Flow beginning on August 20, 2022, and continuing
thereafter on the twentieth (20 th calendar day of each calendar month thereafter, as set forth in the MIPA. At the time of
the closing of these transactions Jorgan, JBAH, and our newly hired CEO, James Ballengee were not considered related parties. As James
Ballengee is now our Chief Executive Officer and is the beneficiary of Jorgan and JBAH, and the Sellers now own approximately 16.66 
of our outstanding common shares, certain transactions, as noted below, related to Jorgan, JBAH, and James Ballengee are now considered
related party transactions. 

The
consideration for the membership interests included the Notes in the amount of 286,643 to JBAH and 28,377,641 to Jorgan, which accrue
interest of prime plus 3 on the outstanding balance of the notes. Under the MIPA, we have committed to make a payment to Jorgan and
JBAH on or before February 1, 2024 in the amounts of 16,306,754 to Jorgan and 164,715 to JBAH, whether in cash or unrestricted
common stock. In the event of a breach of the terms of the Notes, the sole and exclusive remedy of the holder of the notes will be to
unwind the MIPA transaction. The principal amount of the Notes, together with any and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will be
paid to on a monthly basis in an amount equal to the Monthly Free Cash Flow continuing thereafter on the twentieth (20 th calendar day of each calendar month thereafter. Monthly Free Cash Flow means cash proceeds received by SFD and WCCC from its operations
minus any capital expenditures (including, but not limited to, maintenance capital expenditures and expenditures for personal protective
equipment, additions to the land/current facilities and pipeline connections) and any payments on the lease obligations of SFD and WCCC.
Subsequent to September 30, 2022, we entered into an agreement amending the Notes, whereby, as soon as is practicable, following
and subject to the approval of our shareholders, and provided there are no applicable prohibitions under the rules of The Nasdaq Capital
Market or other restrictions, we will issue 7,042,254 restricted shares of our common stock as a payment of 10,000,000 toward the principal
of the Notes on a pro rata basis (the Note Payment ), reflecting a conversion price of 1.42 per share. 6,971,831 shares
will be issued to Jorgan and 9,900,000 of principal owed to Jorgan will be cancelled and 70,423 shares will be issued to JBAH and 100,000
of principal owed to JBAH will be cancelled. Once a registration statement registering the shares for the Note Payment is declared effective
by the SEC, the Note Payment will count against the threshold payment amount, as defined in the notes and the MIPA. As of December 31,
2022 we have accrued interest of approximately 247,914 and made cash payments of 1,565,090. 

46 

In
the business combination of acquiring WCCC we also acquired WCCC s Oil Storage Agreement with White Claw Crude, LLC WC
Crude ), who shares a beneficiary, James Ballengee, with Jorgan and JBAH. Under this agreement, WC Crude has the right, subject
to the payment of service and maintenance fees, to store volumes of crude oil and other liquid hydrocarbons at a certain crude oil terminal
operated by WCCC. WC Crude is required to pay 150,000 per month even if the storage space is not used. The agreement expires on December 31,
2031. Since acquiring this contract on August 1, 2022 we have received tank storage revenue of approximately 750,000. 

In the business combination
of acquiring SFD, we acquired an amended Crude Petroleum Supply Agreement with WC Crude (the Supply Agreement ), under which
WC Crude supplies volumes of Crude Petroleum to SFD, which provides for the delivery to SFD a minimum of 1,000 sourced barrels per day,
and includes a guarantee that when SFD resells these barrels, if SFD does not make at least a 5.00 per barrel margin on the oil purchased
from WC Crude, then WC Crude will pay to SFD the difference between the sales price and 5.00 per barrel. In the event that SFD makes
more than 5.00 per barrel, SFD will pay WC Crude a profit-sharing payment in the amount equal to 10 of the excess price over 5.00 per
barrel, which amount will be multiplied by the number of barrels associated with the sale. The Supply Agreement expires on December 31,
2031. Since acquiring this contract on August 1, 2022 we have made crude oil purchases from WC Crude of 25,239,962. In addition,
SFD entered into a sales agreement on April 1, 2022 with WC Crude to sell a natural gas liquid product to WC Crude. SFD sells the NGL
stream at cost to WC Crude. We produced and sold natural gas liquids to WC Crude in the amount of 5,890,910 as of December 31, 2022. 

In the business combination
of acquiring SFD and WCCC we also entered into a Shared Services Agreement with Endeavor Crude, LLC Endeavor ), who shares
a beneficiary, James Ballengee, with Jorgan and JBAH. Under this agreement, we have the right, but not the obligation to use Endeavor
for consulting services. Since entering into this contract on August 1, 2022, we have paid Endeavor 37,993. 

In September 2020, we entered into a consulting
contract with LBL Professional Consulting, Inc. LBL ), of which our Chief Financial Officer is also an officer, which remains
in effect. For twelve months ended December 31, 2022, LBL invoiced the Company for 340,484. On December 17, 2020 the Company
granted non-statutory stock options to LBL to purchase 333,334 shares of common stock, which was cancelled on September 1, 2022 by
the parties. Our Chief Financial Officer is not the beneficiary of the Company and is not permitted to participate in any discussion,
including LBL s board meetings, regarding any Company stock that LBL may own at any time. 

We
have an existing note payable issued to Triple T, which is owned by Dr. Khalid Bin Jabor Al Thani, the 51 majority-owner of Vivakor
Middle East LLC The note is interest free, has no fixed maturity date and will be repaid from revenues generated by Vivakor Middle East
LLC. As of December 31, 2022 the balance owed was 342,830. 

On January 20, 2021, we entered into a worldwide,
exclusive license agreement with TBT Group, Inc. (of which an independent Vivakor Board member at the time was a 7 shareholder of TBT
Group, Inc.) to license piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies for creating self-powered sensors for making smart roadways.
We paid 25,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock upon signing and 225,000 as of April 5, 2022. When the licensor delivers
to us data showing that the sensor performs based on mutually defined specifications and all designs for the sensor are completed, we
shall pay an additional 250,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock. Upon the delivery of a mutually agreed working prototype,
we will pay licensor 250,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock. Upon commercialization of the product, we will pay licensor
 250,000 and 33,333 shares of restricted common stock. TBT shall have the option, at its sole discretion, to convert the license to a
non-exclusive license if we fail to pay 500,000 to TBT for sensor inventory per year, which will commence after the second anniversary
of product commercialization. We shall share in the development costs of the sensor technology to the time of commercialization. From
May 2021 through March 3, 2022, the parties amended the license agreement to extend the terms of the first milestone to March 4,
2022, of which we paid 15,000 as consideration for the extensions and 225,000 to be paid on March 4, 2022. 

Policy
on Future Related-Party Transactions 

All
future transactions between us and our officers, directors, principal stockholders and their affiliates will be approved by the audit
committee, or a similar committee consisting of entirely independent directors, according to the terms of our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics and our Related-Party Transaction Policies and Procedures. 

47 

Item 14
 - Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
aggregate fees billed for the two most recently completed fiscal periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for
professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm auditors for the audit of our annual consolidated
financial statements, quarterly reviews of our interim consolidated financial statements and services normally provided by independent
accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 383,535 
 172,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 158,108 
 56,288 
 
 Tax Fees 
 33,149 
 10,500 
 
 Total 
 574,792 
 238,788 

In
the above table, Audit Fees are fees billed by our company s external auditor for services provided in auditing our company s
annual financial statements for the subject year. Tax fees are fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance,
tax advice and tax planning. The audit fees include review of our interim financial statements and year-end audit. 

48 

PART
IV 

Item 15
 - Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

a) 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Our
financial statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included herein on page F-2. 

b) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto on page F-1. 

c) 
 Exhibits: 

49 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or 
Furnished 
 
 Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Herewith 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/10/22 
 
 1.1 

2.1 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of June 15, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Jorgan Development, LLC and JBAH Holdings LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 2.1 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/10/20 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/10/20 
 
 3.2 

3.3 
 
 Amendments
 to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/10/20 
 
 3.3 

3.4 
 
 Form
 of Certificate of Change 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/4/22 
 
 3.4 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

Filed 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Representative Warrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/10/22 
 
 4.1 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Promissory Note (2013) 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 4.2 

4.4 
 
 Payroll
 Protection Program Loan, with Chase Bank 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 4.4 

4.5 
 
 Payroll
 Protection Program Loan, with Blue Ridge Bank 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 4.5 

4.6 
 
 Small
 Business Association Loan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 4.6 

4.7 
 
 Form of Secured Promissory Note of Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 4.1 

4.8 
 
 Form of Note Amendment, dated October 28, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/3/22 
 
 4.2 

10.1 
 
 Amended
 Contribution Agreement between Sustainable Fuels Incorporated and Vivakor, Inc. dated as of June 15, 2016 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/10/20 
 
 10.1 

10.2 
 
 Intellectual
 Property License Agreement by and between BGreen, LLC and Vivakor, Inc. dated as of September 30, 2020 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/10/20 
 
 10.4 

10.3 
 
 Patent
 and Intellectual Property License Agreement by and between CSS Nanotech, Inc. and Vivakor, Inc. dated as of July 22, 2020 
 
 S-1 
 
 11/10/20 
 
 10.5 

10.4 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Vivakor, Inc. and Matthew Nicosia 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/14/22 
 
 10.1 

10.5 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Vivakor, Inc. and Tyler Nelson 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/14/22 
 
 10.2 

10.6 
 
 Vivakor,
 Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/9/22 
 
 10.8 

10.7 
 
 Intellectual
 Property Agreement by and between VivaVentures Precious Metals, LLC and Vivakor, Inc. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.15 

10.8 
 
 Form
 of Operating Agreement VV UTSI 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.16 

10.9 
 
 Restated
 Working Interest Agreement by and between VivaVentures Energy Group, Inc. and VivaVentures UTSI, LLC 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 10.17 

10.10 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Amended and Restated Working Interest Agreement by and between VivaVentures Energy Group, Inc. and VivaVentures UTSI, LLC 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 10.18 

10.11 
 
 Operating
 Agreement VV RII 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 10.19 

10.12 
 
 Restated
 Working Interest Agreement by and between VivaVentures Energy Group, Inc. and VivaVentures Royalty II 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 10.20 

10.13 
 
 Articles
 of Association of Vivakor Company 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 10.21 

10.14 
 
 Form
 of LLC Agreement of IMX 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.22 

10.15 
 
 Form
 of LLC Agreement of RPC Design 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.23 

10.16 
 
 Form
 of LLC Agreement of Viva Wealth 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.24 

10.17 
 
 Form
 of LLC Agreement of VOF 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.25 

10.18 
 
 Agreement
 Regarding Assets, entered into as of December 3, 2018 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 10.26 

10.19 
 
 Amendment
 to Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 2/12/21 
 
 10.27 

10.20 
 
 Amendment
 No. 3 to Novus Loan Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.30 

10.21 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Novus Loan Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/15/2022 
 
 10.21 

10.22 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Novus Loan Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/15/2022 
 
 10.22 

10.23 
 
 Master
 Revolving Note made in favor of Triple T 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4/12/21 
 
 10.29 

10.24 
 
 Sensor
 Technology License Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 7/2/21 
 
 10.32 

10.25 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Sensor Technology License Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 7/2/21 
 
 10.33 

50 

10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Sensor Technology License Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/15/22 
 
 10.26 

10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Sensor Technology License Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/15/22 
 
 10.27 

10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Sensor Technology License Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/15/22 
 
 10.28 

10.29 
 
 Services
 Agreement, entered into on December 14, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/20/21 
 
 10.1 

10.30 
 
 Land
 Lease Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/15/22 
 
 10.1 

10.31 
 
 Product Off-Take Agreement, by and between Vivaventures Energy Group, Inc., and Hot Oil Transport, LLC, dated April 26, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/2/22 
 
 10.1 

10.32 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, by and between Vivakor, Inc. and Matthew Nicosia 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/14/22 
 
 10.1 

10.33 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, by and between Vivakor, Inc. and Tyler Nelson 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/14/22 
 
 10.2 

10.34 
 
 Form of Shared Services Agreement among Endeavor Crude, LLC, Silver Fuels Delhi LLC and White Claw Colorado City, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.1 

10.35 
 
 Form of Pledge Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.2 

10.36 
 
 Form of Master Netting Agreement among Registrant, Silver Fuels Delhi LLC, White Claw Colorado City, LLC, Jorgan Development, LLC, JBAH Holdings, LLC, Endeavor Crude, LC and White Claw Crude, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.3 

10.37 
 
 Form of Guaranty Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.4 

10.38 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.5 

10.39 
 
 Form of Assignment of Membership Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.6 

10.40 
 
 Form of Release Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.7 

10.41 
 
 Oil Storage Agreement dated January 1, 2021 by and between White Claw Colorado City, LLC and White Claw Crude, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.8 

10.42 
 
 Crude Petroleum Supply Agreement dated January 1, 2021 by and between White Claw Crude, LLC and Silver Fuels Delhi LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.9 

Form of first Amendment to Crude Petroleum Supply agreement dated January 1, 2021 by and between White Claw Crude, LLLC and Silver Fuels Delhi LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/22/22 
 
 10.10 

10.43 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, by and between Vivakor, Inc. and James Ballengee, dated October 28, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/3/22 
 
 10.1 

10.44 
 
 Land Lease 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/21/22 
 
 10.1 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Filed 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

Filed 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

These
 exhibits are being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with
 Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

51 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Vivakor,
 Inc. 

Date:
 May 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James Ballengee 

James
 Ballengee 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 James Ballengee 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 May 24,
 2023 
 
 James
 Ballengee 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Tyler Nelson 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 May
24,
 2023 
 
 Tyler
 Nelson 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 David Natan 
 
 Director 
 
 May
24,
 2023 
 
 David
 Natan 

/s/
 John Harris 
 
 Director 
 
 May
24,
 2023 
 
 John
 Harris 

/s/
 Albert Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 May
24,
 2023 
 
 Albert
 Johnson 

52 

VIVAKOR,
INC. 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 
 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 324 
 
 F-3 
 
 Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Audited Statement of Consolidated Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Audited Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Vivakor, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Vivakor, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in
stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

May 24, 2023 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Vivakor,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Vivakor, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity s consolidated
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Macias
Gini O Connell LLP 

 Irvine,
CA 92618 

We have
served as the Company s auditor since 2021, which ended in 2022 

 April 15, 2022 

F- 3 

VIVAKOR, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents attributed to variable interest entity 

Accounts receivable, less allowances of and , respectively 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Marketable securities 

Inventories 

Precious metal concentrate 
 - 

Other assets 

Total current assets 

Other investments 

Notes receivable, less allowances of and 
 - 

Property and equipment, net 

Rights of use assets- operating leases 

License agreements, net 

Intellectual property, net 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Finance lease liabilities, current 
 
 - 
 
 Loans and notes payable, current 

Loans and notes payable, current attributed to variable interest entity 

Long-term debt (working interest royalty programs), current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, long term 

Finance lease liabilities, long term 
 
 - 
 
 Loans and notes payable, long term 

Long-term debt (working interest royalty programs) 

Deferred income tax liabilities 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; (1) 

Series
 A- and 
 issued and outstanding, respectively (1) 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and were issued and outstanding as December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Vivakor, Inc. stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

(1) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

VIVAKOR, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Product revenue - third parties 

Product revenue - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Bad debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain on disposition of asset 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Benefit for income taxes 

Consolidated net loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Vivakor, Inc. 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Dividend on preferred stock 
 - 

Basic and diluted net loss per share (1) 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding (1) 

(1) 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

VIVAKOR,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series
 A 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated
 
 Non-controlling
 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 December
 31, 2020 (1) 

Common
 Stock issued for services (1) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 Stock issued for a reduction of liabilities (1) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 Stock issued for the purchase of a license (1) 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of temporary equity Series B, B-1, and C-1 Preferred Stock to Common Stock (1) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Distributions
 to noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of noncontrolling interest for a reduction of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividend
 paid in Series B-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December
 31, 2021 (1) 

Common
 Stock issued for stock awards 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Common
 Stock issued for a reduction of liabilities 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series A Preferred Stock to Common Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 Stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for fractional shares from reverse stock split 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common
 stock issued as part consideration for the purchase of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC and White Claw Colorado City, LLC 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 options issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Distributions
 by noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of noncontrolling interest for a reduction of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December
 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

(1) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements 

F- 6 

VIVAKOR, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Consolidated net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of notes payable 

Common stock options issued for services 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss- marketable
 securities 

Gain on disposal of asset 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Right of use assets- finance leases 

Right of use assets- operating leases 

Operating lease liabilities 

Financing lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Interest on notes receivable 

Interest on notes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from notes receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Payment on costs of patents 
 - 

Acquisition of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of a technology license 
 - 

Proceeds from disposal of equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payment of long-term debt 
 - 

Proceeds from loans and notes payable 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of notes payable 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASHFLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Noncash transactions : 

Conversion of Series A, B, B-1, and C-1 Preferred Stock to Common Stock 

Common stock issued for a reduction in liabilities 

Conversion of note receivable to equity investment 
 - 

Noncontrolling interest issued for a reduction in liabilities 

Preferred stock Series C-1 issued for a reduction in liabilities 
 - 

Common stock issued for the purchase of a license 
 - 

Capitalized interest on construction in process 
 - 

Dividend paid in Series B-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 

Common stock and note payable issued
 in the acquisition of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC and White Claw Colorado City, LLC 
 
 - 
 
 Sale of marketable securities for note receivable 
 - 

Accounts payable on purchase of equipment 

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements 

F- 7 

VIVAKOR,
INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of our outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split via the
filing of a certificate of change with the Nevada Secretary of State which was effective at the commencement of trading of our
Common Stock. No fractional shares of the Company s common stock were issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split.
Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split will be rounded up to the nearest whole share. All issued and
outstanding common stock, preferred stock, and per share amounts in the consolidated financial statements and footnotes included
herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split for all periods presented. 

COVID-19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a global pandemic. In addition
to the devastating effects on human life, the pandemic is having a negative ripple effect on the global economy, leading to disruptions
and volatility in the global financial markets. Most U.S. states and many countries have issued policies intended to stop or slow the
further spread of the disease. 

COVID-19
and the U.S. response to the pandemic are significantly affecting the economy. There are no comparable events that provide guidance as
to the effect the COVID-19 pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate effect of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to
change. We do not yet know the full extent of the effects on the economy, the markets we serve, our business, or our operations. In March 2020
we temporarily suspended operations in Kuwait and Utah due to COVID-19 government restrictions. Utah and Kuwait have since resumed site
preparations for operations. We have experienced supply chain disruptions in building our Remediation Processing Centers RPC and completing certain refurbishment on our precious metal extraction machines. These suspensions have had a negative impact on our business
and there can be no guaranty that we will not need to suspend operations again in the future as a result of the pandemic. 

million and 
 million, respectively. As of December 31,
2022 we had cash of 3.1 million. In addition, we have obligations to
pay approximately 17,500,000 (of which approximately 16,500,000 can be satisfied through the issuance of our common stock under the
terms of the debt and 334,000 is related to PPP loans that are anticipated to be forgiven) of debt in cash within one year of the issuance
of these financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In
February 2022, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 
 shares of common stock, at a public offering
price of 5.00 per share, for aggregate net proceeds of 
 million, after deducting underwriting discounts,
commissions, and other offering expenses. Prior to the offering, we financed our operations primarily through debt financing, private
equity offerings, and our working interest agreements. We believe the liquid assets from the Company s available for sale investments
and funding provided from subsequent fundraising activities (see Note 24) of the Company will give it adequate working capital to finance
our day-to-day operations for at least twelve months through May 2024. Our CEO has also committed to provide credit support
through June 2024, as necessary, for an amount up to 8 million to provide the Company sufficient cash resources, if required, to execute
its plans for the next twelve months. Based on the above, we believe these plans alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has prepared the consolidated financial
statements on a going concern basis. If the Company encounters unforeseen circumstances that place constraints on its capital resources,
management will be required to take various measures to conserve liquidity. Management cannot provide any assurance that the Company
will raise additional capital if needed. 

and (where the primary asset represents
a receivable from the Company), and liabilities of and . Vivaventures Royalty II, LLC held assets of and 
(where the primary asset represents a receivable from the Company), and liabilities of and . Vivaopportunity Fund LLC held
assets of and (where the primary asset represents a noncontrolling interest in units of a consolidated entity of
the Company) and and liabilities. International Metals Exchange, LLC held assets of and and liabilities of
 and . 

RPC
Design and Manufacturing, LLC: The Company established RPC Design and Manufacturing, LLC RDM in December 2018
with a business purpose of manufacturing custom machinery and selling or leasing the manufactured equipment in long term contracts with
financing or leasing activities to the Company. We own 100 of the voting rights in RDM. We, as the sole general partner of RDM, have
the full, exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, manage and control the affairs of RDM and take certain actions
necessary to maintain RDM in good standing without the consent of the limited partners. RDM has entered into a license agreement with
the Company indicating that while RDM builds custom machinery incorporating the Company s hydrocarbon extraction technology, RDM
will pay the Company a license fee of 500,000 per Remediation Processing Center manufactured. RDM has been retained by VWFI to assist
in being the plant manager and will manage and direct the manufacturing of the RPCs. RDM s license fee is waived for RPC manufacturing
for VWFI. Creditors of RDM have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
investors in RDM have a noncontrolling interest of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cash
and cash equivalents of this VIE are not restricted and can be used to settle the obligations of the reporting entity. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021 this VIE has an outstanding note payable to the reporting entity in the amount of and , which is eliminated
upon consolidation. We have the primary risk (expense) exposure in financing and operating the assets and are responsible for 100 of
the operation, maintenance and any unfunded capital expenditures, which ultimately could be 100 of a custom machine, and the decisions
related to those expenditures including budgeting, financing and dispatch of power. Based on all these facts, it was determined that
we are the primary beneficiary of RDM. Therefore, RDM has been consolidated by the Company. Any intercompany revenue and expense associated
with RDM and its license agreement with the Company has been eliminated in consolidation. 

Viva
Wealth Fund I, LLC: The Company assisted in designing and organizing Viva Wealth Fund I, LLC VWFI in
November 2020, as a special purpose entity, for the purpose of manufacturing, leasing and selling custom equipment solely to
the Company. Wealth Space, LLC, an unaffiliated entity, is the sole manager. The Company has been retained by the manager, who may
assist in the administrative operations. VWFI has also retained the Company to act as its sole plant manager, and we will manage and
direct all of the manufacturing, leasing and selling of custom equipment in behalf of VWFI to the Company. In November 2020,
VWFI commenced a 25,000,000 private placement offering to sell convertible promissory notes, which convert to VWFI LLC units, to
accredited investors to raise funds to manufacture equipment that will expand the Company s second RPC, amended to manufacture
one separate double capacity RPC. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cash and cash equivalents of this VIE are restricted
solely for the use of proceeds of the VWFI offering (to manufacture RPCs) and cannot be used to settle the obligations of the
reporting entity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has cash attributed to variable interest entities of 
and .
As of December 31, 2022, VWFI has reached 6,250,000 in funding and has released the funding for construction of RPC Series A.
VWFI has continued fundraising for RPC Series B. In the event that VWFI does not raise at least 8,250,000 for Series B by the
offering termination date (which date was extended until March 31, 2023), then the convertible notes and/or units
would convert into Vivakor common stock where the minimum conversion price will be the greater of 13.50 or a 10 discount to market
per share or in the event of a public offering, 200 of the per share price of the Company common stock sold in the underwritten
offering, which was closed on February 14, 2022 at 5.00 per share. As of March 27, 2023, VWFI has raised approximately
 7,480,000 for RPC Series B. VWFI unit holders may also sell their units to the Company for their principal investment amount on the
3 rd , 4 th , and 5 th anniversary of the offering termination date. The Company also has the option to
purchase any LLC units where the members did not exercise their conversion option under the same terms and pricing for cash or
common stock. VWFI has entered into a license agreement with the Company indicating that VWFI will pay the Company a license fee of
 1,000,000 per series of equipment manufactured with the Company s proprietary technology. All of the operations of VWFI
relate to private placement offering to fund and manufacture proprietary equipment for the Company, as intended in VWFI s
design and organization by the Company, so that the Company controls VWFI in its business purpose, use of proceeds, and selling and
leasing of its equipment solely to the Company. Creditors of VWFI have no recourse to the general credit of the Company. We have the
primary risk (expense) exposure in financing and operating the assets and are responsible for 100 of the operation, and any
unfunded capital expenditures, and the expense to the unit holders in conversion to common stock if series of equipment cannot be
fully funded, which ultimately could be 100 of any custom machine. We are responsible for the decisions related to the expenditures
of VWFI proceeds including budgeting, financing and dispatch of power surrounding the series of equipment. Based on all these facts,
it was determined that we are the primary beneficiary of VWFI. Therefore, VWFI has been consolidated by the Company. 

and . The Company has in Qatar
National Bank, located in Doha Qatar. 

. 

common shares have a market value of approximately as of April 18, 2023 based on the quoted
market price. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owns 1,000 Class A LLC Units in each of the following entities, which are not consolidated:
Vivaopportunity Fund LLC, Vivaventures UTSI, LLC, Vivaventures Royalty II, LLC, and International Metals Exchange, LLC. In aggregate
these units amount to as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These Class A Units give the Company s management control of
the entities but lack the necessary economics criterion, where the Company lacks the obligation to absorb losses of these entities, as
well as the right to receive benefits from the LLCs. 

and , operating lease obligations of and , and
finance lease obligations of and . 

The
carrying amount and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the accounts in the year of disposal and any
resulting gain or loss is included in results of operations. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment are as follows: 

- years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 - years 
 
 Vehicles 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 crude oil gathering, storage, and transportation facilities 
 years 
 
 Remediation Processing Centers (heavy extraction and remediation equipment) RPC 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Equipment
that is currently being manufactured is considered construction in process and is not depreciated until the equipment is placed into
service. 

to years. The carrying
amounts of our definite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the entity may be unable to recover the asset s carrying amount. 

We
assess our intangible assets in accordance with ASC 360 Property, Plant, and Equipment ASC 360 ).
Impairment testing is required when events occur that indicate an asset group may not be recoverable triggering events ).
As detailed in ASC 360-10-35-21, the following are examples of such events or changes in circumstances (sometimes referred to as impairment
indicators or triggers): (a) A significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset (asset group) (b) A significant adverse
change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset (asset group) is being used or in its physical condition. (c) A significant
adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of a long-lived asset (asset group), including
an adverse action or assessment by a regulator (d) An accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected
for the acquisition or construction of a long-lived asset (asset group) (e) A current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with
a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of
a long-lived asset (asset group) (f) A current expectation that, more likely than not, a long-lived asset (asset group) will be sold
or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. The term more likely than not refers to
a level of likelihood that is more than 50 percent. We have evaluated our intangible assets and found that certain losses and a delay
in our business plan may have constituted a triggering event for our intangible assets. We performed an analysis and assessed an impairment
loss in the following areas: Currently the operations at the Company s Vernal plant are limited due to recent, temporary supply
and personnel limitations. The Company is not currently producing product toward our off-take agreement due to these recent developments.
Ancillary to our Vernal, Utah operations, the Company has an exclusive license agreement with TBT Group, Inc., under which we are exploring
the possibilities of embedding self-powered sensors directly into the asphaltic cement we may generate from the Vernal, Utah RPC utilizing
TBT Group s piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we realized an impairment
loss of on this license agreement with TBT Group due to the current disruptions at the Vernal, Utah facility. As of December 31,
2022 we continued to pursue a test facility or third party reactor for our nano catalyst technology that facilitates chemical manufacturing,
with a focus on the production of ammonia . The Company received recent quotes for testing
or building our own test facilities with new partners for this venture. After taking into consideration this new information, we noted
that the newly requested capital expenditure to test and scale the business triggered an impairment loss of assets related to our ammonia
synthesis assets (including it s patents) of 3,254,999. 

The
Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter each year, and more frequently if facts and circumstances
indicate such assets may be impaired, including significant declines in actual or future projected cash flows and significant deterioration
of market conditions. 

The
Company s goodwill impairment assessment includes a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that
the fair value of the goodwill is below its carrying value, each year, and more often if there are significant changes in business conditions
that could result in impairment. When a quantitative analysis is considered necessary for the annual impairment analysis of goodwill,
the Company develops an estimated fair value for the reporting unit considering three different approaches: 1) market value, using the
Company s stock price plus outstanding debt; 2) discounted cash flow analysis; and 3) multiple of earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization based upon relevant industry data. 

The
estimated fair value of the reporting unit is then compared to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds
the carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired. If the carrying amount, including goodwill, exceeds its estimated fair value,
any excess of the carrying value of goodwill of the reporting unit over its fair value is recorded as an impairment. goodwill impairment
loss was incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ARO obligation
is recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

in crude oil sales and in product related to natural gas liquids sales. 

We recognize revenue when we transfer promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
After completion of our performance obligation, we have an unconditional right to consideration as outlined in our contracts. Due to
the nature of our product we do not accept returns. Our receivables will generally be collected in less than three months, in accordance
with the underlying payment terms. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately 99 of our sales consisted of the sale of precious metals with a commitment to deliver
precious metals to the customer, and revenue is recognized on the settlement date, which is defined as the date on which: (1) the quantity,
price, and specific items being purchased have been established, (2) metals have been shipped to the customer, and (3) payment has been
received or is covered by the customer s established credit limit with the Company. 

In
order to ensure the revenue recognition in the proper period, we review material sales contracts for proper cut-off based upon the business
practices and legal requirements of each country. 

. 

of the balance of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022
and of the Company s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company operates in the crude oil
industry. The industry concentration has the potential to impact the Company s overall exposure to credit risk in that its customer
may be similarly affected by changes in economic, industry or other conditions. There is risk that the Company would not be able to identify
and access replacement markets at comparable margins. 

and 
shares of common stock, stock options granted to employees of and shares of common stock, stock options granted to
Board members or consultants of and shares of common stock. The Company also has a warrant outstanding to purchase 
shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

of
the Company s common stock and secured three-year promissory notes made by the Company in favor of the Sellers in an aggregate
amount of . 

For
the acquisition of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC and White Claw Colorado City, LLC, the following table summarizes the acquisition date fair
value of consideration paid, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Note payable to seller 

Fair value of total consideration paid 

Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Assets acquired in business combination 

Current assets 

Finance lease right-of-use assets (property, plant and equipment) 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Contract-based intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed in business combination 

Current liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Total liabilities acquired 

Total net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

The
value of goodwill represents SFD and WCCC s ability to generate profitable operations going forward. Management engaged a valuation expert who performed a valuation
study to calculate the fair value of the acquired assets and goodwill. The acquired contracts are amortized over their 9 year,
5 month life of the contracts. 

Business
combination related costs were expensed as incurred and consisted of various advisory, legal, accounting, valuation and other professional
fees of 174,592 for the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs are included in general and administrative expense in our
consolidated statement of operations. 

Since
the date of acquisition on August 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 of sales in aggregate is attributed to SFD
and WCCC. The unaudited financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of the Company, SFD, and
WCCC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, on a pro forma basis, as though the companies had been combined as of January 1,
2021. The pro forma earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were adjusted to include intangible amortization expense
of contracts acquired of , respectively. The pro forma earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were adjusted
to include interest expense on notes payable that were issued as consideration of and , respectively. The 
of acquisition-related expenses were excluded from the year ended December 31, 2022, and included in the year ended December 31,
2021, as if the acquisition occurred at January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not purport to be indicative
of the Company s combined results of operations which would actually have been obtained had the acquisition taken place on January 1,
2021, nor should it be taken as indicative of future consolidated results of operations. 

Loss from operations 

Net loss (attributable to Vivakor, Inc.) 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

and was deemed necessary. Trade accounts receivable are zero interest bearing. Trade accounts receivable of 
are with a vendor of which our CEO is a beneficiary. 

and . Our other assets consist of various deposits with vendors, professional service agents, or security
deposits on office and warehouse leases, including operating lease deposits in the amount of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a deposit for a reclamation bond with the Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Mining in the amount
of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and finance lease deposits of as of December 31, 2022, which will be returned at the end of the finance
leases after we have complied with the terms of the lease (see Note 17). 

As of December 31, 2022, our prepaid expenses
of mainly consists of prepaid insurances. 

shares of common stock of Odyssey Group International, Inc. Odyssey ticker: ODYY,
OTC Markets in a private transaction for a purchase price of , with 10,000 cash delivered at signing and a note issued in favor
of Vivakor in the amount of 850,491 (see Note 10), reflecting the market price at that time. The Company recorded an unrealized gain
of on these marketable securities for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company owns shares of common stock of Scepter Holdings, Inc. Scepter ), ticker: BRZL, OTC Markets., for a
diluted 17 equity holding in the company. In August 2021 we converted of our note receivable with Scepter into 
shares of Scepter common stock pursuant to the terms of the note at 0.0031 per share. On the date of the conversion, the Scepter price
per share on OTC Markets was 0.0062 per share, which resulted in a gain on the disposition of the note receivable. The Company
accounted for such securities based on the quoted price from the OTC Markets where the stock is traded which resulted in the Company
recording an unrealized loss on marketable securities of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The Company s previous Chief Executive Officer, who resigned on October 6, 2022, had an immediate family member who sits on
the board of directors of Scepter Holdings, Inc. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our marketable securities were valued at 
and . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, marketable securities were and
 .
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a total net unrealized loss of 
and 
on marketable securities in the statement of operations. 

related to the Fenix Iron was realized.
As of December 31, 2021 inventories consist primarily of the Fenix Iron. The nano Fenix Iron are finished goods that have a 20-year
shelf life and were acquired at cost for . Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). 

against its precious metal concentrate asset based on estimates that the Company received if it were to sell the precious metal
concentrate in its current concentrated form to processing refineries. The Company intends to sell our precious metal concentrate in
its current state or refine it into dore bars for sale or monetization and investment purposes. As of December 31, 2021 the net
realizable value of our precious metal concentrate was .
The operations surrounding our precious metals were temporarily suspended until recently. Due to these suspended activities, and a shift in 2022 of the Company s focus to the oil and gas industry, we have
not been able to sell our precious metals in their concentrate form as anticipated, and have reserved the remaining 
surrounding our precious metal concentrate for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

TMC Capital,
 LLC (b) 
 - 

Total Notes Receivable 
 - 

(a) 

(b) 

Vehicles 

Equipment 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Property 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Finance
 lease- Right of use assets 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Precious
 metal extraction machine- 1 ton 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Precious
 metal extraction machine- 10 ton 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Construction
 in process: 

Bioreactors 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Wash
 Plant Facilities 
 
 - 

Nanosponge/Cavitation
 device 
 
 - 

- 

Remediation
 Processing Unit 1 
 
 - 

- 

Remediation
 Processing Unit 2 
 
 - 

- 

Remediation
 Processing Unit System A 
 
 - 

- 

Remediation
 Processing Unit System B 
 
 - 

- 

Total
 fixed assets 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company paid with shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock for equipment, which has
been valued based on similar cash purchases of the Series C-1 Preferred Stock at approximately 12.00 per share. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 depreciation expense was and . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 capitalized
interest to equipment from debt financing was and . Equipment that is currently being manufactured is considered construction
in process and is not depreciated until the equipment is placed into service. Equipment that is temporarily not in service is not depreciated
until placed into service. 

The operations surrounding our precious metals
extraction services were temporarily suspended until recently, although due to these suspended activities and a shift in 2022 of the Company s
focus to the oil and gas industry, we have realized an impairment loss of 6,269,998 surrounding the extraction machinery for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022 we continued to pursue
a test facility or third party reactor for our nano catalyst technology that facilitates chemical manufacturing, with a focus on the
production of ammonia, which includes our bioreactor equipment . The Company received recent
quotes for testing or building our own test facilities with new partners for this venture. After taking into consideration this new information,
we noted that the newly requested capital expenditure to test and scale the business triggered an impairment loss of assets related to
our ammonia synthesis assets, including our bioreactors. The impairment loss related to our bioreactors was 1,440,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

and is amortized over its useful life of years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the
accumulated amortization of the license was and . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amortization expense
of the license was . Amortization expense for the years 2023 through 2027 is in each respective year. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021 the net value of the license is and , respectively. 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company entered into a worldwide, exclusive license agreement with TBT Group, Inc. (of which an
independent Vivakor Board member is a 7 shareholder) to license piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies for creating
self-powered sensors for making smart roadways. The Company paid 25,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock upon signing.
On March 4, 2022, the Company paid licensor an additional 225,000. When the licensor delivers to the Company data
showing that the sensor performs based on mutually defined specifications and all designs for the sensor are completed, Company
shall pay an additional 250,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock. Upon the delivery of a mutually agreed working
prototype, Company will pay licensor 250,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock. Upon commercialization of the product,
the Company will pay licensor 250,000 and 33,333 shares of restricted common stock. TBT shall have the option, at its sole
discretion, to convert the license to a non-exclusive license if the Company fails to pay 500,000 to TBT for sensor inventory per
year, which will commence after the second anniversary of product commercialization. The Company shall share in the development
costs of the sensor technology to the time of commercialization.
The Company amended the agreement multiple times in 2021 to extend the terms of the first milestone payment of payment
to the licensor, and further amended the agreement in March 2022 to finally extend the payment to be no later than
March 4, 2022. The Company paid consideration of 15,000 for these amended extensions. Currently the operations at our Vernal
plant are limited due to recent, temporary supply and personnel limitations. We are not currently producing product toward the
off-take agreement due to these recent developments. Ancillary to our Vernal, Utah operations, is our exclusive license agreement
with TBT Group, Inc., For the year ended December 31, 2022 we realized an impairment loss of on
this license agreement due to the current disruptions at the Vernal, Utah facility. The Company is in the process of analyzing data
received for this product. 

Extraction Technology 

Acquired crude oil contracts 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ammonia synthesis patents 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Intellectual property 

The
changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

There is no goodwill
as of December 31, 2021. 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company closed a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, (the MIPA ), with Jorgan Development,
LLC, and JBAH Holdings, LLC, as the equity holders of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company SFD and White Claw Colorado City, LLC, a Texas limited liability company WCCC whereby, the Company acquired all of the issued
and outstanding membership interests in each of SFD and WCCC making SFD and WCCC wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. The purchase
price for the Membership Interests is approximately million, after post-closing adjustments. 

In
the business combination of acquiring WCCC we also acquired WCCC s Oil Storage Agreement with White Claw Crude, LLC WC
Crude ), of which our CEO is a beneficiary. Under this agreement, WC Crude has the right, subject to the payment of service and
maintenance fees, to store volumes of crude oil and other liquid hydrocarbons at a certain crude oil terminal operated by WCCC. WC Crude
is required to pay 150,000 per month even if the storage space is not used. The agreement expires on December 31, 2031. 

In the business combination
of acquiring SFD, we acquired an amended Crude Petroleum Supply Agreement with WC Crude (the Supply Agreement ), under which
WC Crude supplies volumes of Crude Petroleum to SFD, which provides for the delivery to SFD a minimum of 1,000 sourced barrels per day,
and includes a guarantee that when SFD resells these barrels, if SFD does not make at least a 5.00 per barrel margin on the oil purchased
from WC Crude, then WC Crude will pay to SFD the difference between the sales price and 5.00 per barrel. In the event that SFD makes
more than 5.00 per barrel, SFD will pay WC Crude a profit-sharing payment in the amount equal to 10 of the excess price over 5.00 per
barrel, which amount will be multiplied by the number of barrels associated with the sale. The Supply Agreement expires on December 31,
2031. 

Management
hired a valuation expert who performed a valuation study to calculate the fair value of the acquired assets, assumed liabilities and goodwill. Based on the valuation
study, the fair values of goodwill and the acquired contracts (described above) were and on August 1, 2022.
The acquired contracts are amortized over a 9 year, 5 month life. The amortization expense of the acquired contracts was from
the date of acquisition on August 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, and amortization expense for the years 2023 through 2027
is in each respective year. As of December 31, 2022 the net carrying value of the acquired contracts is . 

The
Company entered into a Contribution Agreement dated January 5, 2015, where proprietary information and intellectual property related
to certain petroleum extraction technology (also known as hydrocarbon extraction technology) suitable to extract petroleum (or hydrocarbons)
from tar sands and other sand-based ore bodies, and all related concepts and conceptualizations thereof (the Extraction Technology was contributed to VivaVentures Energy Group, Inc., a 99 majority-owned subsidiary of Vivakor, and was assessed a fair market value
of , which consists of the consideration of 11,800,000 and the Company assuming a deferred tax liability in the amount of
 4,585,157. All ownership in the Extraction Technology (including all future enhancements, improvements, modifications, supplements,
or additions to the Extraction Technology) was assigned to the Company and is currently being applied to the Company Remediation Processing
Centers, which are the units that remediate material. The Extraction Technology is amortized over a -year life. For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amortization expense of the technology was . Amortization expense
for the years 2023 through 2027 is in each respective year. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the net carrying value of the Extraction
Technology is and . 

In
2019, the Company began the process of patenting the Extraction Technology and all of its developments and additions since the acquisition,
and we have filed a series of patents and capitalized the costs of these patents. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the capitalized
costs of these patents are . The patents were placed in service in 2021 and are amortized over the patents useful life
of twenty years. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amortization expense of
the patents was and . Amortization expense for the years 2023 through 2027 is in each respective year. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the net carrying value of the patents is and . 

The
Company entered into an asset purchase agreement dated September 5, 2017, where two patents (US patent number 7282167- Method
and apparatus for forming nano-particles and US patent number 9272920- System and
method for ammonia synthesis were purchased and attributed a fair market value of ,
which consists of the consideration of 3,887,982 and the Company assuming a deferred tax liability in the amount of 1,043,398. The
patents grant the Company ownership of a nano catalyst technology that facilitates chemical manufacturing, with a focus on the
production of ammonia, specifically for the gas phase condensation process used to create the
iron catalyst. As of December 31, 2022 we continued to pursue a test facility or third party reactor for our nano
catalyst technology . The Company received recent quotes for testing or building our own
test facilities with new partners for this venture with estimates of cost being over 4 million. After taking into consideration
this new information, we noted that the newly requested capital expenditure to test and scale the business triggered a net
impairment loss to fully impair the patents, and the deferred tax liability related to the patents was reduced, yielding a net
impairment loss of 1,622,998. 

The
patents were being amortized over their useful life of years before the impairment was triggered. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 the amortization expense of the patents was . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the net carrying value of the patents
was and . 

Office access deposits 

Accrued compensation 

Unearned revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest (various notes and loans payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest (working interest royalty programs) 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued tax penalties and interest 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

As
of December 31, 2022, our accounts payable are primarily made up of trade
payable for the purchase of for crude oil . Trade accounts payables in the amount of 
is with a vendor who our CEO is a beneficiary of. 37,685 of accounts payable related to services rendered, which are not trade payables,
are with a vendor who our CEO is a beneficiary of. 43,934 of accounts payable related to services rendered, which are not trade payables,
are with a vendor where our Chief Financial Officer sits on the board of the directors and is an officer. 

As
of December 31, 2021 the Company accrued for a milestone payment to be paid to TBT
Group, Inc. (of which an independent Vivakor Board member is a 7 shareholder) related to our worldwide, exclusive license agreement
for the license of piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies for creating self-powered sensors for making smart roadways. This
milestone payment was paid in March 2022. 

In March 2023, the Compensation Committee reviewed the Company s
2022 results, including, but not limited to, the progress of the Company s historic business and certain acquisitions completed
by the Company, and approved discretionary bonuses, which have been accrued as of December 31, 2022, for the Chief Financial Officer,
and an acquisition consultant, in the amounts of (included in accrued compensation) and (included in accounts payable),
respectively. 

payable in common stock to Sustainable Fuels, Inc. SFI for the Extraction Technology (See Note 13). Before the
Common Stock was issued, the owner of SFI died and the matters and affairs of his estate were passed to the executor of his estate.
We attempted to contact SFI and the executor of the estate multiple times to issue and send the common stock to the company or
appropriate successor of the estate to no avail. In 2021, the Company was able to make contact with the new owner of SFI and we issued 
shares of Common Stock to SFI per the terms of the agreement. 

Novus Capital Group LLC Note (b) 

Triple T Notes (c) 

National Buick GMC (d) 

Various Convertible Bridge Notes (e) 
 - 

Blue Ridge Bank (f) 

Small Business Administration (g) 

JP Morgan Chase Bank (h) 
 - 

Jorgan Development, LLC (i) 
 
 - 
 
 Various variable
 interest promissory notes (j) 

Total Notes Payable 

Loans and notes payable, current 

Loans and notes payable, current attributed to variable interest entity 

Loans and notes payable, long term 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

Throughout
2021 and 2020 the Company entered into convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal of . The notes accrue interest
at per annum and have a maturity of the earlier of 12 months or the consummation of the Company listing its Common Stock on a senior
stock exchange. The notes are convertible at the Company s option into shares of the Company s common stock at a price equal
to 80 of the opening price of the Company s common stock on the national exchange or the offering price paid by the investors
in the financing in connection with the uplist, whichever is lower, or (ii) repaid in cash in an amount equal to the indebtedness being
repaid plus a premium payment equal to 15 of the amount being repaid. If an event of default has occurred and the Company does not convert
the amounts due under the Note into the Company s common stock, then the Company will have the option to convert the outstanding
indebtedness into shares of the Company s common stock at a price equal to 80 of the weighted average trading price of the Company s
common stock, or be repaid in cash in an amount equal to all principal and interest due under the Note. All of these
notes were converted to common stock as of April 5, 2022. 

On
October 13, 2020, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note in an amount of 280,500 having an interest rate of 12 
per annum. The note bears a 10 Original Issue Discount. The loan shall mature in 1 year and may be convertible at the lower of 12.00
or 80 of the lowest median daily traded price over ten trading days prior to conversion, but in the event of a Qualified Uplist the
note may be converted at a 30 discount to market. The Company also issued 3,333 restricted shares with no registration rights in conjunction
with this note, which was recorded as a debt discount
in the amount of 44,000, which is amortized to interest expense over the term of the agreements using the effective interest method.
On March 28, 2021 the parties amended this agreement to state that in no event shall the conversion price be lower than 3.00 per
share. In October 2021 the parties agreed to extend the maturity of this loan to April 13, 2022 in exchange for an increase
in principal owed of 30,000. This note was converted to common stock as of April 13, 2022. 

On
February 4, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note in an amount of 277,778 having an interest rate of 12 
per annum. The note bears a 10 Original Issue Discount. The loan shall mature in 1 year and may be convertible at the lower of 12.00
or 80 of the lowest median daily traded price over ten trading days prior to conversion, but in the event of a Qualified Uplist the
note may be converted at a 30 discount to market. The Company also issued 3,333 restricted shares with no registration rights in conjunction
with this note, which was recorded as a debt discount
in the amount of 36,000, which is amortized to interest expense over the term of the agreements using the effective interest method.
On March 28, 2021 the parties amended this agreement to state that in no event shall the conversion price be lower than 3.00 per
share. In February 2022 the parties agreed to extend the maturity of this loan to August 8, 2022 in exchange for an increase
in principal owed of 25,000. This note was converted to common stock as of April 13, 2022. 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) 

(i) 

(j) 

and subsequently entering into an agreement to lease the assets back from Maxus for 60 monthly payments of .
At the end of the lease term there is an option purchase the assets back from Maxus at a purchase price of .
The second transaction involved the Company assigning the remaining property at the oil gathering facility with the exception of land, to Maxus for consideration of 
and subsequently entering into an agreement to lease the assets back from Maxus for 60 monthly payments of .
At the end of the lease term, there is an option to purchase the assets back from Maxus at a purchase price of .
The land, contains the oil gathering facility, is being used as collateral by the lessor
for both lease obligations. 

We
are required to make minimum cash reserve payments of at least and for the first and second lease, respectively)
each month in addition to the base lease payments. The cash reserve payments are to be used in the event of a default. At the end of
the term, Maxus will return the balance of any cash reserve payments. As of December 31, 2022, the balances of the cash reserves
for these leases were (see Note 6). As these leases grant the lessee an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably
certain to be exercised, the leases are accounted for as finance leases. We have recorded right of use assets in our property, plant,
and equipment, and depreciated them on a straight-line basis. We have also recorded a finance lease liability due to Maxus. According to ASC 842, the Company has measured the lease liability and at the present value of the remaining lease payments, as if the lease were acquired on acquisition date of August 1, 2022. This measurement as
 imputed interest rate of for the first and second lease obligations, which results in the carrying value of the financial
liabilities equating the estimated book value of the leased assets at the end of the lease terms and the dates at which the Company may
exercise its buy-back options. Future minimum lease payments for each of the next three years under the Maxus lease obligations is as
follows: 2023 , 2024 , and 2025 . 

On
December 28, 2021, the WCCC entered into a sale and leaseback transaction with Maxus, where WCCC assigned the crude oil, natural
gas liquids, condensate, and liquid hydrocarbon receipt, throughput, processing, gathering, and delivery terminal, commonly known as
the China Grove Station (the China Grove Station ), located in Colorado City, Texas to Maxus for consideration of approximately 
and entered into a lease agreement to lease the China Grove Station back from Maxus for 60 monthly payments of . At the end of
the lease term, the Company has an option to purchase the China Grove Station back from Maxus at 35 of the original cost, or .
The Company has pledged 100 of its interests in accounts receivable as collateral for the lease obligation. The Company is required
to make minimum cash reserve payments of at least each month in addition to the base lease payments until Maxus has received
 . The cash reserve payments are to be used in the event of default. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the cash reserves
for these leases were . As these leases grant the lessee an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably
certain to be exercised, the leases are accounted for as finance leases. We have recorded right of use assets in our property, plant,
and equipment, and depreciated them on a straight-line basis. We have also recorded a finance lease liability due to Maxus. According to ASC 842, the Company has measured the lease liability and at the present value of the remaining lease payments, as if the lease were acquired on acquisition date of August 1, 2022. This measurement as yielded an imputed interest rate of for the lease obligation, which results in the carrying value of the financial liability equating
the estimated book value of the China Grove Station at the end of the lease term and the date at which the Company may exercise its buy-back
option. Future minimum lease payments for each of the next four years under the Maxus lease obligation are as follows:
2023 , 2024 , 2025 , and 2026 . 

The
following table reconciles the undiscounted cash flows for the finance leases as of December 31, 2022 to the finance lease liability
recorded on the balance sheet: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease payments 

Add: carrying value of lease obligation at end of lease term 

Total finance lease obligations 

Finance lease liabilities, current 

Finance lease liabilities, long-term 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (months) 

The
discount rate is the Company s incremental borrowing rate, or the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow
on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Based on an assessment
of the Company s borrowings at the time the finance leases were entered into, the incremental borrowing rate was determined to
be 18.00 . 

Operating
Leases 

Commencing
on September 15, 2019, the Company entered into a five-year lease with Jamboree Center 1 2 LLC covering approximately 6,961
square feet of office space in Irvine, CA. Under the terms of the lease agreement, we are required to make the following monthly lease
payments: Year 1 , Year 2 , Year 3 , Year 4 , Year 5 . As a condition of the lease, we were required
to provide a security deposit. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately 2,533 square feet of office and manufacturing space
located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Commencing on March 1, 2022, the Company entered into a three-year lease with Speedway Commerce Center,
LLC. Under the terms of the lease agreement, we are required to make the following monthly lease payments: Year 1 , Year 2 ,
Year 3 . As a condition of the lease, we were required to provide a security deposit. 

On
March 28, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately 1,469 square feet of office space located in Lehi,
Utah. Commencing on April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a three-year lease with Victory Holdings, LLC. Under the terms of the
lease agreement, we are required to make the following monthly lease payments: Year 1 is comprised of April to May 2022 , June 2022
to March 2023 , Year 2 , Year 3 . As a condition of the lease, we were required to provide a security deposit. 

On
April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately 2,000 square feet of office and warehouse space located
in Houston, Texas. Commencing on April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a month-to-month lease with JVS Holdings, Inc. The lease
may be terminated at any time or for any reason with a 30-day written notice to terminate. The lease requires a monthly lease payment
of as long as the Company remains in the space. 

On
December 16, 2022, our subsidiary, VivaVentures Remediation Corp. entered into a Land Lease Agreement (the Land Lease with W P Development Corporation, under which we agreed to lease approximately 3.5 acres of land in Houston, Texas. The Land Lease is for an initial term of 126 months
and may be extended for an additional 120 months at our discretion. Our monthly rent is 0 for the first three months and then at month
4 it is approximately 7,000 (based on a 50 reduction) and increases to approximately 13,000 in month 7 and then increases annually
up to approximately 16,000 per month by the end of the initial term. We plan to place one or more of our RPC machines on the property,
as well as store certain equipment. 

The
right-of-use asset for operating leases as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . Rent expense for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . 

The
following table reconciles the undiscounted cash flows for the leases as of December 31, 2022 to the operating lease liability recorded
on the balance sheet: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease payments 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, long-term 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 

Weighted-average discount rate 

The
discount rate is the Company s incremental borrowing rate, or the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow
on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. Based on an assessment
of the Company s borrowings at the time the operating leases were entered into, the incremental borrowing rate was determined to
be 9.93 . 

Employment
Agreements 

On
September 30, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company received notice from Matthew Nicosia, the Company s former
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of his resignation from such positions. Such resignations are not the
result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices and the
resignation is considered to be without good reason. On October 28, 2022 we entered into an executive employment agreement with
a new Chief Executive Officer, James Ballengee, which provides for annual compensation of 1,000,000 payable in shares of our common
stock issued in four equal quarterly installments, priced at the volume weighted average price (VWAP) for the five trading days
preceding the date of the Employment Agreement and each anniversary thereof (the CEO Compensation ). For the first
twelve months of Mr. Ballengee s employment, we will issue him a total of 923,672 shares of our common stock, issuable 230,918
per quarter. The CEO Compensation shall be subject to satisfaction of Nasdaq rules, the provisions of the Company s equity
incentive plan and other applicable requirements and shall be accrued if such issuance is due prior to satisfaction of such
requirements. Additionally, Mr. Ballengee shall be eligible for a discretionary performance bonus. The Employment Agreement may be
terminated by either party for any or no reason, by providing a five days notice of termination. In June 2022, the
Company entered into employment agreements with its previous Chief Executive Officer and its current Chief Financial Officer, which
provided for annual base salaries of 375,000 and 350,000, respectively, and provided for incremental increases in their salaries
upon the Company s achievement of specific performance metrics. The Company is currently accruing substantial portions of
executive base salaries (see Note 14). The employment agreements provided for the grant of stock options to the previous Chief
Executive Officer and the current Chief Financial Officer to purchase up to 955,093 and 917,825 shares of the Company s common
stock, respectively, at an exercise price equal to 110 and 100 of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the
date of grant. The previous Chief Executive Officer vested in 
of these stock options before his resignation without good reason with the remainder of his stock options cancelled. The total stock
options for the former Chief Executive Officer vest over two years of continuous employment, subject to acceleration if terminated
without cause or resignations for good reason. The Chief Financial Officer s agreement also provides that it is anticipated
that the executive will receive bonuses for 2022 which will be determined by the Company s Compensation Committee and Board of
Directors after taking into account the general business performance of the Company, including any completed financings and/or
acquisitions. 

in the second quarter of 2021. The RPCs are estimated to enter
scaled up operations in 2023 and make estimated payments. The Company estimates future payments based on revenue projections for the
RPCs. Due to delays and limitations in achieving scaled up operations (see Note 3 Long Lived Assets the effective interest rate
of these agreements range from approximately 11 to 31 and 33 to 34 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In
accordance with ASC 470, the Company records the proceeds from these contracts as debt because the
Company has significant continuing involvement in the generation of the cash flows due to the investor (for example, active involvement
in the generation of the operating revenues of the business segment), which constitutes the presence of a factor that independently creates
a rebuttable presumption that debt classification is appropriate. The Company has determined its effective interest rates to be between
approximately 11 and 34 based on each contract s future revenue streams expected to be paid to the investor as of December 31,
2022. These rates represent the discount rate that equates estimated cash flows with the initial proceeds received from the investor
and is used to compute the amount of interest expense to be recognized each period. During the development and manufacturing of the assets
the effective interest has been capitalized to the assets. As the assets enter operations or service of their intended use, the effective
interest on these contracts will be recognized as interest expense (see Note 11). 

In
2016 and 2017, additional consideration to investors to enter into these agreements was granted, and the Company issued to these investors
 shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock with a relative fair value of 7.50 per share or based on conversion terms and price of
the Company s Common Stock at the time of issuance. The Company also issued common stock warrants to investors. The relative
fair value of the warrants and Series B-1 preferred stock in aggregate was , and was recorded as a debt discount, which is
amortized to interest expense over the term of the agreements using the effective interest method. During the manufacturing phase of
the asset, the interest expense is capitalized to the asset. 

Some
holders of these participation rights also have the option to relinquish ownership and all remaining benefits of their LLC units in exchange
for Common Stock in the Company. Depending on the contract, these options to convert to common stock range from between 1 and 5.5 years.
The exercise period ranges from between 1 year to 5.5 years with a step-up discount to market for each year the option is not exercised
with a range of between a 5 to a 25 discount to market. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 none of these options have been exercised to convert to Common Stock. Accordingly, under Accounting Standards Codification 815 ASC 815 the Company valued these options at fair value using a Monte Carlo Simulation by a third-party valuation expert, which found the fair
value of the options to be nominal. Long-term debt related to these participation rights is recorded in Long-term debt 
on the consolidated balance sheet. 

The
accounting for the terms under these contracts that call for working interest budget payments by the Company are recorded in current
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and paid down through pass-through expenses or cash according to the contract. Accordingly,
the Company records any unpaid balance of budget payments received in Long-term debt, current as these liabilities are
generally paid within 12 months after proceeds are received. 

Long-term
debt consists of the following: 

Accrued interest 

Debt discount 

Total long-term debt 

Long term debt, current 

Long term debt 

The
following table sets forth the estimated payment schedule of long-term debt as of December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

shares of preferred stock. The Company is authorized to issue shares of Series A Preferred Stock, shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, shares of Series C Preferred Stock, and shares of
Series C-1 Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is authorized to fix or alter the number of shares constituting any series of Preferred
Stock and the designation thereof. In 2021, the Board of Directors authorized, and a majority vote acceptance was received of each voting
class of preferred stock, including Series B Preferred Stock, Series B-1 Preferred Stock, and Series C-1 Preferred Stock, that each class s
designations be amended that upon the Company s public offering in conjunction with an uplist to a senior stock exchange that these
classes of preferred stock will convert their preferred shares to common shares on a one for one basis. 

The
Company has no issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred as of December 31, 2022. All of the outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock (66,667 shares) were converted to common stock upon the close of the Company s public offering of the Company s
common stock on February 14, 2022. The conversion price is subject to adjustment under certain customary circumstances, including
as a result of stock splits and combinations, dividends and distributions, and certain issuances of common stock. Holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to 25 votes for each share of Common Stock into which such shares of Series A Preferred
Stock can then be converted (with a current conversion ratio of 10 shares of Common Stock for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred
Stock) and the right to a liquidation preference in any distribution of net assets made to the shareowners prior to and in preference
to the holders of Common Stock and any other Preferred Stock holder in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the liquidation preference was and . Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
not currently entitled to dividends. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to redeem shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
Company has no issued outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shares of Series
B Preferred Stock are convertible one year after issuance, at any time at the option of the holder, into shares of Common Stock (with
a conversion price at the lesser of the issuance price 6.00) or a 10 discount to market on the conversion date). Automatic 1-for-1
conversion of all outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock occurred on May 1, 2021. No other shares
have been issued since the conversion of all of the outstanding shares of this class of stock. The conversion price is subject to adjustment
under certain customary circumstances, including as a result of stock splits and combinations, dividends and distributions, and certain
issuances of common stock. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to redeem shares of Series B Preferred Stock one year after
issuance. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock will have the right to one vote for each share of Common Stock into which such Series B
Preferred Stock is then convertible, and a right to a liquidation preference in any distribution of net assets made to the shareowners
prior to and in preference to the holders of Common Stock and any Preferred Stockholder, except holders of Series A Preferred Stock,
in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company. Dividends are and cumulative and are payable only when, as, and if
declared by the Board of Directors. 

The
Company has no issued and outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shares
of Series B-1 Preferred Stock are convertible one year after issuance, at any time at the option of the holder, into shares of Common
Stock (with a conversion price at the lesser of the issuance price 7.50) or a 10 discount to market on the conversion date). Automatic
1-for-1 conversion of all outstanding shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock occurred on May 1, 2021.
No other shares have been issued since the conversion of all of the outstanding shares of this class of stock. The conversion price is
subject to adjustment under certain customary circumstances, including as a result of stock splits and combinations, dividends and distributions,
and certain issuances of common stock. The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to redeem shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock
one year after issuance. Holders of Series B-1 Preferred Stock have no voting or dividend rights, and a right to a liquidation preference
in any distribution of net assets made to the shareowners prior to and in preference to the holders of Common Stock and any Preferred
Stockholder, except holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company. 

The
Company has not issued any Series C Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shares of Series C Preferred
Stock are convertible one year after issuance, at any time at the option of the holder, into shares of Common Stock (with a conversion
price at the lesser of the issuance price 10.50) or a 10 discount to the market price on the conversion date). Automatic conversion
of shares of Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock may occur due to certain qualified public offerings entered into or
by written consent of a majority of the holders of Series C Preferred Stock or upon the four-year anniversary date of the issuance of
such shares. The conversion price is subject to adjustment under certain customary circumstances, including as a result of stock splits
and combinations, dividends and distributions, and certain issuances of common stock. The Company has the right, but not the obligation,
to redeem shares of Series C Preferred Stock one year after issuance. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock will have the right to one
vote for each share of Common Stock into which such Series C Preferred Stock is then convertible, and a right to a liquidation preference
in any distribution of net assets made to the shareowners prior to and in preference to the holders of Common Stock and any Preferred
Stockholder, except holders of Series B and B-1 Preferred Stock, in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company. Dividends
are and cumulative and are payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors. 

The
Company has no issued and outstanding shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Shares
of Series C-1 Preferred Stock are convertible one year after issuance, at any time at the option of the holder, into shares of Common
Stock (with a conversion price at the lesser of the issuance price 12.00) or a 10 discount to the market price on the conversion date).
Automatic conversion of all outstanding shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock occurred on May 4, 2021
by written consent of a majority of the holders of Series C-1 Preferred Stock. No other shares have been issued since the conversion
of all of the outstanding shares of this class of stock. The conversion price is subject to adjustment under certain customary circumstances,
including as a result of stock splits and combinations, dividends and distributions, and certain issuances of common stock. The Company
has the right, but not the obligation, to redeem shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock one year after issuance. Holders of Series C-1
Preferred Stock have no voting or dividend rights, and a right to a liquidation preference in any distribution of net assets made to
the shareowners prior to and in preference to the holders of Common Stock and any Preferred Stockholder, except holders of Series A,
Series B, Series B-1, and Series C Preferred Stock, in the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our Company. 

On
February 14, 2022, we effected a 1-for-30 reverse split of our authorized and outstanding shares via the filing of a certificate
of change with the Nevada Secretary of State, which was filed simultaneously with the close of the underwritten public offering of our
common stock and the commencement of the trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, LLC. As a result of the reverse stock
split, all authorized and outstanding common stock, preferred stock, and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the reverse
stock split for all periods presented. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shares) were converted to common
stock upon the close of the Company s public offering of the Company s common stock on February 14, 2022, and converted
into shares of Common Stock. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, or shares of Series B, Series B-1, and Series C-1 Preferred Stock were converted
into shares of Common Stock. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued Series C-1 Preferred Stock or for a reduction in stock payables. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock as a stock dividend paid
to Series B Preferred Shareholders. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and 
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Treasury stock is carried at cost. 

On
February 14, 2022, we closed an underwritten public offering for 1,600,000 shares of common stock, at a public offering price
of 5.00 per share, for aggregate net proceeds of 6.2 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and
other offering expenses of approximately 1.8 million. We effected a 1-for-30 reverse split of our authorized and outstanding shares
of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split via the filing of a certificate of change with the Nevada Secretary of
State, which was filed simultaneously with the close of the underwritten public offering of our common stock and the commencement of
the trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, LLC. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, all authorized and
outstanding common stock, preferred stock, and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split for all
periods presented. 

On
August 1, 2022, we closed a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, (the MIPA ), with Jorgan Development, LLC, Jorgan and JBAH Holdings, LLC, JBAH ), as the equity holders of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC SFD and White Claw Colorado
City, LLC WCCC ), whereby, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests in each of SFD and
WCCC, making SFD and WCCC wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. The purchase price for the Membership Interests is approximately
 million, after post-closing adjustments, payable in part by the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock,
amount equal to of the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock immediately prior to closing.
JBAH and Jorgan have entered into 18-month lock-up agreements to the common shares issued for consideration (see Note 4). 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, or shares of Series B, Series B-1, and Series C-1 Preferred Stock were converted
into shares of Common Stock. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and common shares for a and reduction
of liabilities. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of Common Stock for in services to the Company. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares for a payment for a technology license (see Note 10). 

Noncontrolling
Interest 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company converted and in Viva Wealth Fund I, LLC convertible
promissory notes into and units of noncontrolling interest in Viva Wealth Fund I, LLC, and paid distributions to unit holders
of and . 

Series C-1 Issue for a reduction in stock payables 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividend paid in Series B-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Series B and B-1 Preferred Stock to Common Stock 

December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

. 

Plan Administration.
Our Compensation Committee of the Board will administer the Plan at the time we add additional independent directors. Until then the Board
will administer the Plan. The Board and the Compensation Committee are to as the Administrator. The Administrator will be
authorized to grant awards under the Plan, to interpret the provisions of the Plan and to prescribe, amend and rescind rules relating
to the Plan or any award thereunder. It is anticipated that the Administrator (either generally or with respect to specific transactions)
will be constituted so as to comply, as necessary or desirable, with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code
(the Code and Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

Stock Options. The Plan
permits the granting of incentive stock options meeting the requirements of Section 422 of the Code, and nonqualified
stock options that do not meet such requirements. The term of each option is determined by the Compensation Committee and shall
not exceed ten years after the date of grant. Options may also be subject to restrictions on exercise, such as exercise in periodic installments,
as determined by the Administrator. In general, the per share exercise price for options must be at least equal to 100 of the fair market
value of the underlying shares on the date of the grant, unless the option is intended to be compliant with the requirements of Section 409A
of the Code. All 2,000,000 shares authorized for issuance under the Plan shall be available for issuance in respect of incentive stock
options. 

Stock Appreciation Rights.
The Plan permits the granting of SARs. The Administrator will determine any vesting schedules and the terms and conditions of each grant.
Upon the exercise of a SAR, the recipient is entitled to receive from the Company an amount in cash or shares with a fair market value
equal to the appreciation in the value of the shares subject to the SAR over a specified reference price. The reference price per share
of any SAR will not be less than 100 of the fair market value per share of Company Common Stock on the date of the grant of the SAR,
unless the SAR is intended to be compliant with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

Restricted Stock Awards.
The Administrator may award restricted stock under the Plan. Restricted stock gives a participant the right to receive stock subject to
a risk of forfeiture based upon certain conditions. The forfeiture restrictions on the shares may be based upon performance standards,
length of service and/or other criteria as the Compensation Committee may determine. Until all restrictions are satisfied, lapsed or waived,
we will maintain custody over the restricted stock, but the participant will be able to vote the shares and will be entitled to all distributions
paid with respect to the shares (but see below, under the heading No Current Dividends on Unvested Awards with respect to
the treatment of dividends while the shares remain unvested). During the period in which shares are restricted, the restricted stock may
not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered. Upon termination of employment, the participant will forfeit the
restricted stock to the extent the applicable vesting requirements have not by then been met. 

Unrestricted Stock Awards.
The Administrator may award unrestricted stock under the Plan. Unrestricted stock may be granted in respect of past services or other
valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such grantee. 

Restricted Stock Units.
The Plan provides that the Administrator may grant restricted stock units RSUs ), which represent the right to receive shares
following the satisfaction of specified conditions. The Administrator will determine any vesting schedules and the other terms of each
grant of RSUs. A participant will not have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to an RSU award prior to the
actual issuance of those shares. 

Performance Awards. The
Plan provides that the Administrator may grant awards that are contingent upon the achievement of specified performance criteria Performance
Awards ). Such awards may be payable in cash, shares or other property. The Administrator will determine the terms of Performance
Awards, including the performance criteria, length of the applicable performance period, and the time and form of payment. 

Other Share-Based Awards.
The Plan provides that the Administrator may grant other awards that are payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise
based on or related to shares. All the terms of such other share-based awards will be determined by the Administrator. 

No Payment of Dividends
Until Awards Vest. Dividends or dividend equivalents payable with respect to Plan awards will be subject to the same vesting terms as
the related award. 

Adjustments. In the event
of any corporate transaction or event such as a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or similar distribution (whether in the form of
cash, shares, other securities, or other property), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse
stock split or other similar change in the Company s capital stock, the Plan provides that the Administrator will make equitable
adjustments to (i) the maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, (ii) the number and kind of shares or other securities
subject to any then outstanding awards under the Plan, (iii) the repurchase price, if any, per phare subject to each outstanding award,
and (iv) the exercise price for each Share subject to any then outstanding Stock Options under the Plan, without changing the aggregate
exercise price (i.e., the exercise price multiplied by the number of Stock Options) as to which such Stock Options remain exercisable. 

Transferability of Awards.
Restricted Stock awards, Stock Options, SARs and, prior to exercise, the shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Option shall not
be transferred other than by will, or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Administrator, however, may allow for the assignment
or transfer of an award (other than incentive stock options and restricted stock awards) to a participant s spouse, children and/or
trusts, partnerships, or limited liability companies established for the benefit of the participant s spouse and/or children, subject
in each case to certain conditions on assignment or transfer. 

Termination and Amendment.
The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Compensation Committee may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding
award for the purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under
any outstanding award without the consent of the holder of the Award. The Compensation Committee may exercise its discretion to reduce
the exercise price of outstanding Stock Options or effect repricing through cancellation of outstanding Stock Options and by granting
such holders new awards in replacement of the cancelled Stock Options. To the extent determined by the Compensation Committee to be required
either by the Code to ensure that Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan are qualified under Section 422 of the Code or otherwise,
Plan amendments shall be subject to approval by the Company stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders. The Board has
the right to amend the Plan and/or the terms of any outstanding Stock Options to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with the requirements
of the exemption pursuant to Rule 12h-1 of the Exchange Act. 

Treatment of Awards Upon
a Sale Event. In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event (as the term is defined in the Plan), the Plan and all outstanding
Stock Options and SARs issued thereunder shall become one hundred percent (100 vested upon the effective time of any such Sale Event,
all unvested Restricted Stock and unvested Restricted Stock Unit Awards issued thereunder shall become one hundred percent (100 vested,
with an equitable or proportionate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares subject to such awards as such parties shall agree,
and such Restricted Stock shall be repurchased from the holder thereof at the then fair market value of such shares. In the event of the
termination of the Plan, each holder of Stock Options shall be permitted, within a period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale
Event as specified by the Administrator, to exercise all such Stock Options or SARs which are then exercisable or will become exercisable
as of the effective time of the Sale Event. 

Treatment of Termination
of Service Relationship. Any portion of a Stock Option or SAR that is not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of an optionee s
service relationship, a grantee s right in all Restricted Stock Units that have not vested upon the grantee s cessation of
service relationship with the Company and any subsidiary for any reason, shall immediately expire and be null and void, unless otherwise
be provided by the Administrator. Once any portion of the Stock Option becomes vested and exercisable, the optionee s right to exercise
such portion of the Stock Option or SAR in the event of a termination of the optionee s service relationship shall continue until
the earliest of: (i) the date which is: (A) 12 months following the date on which the optionee s Service Relationship terminates
due to death or Disability (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement),
or (B) three months following the date on which the optionee s Service Relationship terminates if the termination is due to any
reason other than death or Disability (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement), or (ii) the expiration date set forth in the award agreement; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, an award agreement
may provide that if the optionee s rervice Relationship is terminated for cause, the Stock Option shall terminate immediately and
be null and void upon the date of the optionee s termination and shall not thereafter be exercisable. 

Tax Withholding. The
Company and its subsidiaries may deduct amounts from participants to satisfy withholding tax requirements arising in connection with
Plan awards. The Company s obligation to deliver stock certificates (or evidence of book entry) to any grantee is subject to and
conditioned on any such tax withholding obligations being satisfied by the grantee. 

Options 

Generally
accepted accounting principles require share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, warrants, and common
stock to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values at the date of grant, net of estimated forfeitures. 

The Company has granted stock-based compensation to employees, including a share stock award,
which was issued in 2018 and vested in May 2022, 166,667 in employee stock options that were issued in 2020 to cliff vest at the
end of five years, but were cancelled on September 1, 2022 by the parties in conjunction with the issuance of employee
stock options granted in June 2022 that were to vest over a period of two years, for which of these options were cancelled
with the resignation without cause in October 2022 of our prior Chief Executive Officer. For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, stock-based compensation was and . In 2020, the Company also granted non-statutory stock options, including
 stock options to the Board of Directors, which vested over 1 year, and a stock option to a consultant, which was to vest
over 4 years, but was cancelled on September 1, 2022 by the parties which concluded that it was not probable that certain performance
targets would be met, as agreed upon by both parties. On October 24, 2022, the Board of Directors resolved to increase their compensation including the issuance of stock options per independent board member, exercisable at per share, vesting immediately. Non-statutory stock-based compensation was and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In 2022, the Company closed on its underwritten public offering in which the Company granted the
underwriter, EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ), a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional
240,000 shares of Common Stock at the public offering price per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, to cover over-allotments,
if any. These options were not exercised and expired. 

There
were no other options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the options on the date of issuance are as
follows: 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life of warrants 
 
 - years 
 
 Expected volatility rate 
 
 - 

The
following table summarizes all stock option activity of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2021 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of the Company s outstanding options was approximately none.
The aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the Company s common stock. 

Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and warrants outstanding. On February 14, 2022, the Company closed
on its underwritten public offering of shares of common stock, at a public offering price of 5.00 per share. In addition,
the Company has issued the underwriter, EF Hutton, a 5-year warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price equal
 . and were valued with a fair market value of . The impact of these warrants has no effect on stockholder s equity,
as they are considered equity-like instruments, and are considered a direct expense of the offering. 

Management
uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of warrants on the date of issuance. 

The
assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the warrants on the date of issuance are as
follows: 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life of warrants 
 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility rate 

Total current 

Deferred : 

Federal 

State 

Total Deferred 

Net provision 

The differences between the expected income tax benefit based on the statutory Federal United States income tax rates and the Company s effective tax rates are summarized
below: 

State Tax, Net Of Fed Tax Benefit 

Nondeductible Expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Flowthrough Entity not Subject to Tax 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign Corporation - Minority Interest 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation Allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Benefit
 for income taxes 

December 31, 
2021 
 
 Tax Computed At The Federal Statutory Rate 

State Tax, Net Of Federal Tax Benefit 

Nondeductible Expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Flowthrough Entity not Subject to Tax 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign Corporation - Minority Interest 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation Allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Benefit for income taxes 

Significant
components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Fixed Assets 

Leases 

Intangibles 

Net Operating Losses 

Impairment Losses 

Stock Options 

Accruals 

Other 

Net Deferred Asset 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Total deferred tax liability: 
 - 

December 31, 
2021 
 
 Reserves 

Fixed Assets 

Leases 

Intangibles 

Net Operating Losses 

Impairment Losses 
 - 
 
 Stock Options 

Accruals 

Other 

Net Deferred Liability 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Total deferred tax liability: 

In
determining the possible future realization of deferred tax assets, the Company has considered future taxable income from the following
sources: (a) reversal of taxable temporary differences; and (b) tax planning strategies that, if necessary, would be implemented to accelerate
taxable income into years in which net operating losses might otherwise expire. 

Deferred
tax assets are recognized subject to management s judgment that realization is more likely than not. A valuation allowance is recognized
for a deferred tax asset if, based on the weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred
tax asset will not be realized. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. Based
on our review of the deferred tax assets the Company has concluded that a valuation allowance is necessary on the net operating loss
balance, as realization of this asset does not meet the more likely than not threshold. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had estimated net operating losses for federal and state purposes of and million, respectively. Federal and state net operating
losses will begin to expire in 2028. 

We recognize a tax position as a benefit only
if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being
presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. 

For tax positions not meeting the more
likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. We recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
in the general and administrative expense in the statement of operations of the Company. 

The Company is in the process of filing back income
tax returns from 2010 through the current year and subject to IRS examination for these years. The Company has booked a reserve for potential
penalties associated with non-filing of certain foreign information reports related to its subsidiary in the Middle East. Penalties and
interest have been reported in the general and administrative section of the statement of operations. The reserve balance at December 31,
2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company does not expect this reserve to reverse within the next 12 months,
as they will apply for a penalty waiver when the tax returns are ultimately filed. Due to the non-filing of income tax returns, statutes
of limitations on the potential examination of those income tax periods will continue to run until the returns are filed, at which time
the statutes will begin. The Company expects to file all past due income tax returns within the next 12 months. 

Viva
Wealth Fund I, LLC (VWFI), which is managed by Wealth Space LLC, has continued its private offering of up to in convertible
notes for the manufacture of one or more RPC machines. As of December 31, 2022, VWFI has raised . As of December 31,
2022, VWFI has paid to Dzign Pro Enterprises, LLC (Dzign Pro) for engineering services related to our RPCs, site planning,
and infrastructure, which entity shares a common executive with VWFI. As of December 31, 2022, VWFI also entered into a master revolving
note payable to Dzign Pro in the amount of , which accrues 5 interest per annum, has a maturity date of July 14, 2024,
where no payments are made prior to the maturity date unless at the option of the fund. VWFI also entered into a master revolving note
payable to Van Tran Family LP, which is an affiliate of WealthSpace, LLC, the VWFI Fund Manager, in the amount of 599,500, which accrues
6 interest per annum, has a maturity date of October 11, 2023, where no payments are made prior to the maturity date unless at
the option of the fund. 

On
June 15, 2022, we entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the MIPA ), with Jorgan Development, LLC, Jorgan and JBAH Holdings, LLC, JBAH and, together with Jorgan, the Sellers ), as the equity
holders of Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC SFD and White Claw Colorado City, LLC WCCC whereby, at closing, which
occurred on August 1, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests in each of SFD and WCCC (the Membership
Interests ), making SFD and WCCC our wholly-owned subsidiaries. The purchase price for the Membership Interests was approximately
 32.9 million paid for by us with a combination of shares of our common stock, amount equal to 19.99 of the number of issued and outstanding
shares of our common stock immediately prior to issuance, and secured three-year promissory notes issued by us in favor of the Sellers
(the Notes ). The principal amount of the Notes, together with any and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will be
paid to the Sellers on a monthly basis in an amount equal to the Monthly Free Cash Flow beginning on August 20, 2022, and continuing
thereafter on the twentieth (20 th calendar day of each calendar month thereafter, as set forth in the MIPA. At the time of
the closing of these transactions Jorgan, JBAH, and our newly hired CEO, James Ballengee were not considered related parties. As James
Ballengee is now our Chief Executive Officer and is the beneficiary of Jorgan and JBAH, and the Sellers now own approximately 16.66 
of our outstanding common shares, certain transactions, as noted below, related to Jorgan, JBAH, and James Ballengee are now considered
related party transactions. 

The
consideration for the membership interests included the Notes in the amount of to JBAH and to Jorgan, which accrue
interest of prime plus 3 on the outstanding balance of the notes. Under the MIPA, we have committed to make a payment to Jorgan and
JBAH on or before February 1, 2024 in the amounts of 16,306,754 to Jorgan and 164,715 to JBAH, whether in cash or unrestricted
common stock. In the event of a breach of the terms of the Notes, the sole and exclusive remedy of the holder of the notes will be to
unwind the MIPA transaction. The principal amount of the Notes, together with any and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will be
paid to on a monthly basis in an amount equal to the Monthly Free Cash Flow continuing thereafter on the twentieth (20 th calendar day of each calendar month thereafter. Monthly Free Cash Flow means cash proceeds received by SFD and WCCC from its operations
minus any capital expenditures (including, but not limited to, maintenance capital expenditures and expenditures for personal protective
equipment, additions to the land/current facilities and pipeline connections) and any payments on the lease obligations of SFD and WCCC.
Subsequent to September 30, 2022, we entered into an agreement amending the Notes, whereby, as soon as is practicable, following
and subject to the approval of our shareholders, and provided there are no applicable prohibitions under the rules of The Nasdaq Capital
Market or other restrictions, we will issue 7,042,254 restricted shares of our common stock as a payment of 10,000,000 toward the principal
of the Notes on a pro rata basis (the Note Payment ), reflecting a conversion price of 1.42 per share. 6,971,831 shares
will be issued to Jorgan and 9,900,000 of principal owed to Jorgan will be cancelled and 70,423 shares will be issued to JBAH and 100,000
of principal owed to JBAH will be cancelled. Once a registration statement registering the shares for the Note Payment is declared effective
by the SEC, the Note Payment will count against the threshold payment amount, as defined in the notes and the MIPA. As of December 31,
2022 we have accrued interest of approximately and made cash payments of . 

In
the business combination of acquiring WCCC we also acquired WCCC s Oil Storage Agreement with White Claw Crude, LLC WC
Crude ), who shares a beneficiary, James Ballengee, with Jorgan and JBAH. Under this agreement, WC Crude has the right, subject
to the payment of service and maintenance fees, to store volumes of crude oil and other liquid hydrocarbons at a certain crude oil terminal
operated by WCCC. WC Crude is required to pay 150,000 per month even if the storage space is not used. The agreement expires on December 31,
2031. Since acquiring this contract on August 1, 2022 we have received tank storage revenue of approximately 750,000. 

In
the business combination of acquiring SFD, we acquired an amended Crude Petroleum Supply Agreement with WC Crude (the Supply Agreement ),
under which WC Crude supplies volumes of Crude Petroleum to SFD, which provides for the delivery to SFD a minimum of 1,000 sourced barrels
per day, and includes a guarantee that when SFD resells these barrels, if SFD does not make at least a 5.00 per barrel margin on the
oil purchased from WC Crude, then WC Crude will pay to SFD the difference between the sales price and 5.00 per barrel. In the event
that SFD makes more than 5.00 per barrel, SFD will pay WC Crude a profit-sharing payment in the amount equal to 10 of the excess price
over 5.00 per barrel, which amount will be multiplied by the number of barrels associated with the sale. The Supply Agreement expires
on December 31, 2031. Since acquiring this contract on August 1, 2022 we have made crude oil purchases from WC Crude of .
In addition, SFD entered into a sales
agreement on April 1, 2022 with WC Crude to sell a natural gas liquid product to WC Crude. SFD sells the NGL
stream at cost to WC Crude. We produced and sold natural gas liquids to WC Crude in the amount of as of December 31, 2022. 

In
the business combination of acquiring SFD and WCCC we also entered into a Shared Services Agreement with Endeavor Crude, LLC Endeavor ),
who shares a beneficiary, James Ballengee, with Jorgan and JBAH. Under this agreement, we have the right, but not the obligation to use
Endeavor for consulting services. Since entering into this contract on August 1, 2022, we have paid Endeavor 37,993. 

In
September 2020, we entered into a consulting contract with LBL Professional Consulting, Inc. LBL ), of which our Chief
Financial Officer is also an officer, which remains in effect. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, LBL invoiced the Company
for 340,484. On December 17, 2020 the Company granted non-statutory stock options to LBL to purchase 333,334 shares of common stock,
which was cancelled on September 1, 2022 by the parties. Our Chief Financial Officer is not the beneficiary of the Company and is
not permitted to participate in any discussion, including LBL s board meetings, regarding any Company stock that LBL may own at
any time. 

We
have an existing note payable issued to Triple T, which is owned by Dr. Khalid Bin Jabor Al Thani, the 51 majority-owner of Vivakor
Middle East LLC The note is interest free, has no fixed maturity date and will be repaid from revenues generated by Vivakor Middle East
LLC. As of December 31, 2022 the balance owed was . 

On
January 20, 2021, we entered into a worldwide, exclusive license agreement with TBT Group, Inc. (of which an independent Vivakor
Board member at the time was a 7 shareholder of TBT Group, Inc.) to license piezo electric and energy harvesting technologies for creating self-powered sensors for
making smart roadways. We paid 25,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock upon signing and 225,000 as of April 5, 2022.
When the licensor delivers to us data showing that the sensor performs based on mutually defined specifications and all designs for the
sensor are completed, we shall pay an additional 250,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock. Upon the delivery of a mutually
agreed working prototype, we will pay licensor 250,000 and 16,667 shares of restricted common stock. Upon commercialization of the product,
we will pay licensor 250,000 and 33,333 shares of restricted common stock. TBT shall have the option, at its sole discretion, to convert
the license to a non-exclusive license if we fail to pay 500,000 to TBT for sensor inventory per year, which will commence after the
second anniversary of product commercialization. We shall share in the development costs of the sensor technology to the time of commercialization. From May 2021 through March 3, 2022, the parties amended the license
agreement to extend the terms of the first milestone to March 4, 2022, of which we paid 15,000 as consideration for the extensions
and 225,000 to be paid on March 4, 2022. 

F- 46 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 vivakor_ex4-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

Vivakor,
Inc. (the Company, we, us, and our has one class of securities registered
under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which is the Company s
common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). The Common Stock is registered under Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act. 

General 

The
following is a description of the material terms of the Company s Common Stock. This is a summary only and does not
purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
(the Articles of Incorporation and the Company s Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated
by reference as an exhibit to its Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part. The Company encourages you to read
its Articles of Incorporation, its Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS ), for additional
information. 

Description
of Common Stock 

Our
Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol VIVK. 

Authorized
Shares of Common Stock 

The
authorized number of shares of Common Stock is 41,666,667 shares of Common Stock. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of Common Stock have the unlimited right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters requiring stockholder
action, each share being entitled to one vote. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends,
if any, as may be declared and paid or set apart for payment upon the Common Stock out of any assets or funds of the Company legally
available for the payment of dividends 

Liquidation
Rights 

Upon
the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company the net assets of the Company available for distribution
shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of the Common Stock in accordance with their respective rights and interests. 

Other
Rights and Preferences 

The
holders of the Common Stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to the Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the Common Stock are subject to, and may be
adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of the Company s preferred stock that is currently outstanding
and that it may designate and issue in the future. 

Fully
Paid and Nonassessable 

All
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 vivakor_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries 

VivaVentures
 Management Company, Inc., a Nevada corporation, wholly owned; 

VivaSphere, Inc., a Nevada
 corporation, wholly owned; 

VivaVentures Oil Sands,
 Inc., a Utah corporation, wholly owned; 

RPC Design and Manufacturing
 LLC, a Utah limited liability company, wholly owned; 

Silver Fuels Delhi, LLC,
 a Louisiana limited liability company, wholly owned; 

White Claw Colorado City,
 LLC, a Texas limited liability company, wholly owned; 

Vivaventures Remediation
 Corporation, a Texas corporation, wholly owned; 

VivaVentures Energy Group,
 Inc., a Nevada corporation; 99.5 owned; and 

Vivakor Middle East Limited
 Liability Company, a Qatar limited liability company; approximately 49 ownership. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 vivakor_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, James Ballengee, Chief Executive Officer of
Vivakor, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this
report; 

(4)
The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

(5)
The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Company s auditors and to the audit committee of the board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent
function): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

May 24, 2023 

/s/
James Ballengee 

James
Ballengee 

 Chief
Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 vivakor_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Tyler Nelson, Chief Financial Officer of Vivakor, Inc. (the Company ), certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in the report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods represented in this
report; 

(4)
The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which the report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

(5)
The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Company s auditors and to the audit committee of the board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent
function): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

May 24, 2023 

/s/
Tyler Nelson 

Tyler
Nelson 

 Chief
Financial Officer 

 (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 vivakor_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivakor, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, James Ballengee,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
James Ballengee 

James
Ballengee 

 Chief
Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

May 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 vivakor_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivakor, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Tyler Nelson,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
Tyler Nelson 

Tyler
Nelson 

 Chief
Financial Officer 

 (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

May 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 vivk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 vivk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 vivk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 vivk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

