<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1860514_0001829126-23-002537.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5072663</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>530602</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>891810</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1472058</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>936808</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1112710</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002537.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403205256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002537
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TKB Critical Technologies 1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001860514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981598442
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40959
		FILM NUMBER:		23794810

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 CONTINENTAL BLVD, SUITE 600
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-426-2055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 CONTINENTAL BLVD, SUITE 600
		CITY:			EL SEGUNDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90245

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002537.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 tkbcriticaltech1_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or
organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

- 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter, was , computed by reference to the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares reported
on Nasdaq on such date. 

As of March 29, 2023, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TKB CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 48 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 48 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 48 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 48 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 49 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 49 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 50 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 56 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 56 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 56 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 56 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 57 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 58 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 63 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 64 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 66 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Service. 
 69 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 70 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 70 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 71 

SIGNATURES 
 72 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report,
contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections,
forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. When we discuss our strategies or plans, we are making projections, forecasts or forward-looking statements.
Such statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results and shareholders value will be affected by a variety of risks and factors, including, without limitation, international,
national and local economic conditions, mergers, acquisition and business combination risks, financing risks, geo-political risks, acts
of terror or war, and those risk factors described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. Many of the risks and factors that will
determine these results and shareholder value are beyond our ability to control or predict. 

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may
include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses if we do not complete an initial business combination with Wejo 

our ability to complete our initial business combination 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination 

our pool of prospective target businesses if we do not complete an initial business combination with Wejo 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities, if we do not complete an initial business combination with Wejo 

the liquidity and trading of our public securities 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (the Trust Account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance 

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties or 

our financial performance. 

ii 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 

Our company is subject to numerous risks described
in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks before
making an investment. Some of these risks relating to our business objectives, our organization and structure and our securities include: 

While
 we intend to submit the proposed Business Combination with Wejo Group Limited Wejo to a vote of our shareholders, if we are not able to complete the proposed Business Combination or seek an alternate initial business
 combination, our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which
 means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination; 

If we seek shareholder
 approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo,
 our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how
 our public shareholders vote. 

The ability of our public
 shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination with Wejo or another
 target business. 

The ability of our public
 shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial
 business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

The requirement that we
 complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
 a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets,
 in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination
 on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Our search for a business
 combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, including Wejo, may be materially
 adversely affected by the status of debt and equity markets. 

If we seek shareholder
 approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo,
 our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders,
 which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

If a shareholder fails
 to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply
 with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled
 to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited
 resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our
 initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public
 shareholders may receive only approximately 10.38 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares,
 and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of
 our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to
 allow us to operate until June 29, 2023, it could limit the amount of cash available to fund our search for a target business or
 businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team, or third
 parties, to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

iv 

Past performance
 by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses
 with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

You will not have any rights
 or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment,
 you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The Nasdaq Stock Market
 Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which
 could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We are a blank check company
 with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our independent registered
 public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue
 as a going concern. 

The Company has no operating
 history and is subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement if it does not complete an initial business
 combination by June 29, 2023. As such, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern if it does not consummate
 an initial business combination by the applicable deadline. If the Company is unable to effect an initial business combination by
 the deadline, we will be forced to liquidate. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

In this Annual Report, references to the Company, 
 TKB, and to we, us, and our refer to TKB Critical Technologies 1. References to
 proposed Business Combination refer to the proposed business combination with Wejo. 

Overview 

We are a blank check
company incorporated on April 20, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Annual Report as our initial business combination. On January 10, 2023, the Company entered into a business combination agreement
with Wejo Group Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda Wejo and Green Merger Subsidiary Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct, wholly owned
subsidiary of Wejo (the Merger Sub 1 and upon execution of a joinder to
the business combination agreement, each of Wejo Holdings Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of
Bermuda and a wholly owned subsidiary of Wejo Holdco and Wejo Acquisition
Company Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Holdco
(the Merger Sub 2 , and together with Merger Sub 1, the Merger
Subs (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement ). The terms of the Business Combination Agreement and the business combination contemplated thereby
are discussed in more detail below. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. 

Formation and Initial Public Offering 

On October 29, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 23,000,000 units (the Units ), including 3,000,000 Units
that were issued pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 230,000,000. Each Unit consists of one TKB Class A Share, par value 0.0001 per share (the TKB
Class A Shares and one-half of one warrant to purchase TKB Class A Shares (the Public
Warrants ). Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 10,750,000 private
placement warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private
Warrant in a private placement to our sponsor, TKB Sponsor I, LLC, generating proceeds of 10,750,000. 

A total of 234,600,000 of the proceeds from the
initial public offering and the sale of the Private Warrants were placed in a U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee (the Trust
Account ). 

Our units, TKB Class A Shares and warrants are each
traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols USCTU, USCT and USCTW, respectively. Our
units commenced public trading on October 27, 2021, and our TKB Class A Shares and warrants commenced separate public trading on December
17, 2021. 

Extension 

On January 27, 2023, the Company received shareholder
approval to amend its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles to extend the date by which it must complete an initial business combination from January 29, 2023 to June 29, 2023 (the Extension ).
Shareholders also approved an amendment to the Company s Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by
and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as trustee (the Trust
Agreement ), to make a corresponding extension to the date the Company must commence liquidation of the Trust Account from
January 29, 2023 to June 29, 2023. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension, the holders
of 17,533,296 TKB Class A Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for
cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.38 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 181.9 million. After
the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in the Company s Trust Account is approximately 56.7 million. 

1 

Wejo Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

On January 5, 2023, the Sponsor entered into an assignment
and assumption agreement with Wejo, which was subsequently amended and restated on March 2, 2023 (the Wejo Assignment ),
pursuant to which Wejo agreed to pay the Sponsor an aggregate of 295,000 to fund TKB s working capital requirements and the Sponsor
agreed to assign to Wejo, effective as of the Closing Date or the earlier termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance
with its terms or otherwise, an aggregate of 83,250 Founder Shares and 250,000 Private Warrants. Wejo paid 250,000 to the Sponsor on
January 11, 2023 and 45,000 to the Sponsor on March 2, 2023, for an aggregate payment of 295,000. 

The Sponsor subsequently advanced these funds to TKB
for working capital purposes. The advance is non-interest bearing, unsecured, and payable in cash upon the consummation of TKB s
initial business combination. 

Working Capital Advance 

On January 26, 2023, in connection with the proposed
Business Combination, Sponsor and Wejo entered into a promissory note Phelan Note with Daniel Phelan (the Lender ), which provides for working capital for
TKB in an aggregate principal amount of up to 750,000. The Phelan Note was amended and restated on March 9, 2023. As of January 30,
2023, Sponsor had drawn 250,000 under the Phelan Note. The Phelan Note is non-interest bearing and non-convertible. All unpaid principal
accrued under the Phelan Note will be repaid at the closing of the Business Combination or the earlier termination of the Business Combination
Agreement in certain circumstances specified in the Phelan Note. In consideration for the Phelan Note, Sponsor agreed to pay to the Lender
at the closing of the Business Combination a commitment fee equal to 50 of the then-outstanding principal balance of the Phelan Note
up to a maximum of 375,000. If the Business Combination does not close, the commitment fee will not be paid. 

Proposed Business Combination 

Business Combination Agreement 

On January 10, 2023, the
Company entered into a business combination agreement with Wejo and Merger Sub 1 and upon execution of a joinder to the business combination
agreement, each of Holdco and Merger Sub 2. On January 16, 2023, Wejo transferred all of its equity interests in Merger Sub 1 to Holdco.
Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the terms and conditions specified therein,
(i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into TKB, with TKB continuing as the surviving company TKB Merger ), and (ii)
Merger Sub 2 will merge with Wejo, with Wejo continuing as the surviving company (the Wejo Merger and, together with
the TKB Merger, the Business Combination ), so that, immediately following completion of the Business Combination
(the Closing ), each of Wejo and TKB will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco. The Closing is expected to occur
in the second quarter of 2023, following receipt of required approval by shareholders of TKB and Wejo and the fulfillment or waiver of
the other conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Wejo is a publicly traded
holding company incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. Wejo provides software and technology solutions to various market verticals in
combination with services that utilize ingested and standardized connected vehicle and other high volume, high value datasets, through
its proprietary cloud software and analytics platform, Wejo Neural Edge (which includes the Wejo ADEPT platform). Wejo s sector
solutions, primarily delivered at this time in North America and Europe, provide valuable insights to its customers in public and private
organizations, including, but not limited to, automotive original equipment manufacturers, first tier automotive suppliers, fleet management
companies, departments of transportation, retailers, mapping companies, universities, insurance companies, advertising firms, construction
firms and research departments. In particular, these solutions can be used to unlock unique insights about mobility journeys, city planning,
electric vehicle usage, driver safety, audience and media measurements and more. 

2 

At the effective time
of the Wejo Merger, by virtue of the Wejo Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any shares of the capital stock
of Wejo, each Wejo common share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than (i) any common shares of Wejo
held in the treasury of Wejo or owned by the Company and (ii) any common shares of Wejo held by shareholders of Wejo that have validly
exercised dissenters rights) will be converted into the right to receive one common share of Holdco, par value 0.001 per share Holdco
Common Share ). Each warrant of Wejo issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Wejo Merger will
be assumed by Holdco and automatically represent a warrant to acquire a Holdco Common Share. Each stock option of Wejo that is outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the Wejo Merger, whether vested or unvested, shall automatically and without any action on
the part of the holder or beneficiary thereof be assumed by Holdco and converted into an option to purchase a number of Holdco Common
Shares equal to the total number of Wejo Common Shares subject to the stock option immediately prior to the effective time of the Wejo
Merger, and shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions (including vesting schedule) as applicable to the corresponding
stock option of Wejo. 

At the effective
time of the TKB Merger, by virtue of the TKB Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any shares of the capital stock
of TKB, (i) immediately prior to the effective time of the TKB Merger, each Unit then-outstanding and not previously separated will be
automatically separated into its component parts and the holder of each Unit will be deemed to hold one TKB Class A Share and
one-half of one Public Warrant, (ii) to the extent not already converted into TKB Class A Shares ,
immediately prior to the effective time of the TKB Merger each Class B ordinary share will automatically be converted on a one-for-one
basis into TKB Class A Shares , (iii) at the effective time of the TKB Merger, each TKB
Class A Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the TKB Merger (including
the TKB Class A Shares issued upon the separation of Units and the conversion of TKB
Class B Shares , but not including (i) any TKB Class A Shares held
by shareholders of TKB that have validly exercised redemption rights under the Articles, (ii) any TKB Class A Shares held
in the treasury of TKB or owned by Wejo, and (iii) any TKB Class A Shares held by shareholders
of TKB that have validly exercised dissenters rights) will be converted into the right to receive Holdco Common Shares based on a floating
exchange ratio, and (iv) at the effective time of the TKB Merger, each warrant issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the TKB Merger will be assumed by Holdco and the exercise price and number of underlying Holdco Common Shares will be adjusted
according to the exchange ratio, based on the collar maximum price of 3.00 and minimum price of 0.50 of Wejo, respectively. The exchange
ratio will be determined by dividing 11.25 by Wejo s volume weighted price per share for the 15 consecutive trading days immediately
preceding the second trading day prior to the TKB shareholders meeting to be held in connection with the Business Combination,
subject to a minimum exchange ratio of 3.75 and a maximum exchange ratio of 22.50. 

The Closing
is subject to customary closing conditions, including, among others, (i) approval of the transaction by TKB s shareholders and Wejo s
shareholders, (ii) approval of the extension of the term of TKB s existence beyond its existing expiration date of January 29, 2023
(which was approved by TKB shareholders on January 27, 2023), (iii) subject to certain materiality exceptions, the accuracy of the representations
and warranties made by Holdco, Wejo, the Merger Subs, and TKB, respectively, and compliance by Holdco, Wejo, the Merger Subs and TKB with
their respective obligations under the Business Combination Agreement, (iv) declaration of the effectiveness by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC of the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed
by Holdco, (v) the absence of any governmental order, statute, rule or regulation or governmental action enjoining or prohibiting the
consummation of the Business Combination, (vi) approval of Holdco Common Shares and warrants issued as consideration in the Business Combination
for listing on Nasdaq Stock Market subject to official notice of issuance, (vii) the absence of material adverse effect that is continuing
with respect to TKB and Wejo, (viii) the termination of the equity facility dated February 14, 2022 between CF Principal Investments LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, and Wejo and (ix) there being at Closing, in the reasonable and good faith assessment of Wejo or
TKB, as applicable, available cash on hand at Wejo or available cash to be borrowed pursuant to binding contractual commitments from third
parties, in such amounts that, together with (A) the net proceeds of amounts in the Trust Account (net of redemptions and transaction
expenses), (B) any irrevocable and binding financing commitments entered into pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and (C) any
non-binding financing commitments or other sources of income that in the reasonable determination of Wejo or TKB, as applicable, are reasonably
expected to be available following the Closing, will be sufficient to fund ordinary course working capital and other general corporate
purposes of Wejo in accordance with its mid-term business plan. 

Further information
regarding the proposed Business Combination can be found in TKB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10, 2023
(as amended on January 11, 2023 and January 12, 2023). 

3 

Wejo Voting Agreement 

On January 10, 2023, in connection
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of Wejo entered into a Voting Agreement with TKB (the Wejo
Voting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Wejo Voting Agreement, such Wejo shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of (i) a proposal
to approve the Wejo Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and (ii) all of the matters,
actions and proposals that would reasonably be expected to facilitate the consummation of the Wejo Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement. As of January 10, 2023, Wejo shareholders subject to the Wejo Voting Agreement beneficially own
approximately 14.69 of the issued and outstanding common shares of Wejo. 

Sponsor Voting Agreement 

On January 10, 2023, in connection
with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Sponsor entered into and, upon execution of a counterpart signature page certain
other shareholders of TKB (collectively, the Relevant TKB Shareholders will enter into, a Voting Agreement with
Wejo (the Sponsor Voting Agreement ). 

Pursuant to the Sponsor
Voting Agreement, such Relevant TKB Shareholders have agreed, to vote or cause to be voted any shares beneficially owned by such shareholders
(or that may otherwise become beneficially owned by them prior to the shareholder vote) in favor of (i) a proposal to approve the TKB
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and (ii) all of the matters, actions and proposals
that would reasonably be expected to facilitate the consummation of the TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement, at every shareholders meeting of TKB during the term of the Sponsor Voting Agreement. Further, each Relevant
TKB Shareholder has agreed not to redeem any of its shares in connection with the TKB Merger or the Extension. In addition, each Relevant
TKB Shareholder has agreed that, with limited exceptions provided therein, during the period from the date of the Sponsor Voting Agreement
until termination thereof, he, she or it will not transfer, directly or indirectly, any such shares. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

At the Closing, Holdco, Wejo,
TKB, the Sponsor and certain other security holders of TKB, will enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, upon completion of the Business Combination, the Holdco Common Shares, Holdco warrants
and certain other registrable securities described therein held by the Sponsor and the other security holders of TKB party thereto will
bear customary registration rights. 

The
foregoing description of the Business Combination Agreement, Wejo Voting Agreement, Sponsor Voting Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, form
of Wejo Voting Agreement, form of Sponsor Voting Agreement and form of Registration Rights Agreement, filed as exhibits to this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Amendment to the Business
Combination Agreement 

On March 27, 2023, TKB and Wejo entered into Amendment
No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment ). The Amendment amends the Business Combination Agreement
as follows: (i) to permit TKB to create, assume or incur any indebtedness, guarantee indebtedness of another, or repay, redeem or repurchase
such indebtedness, provided that TKB has first requested in writing that Wejo provide an alternative form of financing to TKB in an amount
reasonably requested by TKB and Wejo subsequently fails to provide a binding and irrevocable commitment for such financing through third
party sources of financing or otherwise on or before the earlier of three (3) Business Days or five (5) days from the date of such request,
(ii) to require Wejo to pay the TKB Expense Reimbursement (x) if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated upon the mutual written
consent of Wejo and TKB, (y) if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated by TKB in order to enter into a definitive agreement
providing for a TKB Superior Proposal, and (z) if Holdco fails to file or confidentially submit the Registration Statement with the SEC
on or before April 17, 2023, in addition to certain previously agreed terminations of the Business Combination Agreement by Wejo, (iii)
to include repayment of the principal amount on loans entered into by TKB or Sponsor in compliance with the Business Combination Agreement
as an amount subject to the TKB Expense Reimbursement, (iv) to increase the amount of the TKB Expense Reimbursement from 250,000 to 1,000,000,
plus an additional 500,000 on account of interest or repayment premiums on principal amounts of loans entered into by TKB or Sponsor
in compliance with the Business Combination Agreement, (v) to require Wejo to pay the TKB Expense Reimbursement within three (3) Business
Days following the termination of the Business Combination Agreement, (vi) to clarify that in no event shall Wejo be obligated to pay
the TKB Expense Reimbursement on more than one occasion, and (vii) to modify the definition of TKB Transaction Expenses to include payment
of loans entered into by TKB or Sponsor as set forth on a schedule to the Amendment or as approved by Wejo. 

4 

Value Proposition and Differentiation 

We believe our management team, board of directors,
and advisory board bring a unique set of financial, operation, public market, and industry experience that will be highly beneficial to
potential targets and public market investors to unlock significant value and drive long-term growth: 

Proven track record with global transaction experience : Our management team has been involved in technology transactions on a global scale, having completed more than 50 transactions across North America, the United Kingdom, Europe, Russia, Israel, India, Australia, and Asia. Our management team has bought and sold public and private companies across all stages of the business lifecycle. 

Extensive operating experience : Our management team and board of directors have nearly 100 years of combined operating experience and success in scaling public and private companies through organic and inorganic strategies. Philippe Tartavull has over 35 years of experience building, growing, and leading public and private global technology companies including business transformation, scaling, and strategic initiatives. Furthermore, Ryan O Hara is a three-time CEO with extensive leadership and general management experiences across a range of large companies. 

Public market experience : Our management team and board of directors have decades of experience playing key roles in successful IPOs and serving as senior executives of public companies. Philippe Tartavull has over 35 years of experience and served as the Chief Executive Officer of public companies, including Xura/Comverse (NASDAQ: MESG) and Hypercom (NYSE: HYC). William Zerella has public market experience serving as a Chief Financial Officer and has been involved in three IPOs. His public market experience includes ACV Auctions (NASDAQ: ACVA), Luminar Technologies (NASDAQ: LAZR), FitBit (NYSE: FIT), and Vocera Communications (NASDAQ: VCRA). 

Industry knowledge : Our management team, board of directors, and advisory board have developed deep domain expertise across various industrial technology sectors. One board member is an inventor with over 50 patents and one advisory board member leads one of the most respected private sector consulting firms specializing in the defense of the United States supply chain. 

Global network : We have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in critical technology sectors including industrials, software, technology, telecommunications, and business services. Our network includes hundreds of contacts that we believe will be helpful in identifying and sourcing our eventual target. 

Initial Business Combination 

We have evaluated over 350 potential target businesses,
including Wejo. When evaluating each prospective target business, we conducted a thorough due diligence review that encompassed, among
other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and a review of financial and other information that
was made available to us. 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair market value test. The
fair market value of the target was determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Our board of directors determined that the proposed
Business Combination with Wejo satisfied this requirement and, in connection with such determination, relied on the opinion of an independent
financial advisory firm. If we do not complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo and we seek an alternate business combination,
our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of such alternate initial business combination. If our
board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of such alternate initial business combination, we will
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

Our Business Combination Process 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Wejo is not affiliated with our sponsor, officers,
or directors. In the event we do not complete the proposed Business Combination, and instead seek to complete an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

5 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a
business combination opportunity to such other entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity
to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe,
however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our Articles provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving
as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly
or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in,
or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any
director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Our sponsor, directors and officers are, or may become, affiliated with entities
that are engaged in a business similar to our company. Our sponsor, directors and officers are not prohibited from sponsoring, investing
in or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies (including special purpose acquisition companies similar to our
company), including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination. However,
we do not believe that any such potential conflicts of interest would materially affect our ability to complete our proposed Business
Combination with Wejo or with any other potential target business. See the Registration Statement for a discussion of potential conflicts
of interest in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo. 

We have expended considerable time, and incurred considerable
costs, to select and evaluate Wejo and to structure and pursue completion of the proposed Business Combination. The time required to select
and evaluate any other target business and to structure and complete any other initial business combination, and the costs associated
with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed
will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The Company will not
pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection
with our initial business combination. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon
Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described
herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into
a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their TKB Class B Shares
(including the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon the conversion of the TKB Class B Shares, the Founder Shares ), and
any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Such persons did not receive separate
consideration for their waiver of redemption rights. 

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our
Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

We will seek shareholder approval of the Wejo
business combination as discussed in more detail in the Registration Statement. If we do not complete the business combination with Wejo
and seek an alternate business combination and if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Articles provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to excess shares , which means more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent Excess Shares ). We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares
are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By
limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, we believe we will
limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination,
particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

6 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if
No Business Combination 

The prospectus for TKB s initial public offering
and the Articles initially provided that TKB had until January 29, 2023, to complete a business combination. On January 6, 2023, TKB filed
a definitive proxy statement seeking approval from its shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting, to be held on January 23, 2023,
to extend the date by which TKB is required to complete its initial business combination to June 29, 2023. TKB shareholders approved the
Extension on January 27, 2023. In connection with the Extension, an aggregate of 17,533,296 Public Shares were redeemed for an aggregate
redemption payment of approximately 181.9 million, leaving approximately 56.7 million in TKB s Trust Account. 

If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination by June 29, 2023, or during any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as
a result of an amendment to the Articles (the Combination Period ), we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish TKB Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire, worthless, if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the required time period. 

Our Sponsor, and our officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination during the Combination Period. However,
if our Sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have also
agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to the Articles to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem one-hundred percent (100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other material
provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with
respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with
the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with
implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from the proceeds of our initial public offering
and private placement held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the
extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us
an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those dissolution costs and expenses. 

7 

The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot
assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than the estimated 10.38
per share calculated as of January 27, 2023, or less than the initial 10.20 per share deposited in the Trust Account at the time of our
initial public offering. See Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us the proceeds held in the Trust Account
could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk
factors contained herein. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay
or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which
we do business, execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust
Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute
such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including, but not limited to, fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver,
in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account.
If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider
whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of TKB under the circumstances. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose
particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree
to execute a waiver, or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters of
our initial public offering and our independent registered public accounting firm have not executed agreements with us waiving such claims
to the monies held in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may
have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent that any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable),
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that the Sponsor s
only assets are securities of TKB. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result,
if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination,
and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust
Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust
Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.20 per Public Share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our TKB Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine
whether to take legal action against our TKB Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our
independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our TKB Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular
instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will
not be less than 10.20 per Public Share. See Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per
share and other risk factors contained herein. 

8 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that the TKB
Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The TKB Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the
underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate
and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our
Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per Public Share
to our TKB Public Shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and TKB to claims of punitive damages,
by paying TKB Public Shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our TKB Public Shareholders will be entitled to
receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within the Combination Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Cayman Constitutional Documents to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
one-hundred percent (100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or
with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii)
if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will
a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. Further, a shareholder s voting in connection with
an extension of the Combination Period or the Business Combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares
to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described
above. These provisions of our Articles, like all provisions of our Articles, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Competition 

If we are unable to complete our business combination
with Wejo, we expect to encounter competition in identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our alternate business combination,
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity
groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are
well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover,
many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target
businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may have placed us at a
competitive disadvantage in negotiating the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, or may place us at a competitive disadvantage in
successfully negotiating an alternate business combination. 

9 

Employees 

We currently have three executive officers: Mr. Philippe
Tartavull (Executive Chairman), Mr. Greg Klein (Co-Chief Executive Officer) and Ms. Angela Blatteis (Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer). These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they have devoted and
will continue to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Corporate Information 

We are an emerging growth company, as
defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the
earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior
three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until
the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 250 million
as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such
completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 700 million as of the end
of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also
make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Our executive offices are located at 400 Continental
Blvd, Suite 600, El Segundo, CA 90245 and our phone number is 310-426-2153. Our corporate website address is www.tkbtech.com . Our
website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in,
and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest
in our securities. 

10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this
Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. The risks set forth below do not include specific risks relating to our proposed business combination
with Wejo, or the risks inherent in Wejo s business. The risks presented below assumes that we will not consummate the proposed
business combination with Wejo, and that we will seek to find an alternative target with which to consummate an initial business combination. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation
of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

TKB s management identified a material weakness
in TKB s internal control over financial reporting. If TKB is unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control
over financial reporting, TKB may not be able to accurately report its results of operations and financial condition accurately and in
a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence and materially and adversely affect TKB s business and operating
results. 

On February 11, 2022, the audit committee of the TKB
Board, after consultation with TKB management, concluded that TKB s audited balance sheet as of October 29, 2021 (the Audited
Balance Sheet ), included as Exhibit 99.1 to TKB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on November 4, 2021, contained an error relating to the value of the TKB Class A Shares subject to redemption, which should have been
recorded as 234,600,000 10.20 per share) instead of 230,000,000 10.00 per share). In light of this error, it was determined that
the Audited Balance Sheet should be no longer be relied upon, and TKB filed a restated audited balance sheet. As part of such restatement
process, TKB identified a material weakness in its internal controls over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial
instruments (including redeemable equity instruments as described above). In light of the material weakness identified and the resulting
restatement, TKB s co-principal executive officers and principal financial and accounting officer performed additional post-closing
review procedures in connection with TKB s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2021, including reviewing historical filings
and consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. TKB s management has also
retained an additional consultant to provide additional review and subject matter expertise. TKB s management has expended, and
will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of its internal control over
financial reporting. While TKB has processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and
other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, TKB has improved, and will continue to improve, these processes to ensure
that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. The elements
of TKB s remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and TKB can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. As a result of this material weakness, TKB management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of its annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls
are necessary for TKB to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. TKB continues to evaluate steps to remediate the material
weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

Further, TKB can give no assurance that any additional
material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate
internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if TKB is successful in strengthening
its controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or
errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of TKB s financial statements. 

11 

A material weakness could limit TKB s ability
to prevent or detect a misstatement of its accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of its annual or interim
financial statements. If TKB s financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of TKB s
operations. Likewise, if TKB s financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, TKB could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on TKB s business.
Failure to timely file will cause TKB to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements on Form S-3 (once available), which
may impair TKB s ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute its business strategies. Ineffective internal controls
could also cause investors to lose confidence in TKB s reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the
trading price of the Holdco Common Shares. TKB cannot assure you that the measures taken to date, or any measures that TKB may take in
the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

TKB may face litigation and other risks as a result
of the material weaknesses in TKB s internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the material weaknesses identified
by TKB management, the restatement of the Audited Balance Sheet, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC,
TKB faces potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities
laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting
and the preparation of TKB s financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, TKB has no knowledge of any
such litigation or dispute. However, TKB can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such
litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on TKB s business, results of operations
and financial condition or its ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an
opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support
such a combination. 

While we intend to seek shareholder approval of the
proposed Business Combination with Wejo, we may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the
business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange requirement. Except as required by
applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to
seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, as we intend to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business
combination even if a majority of our public shareholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

We may engage the underwriters of our initial public
offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in
connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriters
are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination.
These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including,
for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

In connection with the proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, we engaged Jefferies, the underwriter of our initial public offering, to act as our exclusive financial advisor and exclusive
capital markets advisor and sole and exclusive placement agent in connection with one or more financings. In connection with such engagement,
we agreed to pay Jefferies customary fees and expense reimbursements for such services contingent on the closing of a financing. If we
do not complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo and seek an alternate business combination, we may engage the underwriters
of our initial public offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying
potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing.
We may pay the underwriters, or their respective affiliates, fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at
that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned
on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests
tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such
additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business
combination. 

12 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, our initial shareholders and
management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Because
our initial shareholders own approximately 51 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, our initial shareholders will be able to
approve the business combination even if no public shares are voted in favor of the business combination. 

Our initial shareholders own approximately 51 of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Pursuant to letter agreements with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to
vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in
favor of our initial business combination. 

Our initial shareholders and management team also
may from time to time purchase TKB Class A Shares prior to our initial business combination. Our memorandum and articles of association
provides that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an
ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote
at a general meeting of the company. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, because our initial
shareholders own a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination,
the our initial shareholders will be able to approve the business combination even if no public shares are voted in favor of the business
combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction
agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
For instance, the Business Combination Agreement with Wejo includes a closing condition that there should be at
Closing, in the reasonable and good faith assessment of Wejo or TKB, as applicable, available cash on hand at Wejo or available cash to
be borrowed pursuant to binding contractual commitments from third parties, in such amounts that, together with (A) the net proceeds of
amounts in the Trust Account (net of redemptions and transaction expenses), (B) any irrevocable and binding financing commitments entered
into pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and (C) any non-binding financing commitments or other sources of income that in the
reasonable determination of Wejo or TKB, as applicable, are reasonably expected to be available following the Closing, will be sufficient
to fund ordinary course working capital and other general corporate purposes of Wejo in accordance with its mid-term business plan. 

If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption
rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination.
Furthermore, our Articles provide that we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would make us unable to satisfy a condition
as described above or cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related
business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and,
thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not, and at the time we entered into the Business Combination Agreement, we did not, know how many
shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to
the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion
of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we may arrange
for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need
to restructure the transaction or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity
issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that
the anti-dilution provision of the TKB Class B Shares results in the issuance of TKB Class A Shares on a greater than one-to-one basis
upon conversion of the TKB Class B Shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination.
The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire
deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination
available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

13 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination, including
the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
your shares from us for cash or receive shares in Wejo. 

While the Business Combination Agreement with Wejo
does not include a minimum cash condition, the exercise of redemption rights with respect to a large number of public shares may result
in insufficient cash available to fund Wejo s business, and may increase the probability that the Business Combination would be
unsuccessful. If we do not consummate the proposed Business Combination with Wejo and instead pursue an alternate initial business combination,
if such alternate initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase
price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that such initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until
we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however,
at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer
a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we
liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business
combination by June 29, 2023, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit
the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023,
unless such date is further extended by vote of our shareholders. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe
described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on
terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

14 

We may not be able to complete our initial business
combination by June 29, 2023, in which case, unless any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination
as a result of an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association is approved, we would cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business
and complete our initial business combination with Wejo by June 29, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may
be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein,
including the impact of events such as the war between Russia and Ukraine and the continued impact of outbreaks of COVID-19 in both in
the U.S. and globally. These factors could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally,
the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination
within such time period or during any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result
of an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, our sponsor, initial shareholders,
directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public shareholders,
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our TKB Class A Shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, and we do not conduct redemptions
in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors,
executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions
or in the open market from institutional and other investors who vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against the business combination,
or who redeem, or indicate an intention to redeem, their Public Shares, or they may enter into transactions with such investors and others
to provide them with incentives to acquire TKB ordinary shares or vote their shares in favor of the business combination, at any time
prior to the business combination during a period when they are not then aware of material non-public information relating to the business
combination or target company, although they are under no obligation to do so. Any such non-redemption agreements may provide for an agreement
by the investor (i) not to redeem the public shares it owns, (ii) to sell such public shares to the Sponsor or our directors, officers,
advisors or affiliates, or (iii) to acquire public shares in the market or in privately negotiated transactions from other shareholders
who redeem or indicate an intention to redeem, and to hold such public shares and not redeem them. Any such a purchase may include a contractual
acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of TKB Ordinary Shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof
and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that the Sponsor or our directors, officers, advisors or affiliates
purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, then
such selling shareholder would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their public shares. 

Any public shares purchased by the Sponsor or
its affiliates would be purchased at a price no higher than the redemption price for the public shares, which is currently estimated to
be approximately 10.38 per share as of January 27, 2023. Any public shares so purchased would not be voted by the Sponsor or its affiliates
at the shareholder meeting held to approve the business combination and would not be redeemable by the Sponsor or its affiliates. The
purpose of such share purchases and other transactions would be to decrease the number of redemptions. If such transactions are effected,
the consequence could cause the business combination to be completed in circumstances where such would not otherwise be obtained. In addition,
if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares following completion of the business combination and the number
of beneficial holders of our shares may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading
of our shares on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange or reducing the liquidity of the trading market for our shares. 

15 

Other than as expressly stated herein, our Sponsor,
officers and directors have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such purchases or other transactions and have not
formulated any terms or conditions for any such purchases or other transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to
purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our
offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer
rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these
rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not become
aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public shareholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at
the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent
electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials,
this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if
we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public
shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of
the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed
in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination, we may be deemed to
be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess
of 5,000,001 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from
rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded
the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable after completion of our
initial public offering and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than companies subject to Rule
419. Moreover, if our initial public offering had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned
on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion
of an initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, and we do not conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our TKB
Class A Shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our TKB Class A Shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo and we do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our memorandum and articles of association provides that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to
the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our
ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess
Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order
to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

16 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds
in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If we are unable to complete our proposed Business
Combination with Wejo, and search for an alternate business combination target, we expect to encounter competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other
blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many
of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater
technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses, including Wejo,
that we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial
business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce
the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until June
29, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business
combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 124,237 held
outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account
may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for until June 29, 2023, assuming that our proposed Business Combination with Wejo or another
initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans.
Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search
for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision
in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination,
although we do not have any current intention to do so and we have not done so in connection with the proposed Business Combination with
Wejo. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business
and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

If we were required to seek additional capital,
we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither
our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances.
Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial
business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price
of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

17 

If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account.
Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.38 per share estimated as of January 27, 2023, or possibly less,
on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (except for our
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us
and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in
the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriters of our initial public offering as well as our registered independent
public accounting firm did not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with
our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought
against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could
be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter
agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if, and to
the extent, any claims by a third party for services rendered, products sold to us or a prospective target business with which we have
entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the
Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target
business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Wejo has executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies in the Trust Account. However, we
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

18 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public
shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce
these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may
be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy, winding-up or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy, winding-up or
insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and
the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members
of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy, winding-up or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy, winding-up or
insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our
board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public
shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive
damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy, winding-up or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy, winding-up or
insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims
of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may
be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy, winding-up or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy, winding-up or
insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received
by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that, immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company
to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted
any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

19 

The SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate
special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we or others may determine to undertake in connection with such
proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, or another initial business
combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo or another
initial business combination. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the
 SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures in SEC filings in connection with Business Combination
transactions between special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the
financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections in SEC filings in connection
with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions;
and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they
satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals
have not yet been adopted and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory requirements
on SPACs. 

Certain of the procedures that we or others may determine
to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may
increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing the proposed Business Combination with Wejo or another initial business combination,
and may make it more difficult to complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo or another initial business combination. 

If TKB is deemed to be an investment company for
purposes of the Investment Company Act, TKB would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and TKB s activities
would be severely restricted, and, as a result, TKB may abandon our efforts to consummate the Business Combination and liquidate. To mitigate
the risk of that result, TKB intends to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account prior to the 24-month anniversary of the IPO
Registration Statement and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash or an interest-bearing bank deposit account, which may
earn less interest than we otherwise would have if the Trust Account had remained invested in U.S. government securities or money market
funds. 

As described further above, the SPAC Rule Proposals
relate, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as TKB could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act
and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment
company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act; provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited
time period to announce and complete a business combination. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would
require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination
no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering (the IPO Registration
Statement ). The company would then be required to complete a business combination no later than 24 months after the effective
date of the IPO Registration Statement. 

There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability
of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC. While the funds in the Trust Account have, since TKB s IPO, been held only in U.S. government
securities within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or money
market funds meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, it is possible that a claim could be made that we
have been operating as an unregistered investment company, including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment
Company Act. If we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act,
our activities would be severely restricted and we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination
and instead be required to liquidate TKB. If we are required to liquidate TKB, shareholders would not be able to realize the benefits
of owning shares in Wejo, if we complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, or any other successor operating business, if we
complete an alternate initial business combination, including the potential appreciation in the value of TKB ordinary shares and warrants
following such a transaction, and TKB warrants would expire worthless. In addition, TKB would be subject to additional burdensome regulatory
requirements and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. 

20 

To mitigate the risk of being deemed an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, TKB intends to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the IPO Registration Statement, and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash or an interest-bearing bank deposit account,
which may earn less interest than we otherwise would have if the Trust Account had remained invested in U.S. government securities or
money market funds. This may mean that the amount of funds available for redemption would not increase, or would only minimally increase,
thereby reducing the dollar amount TKB Public Shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of TKB. Alternatively, if
TKB believes it may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, TKB may abandon our efforts to consummate
the Business Combination and instead liquidate. 

In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the effective date of its IPO Registration Statement, TKB may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the
Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, there
is a greater risk that TKB may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case TKB may be required to liquidate. For so
long as the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively
in such securities, the risk that TKB may be considered an unregistered investment company and required to liquidate is greater than that
of a special purpose acquisition company that has elected to liquidate such investments and to hold all funds in its Trust Account in
cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts). 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to
comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations, and
their interpretation and application, may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our proposed Business
Combination with Wejo or another initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until
after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders
may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided
into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our TKB Class A Shares, our public shareholders
will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

If we do not complete the proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, when we look for an alternate business combination target, we will not be limited to evaluating a target business in a particular
industry sector, and you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue an initial business combination opportunity
in any industry or sector, except that our Articles prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company
or similar company with nominal operations. 

We intend to complete the proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, and accordingly we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in Wejo s business operations and industry. Such risks
are set forth in more detail in the Registration Statement filed in connection with the proposed Business Combination. If we do not complete
the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, we may be affected by numerous risks relating to the target with which we combine. 

21 

For example, if we combine with a financially unstable
business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and
operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the
risks inherent in a particular target business, and have done so in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, we cannot
assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete
due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove
to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in Wejo or another business combination
target. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that
the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that Wejo or another target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination will not have some or all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does
meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does
not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it
difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target
business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we obtained a fairness opinion with the
proposed Business Combination with Wejo, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from
a valuation or appraisal firm in connection with an alternate transaction and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

We obtained a fairness opinion in connection with
the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, a copy of which is filed as an annex to the Registration Statement. If we do not complete
the Business Combination with Wejo and instead pursue an alternate target, then, unless we complete our initial business combination with
an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
(including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a
financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will
determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in
our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

22 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or
otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Pursuant to the Wejo Assignment Agreement, Wejo paid
the Sponsor 250,000 on January 11, 2023 and 45,000 to the Sponsor on March 2, 2023, for an aggregate payment of 295,000, and the Sponsor
subsequently advanced these funds to TKB for working capital purposes. Separately and pursuant to the Phelan Note, Sponsor may draw down
up to 750,000 for working capital, and as of January 30, 2023, Sponsor had drawn down 250,000 under the Phelan Note. 

We may choose to incur additional debt to complete
our proposed Business Combination with Wejo, or another initial business combination. We, and our officers, have agreed that we will not
incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the
monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust
Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves with-out a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our
ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our TKB Class A Shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce
the funds available for dividends on our TKB Class A Shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general
corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and
adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less
debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business, which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering
and the private placement of warrants units provided us with 231,950,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination
(after taking into account the 8,800,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account). Following the Extension,
we have approximately 56,700,000 remaining in our Trust Account. 

23 

Although the Business Combination Agreement contemplates
an initial business combination with a single target business, Wejo, if we do not complete the proposed Business Combination, we may effectuate
an alternate initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short
period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because
of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial
statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated
on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only Wejo or another single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities, which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in
which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

If we do not complete the proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability
to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and
profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with
our proposed Business Combination with Wejo. If we do not complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo and seek to complete multiple
business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations
and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address
these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We intend to complete our proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, but if we are unable to, we may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

We intend to complete our proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, but if we are unable to, we may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage-company, a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an
early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without
a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties
in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time
to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce
the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

24 

While we intend to complete our proposed Business
combination with Wejo, if we do not and seek an alternate target, we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private
company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable
as we suspected, if at all. 

While we intend to complete our proposed Business Combination with Wejo,
if we do not, we may seek an alternate target which is a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about
private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the
basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable (if at all) as we believed
at the time of signing an agreement to acquire such private company or that fails to meet the projections upon which our valuation may
be based. 

We intend to complete our proposed Business Combination
with Wejo, but if we are unable to, we may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant
operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

While we intend to complete our proposed Business
Combination with Wejo, if we are unable to, we may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we
believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are
delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete an initial business combination
with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management
team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational
improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore,
some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a smaller, less complex organization. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders or warrant holders do not agree. 

Our Articles does not provide a specified maximum
redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to
be less than 5,000,001. In addition, while the Business Combination Agreement does not impose a minimum cash condition, it does include
a condition that there be at Closing, in the reasonable and good faith assessment of Wejo or TKB,
as applicable, available cash on hand at Wejo or available cash to be borrowed pursuant to binding contractual commitments from third
parties, in such amounts that, together with (A) the net proceeds of amounts in the Trust Account (net of redemptions and transaction
expenses), (B) any irrevocable and binding financing commitments entered into pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and (C) any
non-binding financing commitments or other sources of income that in the reasonable determination of Wejo or TKB, as applicable, are reasonably
expected to be available following the Closing, will be sufficient to fund ordinary course working capital and other general corporate
purposes of Wejo in accordance with its mid-term business plan. If we do not complete our proposed Business Combination with Wejo,
any alternate initial business combination with an alternate target may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to
be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions. Nevertheless, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority
of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all TKB Class A Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement or such other proposed business combination exceeds the aggregate
amount of cash available to us, and such condition is not waived, we will not be able to complete the business combination or redeem any
shares in connection with such initial business combination, all TKB Class A Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

25 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our memorandum and articles of association or
governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may
not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination,
increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants,
amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our memorandum and
articles of association will require a special resolution being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the
votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented at a general meeting of the company and entitled
to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote
of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants
or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then-outstanding private
placement warrants. In addition, our Articles requires us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Articles to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination
by June 29, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of our securities, we would register,
or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or
governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our Articles that relate to our
pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account)
may be amended with the approval of a special resolution being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the
votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented at a general meeting of the company and entitled
to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some
other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Articles to facilitate the completion of
an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Our Articles provides that any of its provisions related
to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement
of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to
public shareholders as described herein) may be amended by special resolution being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds
(2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented at a general meeting of
the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders and corresponding provisions
of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary
shares entitled to vote thereon. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own approximately 51 of our ordinary shares,
may participate in any vote to amend our Articles and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Articles which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than
some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you
do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our memorandum and articles of association. 

26 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Articles to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
not complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their TKB
Class A Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements
and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of
these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. 

Certain agreements related to our initial public
offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related to our initial
public offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended
without shareholder approval. Such agreements are: (i) the underwriting agreement; (ii) the letter agreement among us and our initial
shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors; (iii) the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders; (iv) the
private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and (v) the administrative services agreement among us, our
sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material.
For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares,
private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial shareholders and our management team. Amendments to such agreements
would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for
a variety of reasons, including facilitating our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve
any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in
exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement.
Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our
material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders,
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect
on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, TKB and
Wejo have agreed to release the lock-up on the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants so that such securities will be transferrable
by our Sponsor and officers and directors immediately following completion of the Business Combination. Such agreement may have an adverse
effect on the price of our securities. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, or another target business, or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

We may be required to seek additional financing to
complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo or an alternate initial business combination. 

To the extent that additional financing proves to
be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or
abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain
additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for
distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The
failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business.
None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
combination. 

27 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Our initial shareholders own approximately 51 of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders
purchase any additional TKB Class A Shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional
securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price
of our TKB Class A Shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold
an annual general meeting to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the
current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting,
as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election
and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. In addition,
prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our
initial business combination. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target
business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement
with respect to the vote on the proposed Business Combination with Wejo or any other initial business combination include historical and
pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. In the case of Wejo, these financial statements are, and in
the case of any other target company, these financial statements may be, required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending
on the circumstances. In the case of Wejo, the historical financial statements are, and in the case of any other target business, the
historical financial statements may be, required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that
we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that
we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared
to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of
any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business
combination. 

28 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
combination. 

Over the past year, the market for directors 
and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering
quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of
such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors 
and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination.
In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business
combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors 
and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain
qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial
business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged
to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims, or run-off insurance. The need for run-off
insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate
an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

TKB has no operating history and is subject to
a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement if it does not complete an initial business combination by June 29, 2023.
As such, there is a risk that TKB will be unable to continue as a going concern if it does not consummate an initial business combination
by the applicable deadline. If TKB is unable to effect an initial business combination by the deadline, it will be forced to liquidate . 

TKB is a blank check company, and as TKB has no
operating history and is subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement, there is a risk that TKB will be unable
to continue as a going concern if it does not consummate an initial business combination by June 29, 2023. There can be no assurance that
TKB will complete a business combination by this time. If TKB does not complete its initial business combination by June 29, 2023, TKB
will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us (less taxes payable
and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and the Company board, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will
be less than 10.00 per share. TKB expects to consummate the proposed business combination with Wejo prior to June 29, 2023 and does not
currently intend to take any action to extend its life beyond the June 29, 2023 business combination deadline. 

29 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination
Company 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business
combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target
business with which we combine, as we have done on Wejo in connection with the proposed Business Combination, we cannot assure you that
this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with Wejo or another target business, that it would be possible to
uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of Wejo s or such other target
business s control and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down
or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a
manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact
on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities.
In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming
pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination
or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business
combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination with Wejo, or another target business, our public shareholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time, attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete the proposed
Business Combination with Wejo or an alternate initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, we may fail to complete our proposed Business Combination with Wejo or another initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust
Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination with Wejo, or another target business and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key
personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the
operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination with Wejo, or another target business, is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. Under the Business Combination
Agreement with Wejo, the Sponsor has the right to nominate two directors to serve on the post-closing board. We expect those two directors
to be Angela Blatteis and Philippe Tartavull. However the role of our key personnel, should we pursue an alternate target business cannot
presently be ascertained. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination
is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company
after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection
with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and
could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

30 

While we completed extensive due diligence on the
management of Wejo, we may not have discovered everything. If we are unable to complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, we
may have a limited ability to assess the management of an alternate target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our
initial business combination with a prospective target business, including Wejo, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose
to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

The officers and directors of Wejo or another acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business with Wejo or such other acquisition candidate. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel
upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members
of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business
combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control
of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business,
new management will possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We have structured the proposed Business Combination
with Wejo so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests
of Wejo. If we do not complete the Business Combination with Wejo, we may structure an alternate business combination similarly, but we
will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction
company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own
a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new TKB Class A Shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new TKB Class A Shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction
could own less than a majority of our outstanding TKB Class A Shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than
we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target
business. 

31 

If we effect our initial business combination with
a company located outside of the United States, such as Wejo, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely
affect us. 

If we pursue a target business with operations or
opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, such as Wejo, we may face additional burdens in connection
with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. Furthermore, we would be subject to risks
associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial
business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators
or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with
such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting,
including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

32 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars, including the war between Russia and Ukraine; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination or, if we complete such initial
business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification
claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers, directors
and advisors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers, directors and advisors have agreed to waive any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason
whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside
of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

33 

Past performance by our management team and their
affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance
by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that
we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of the
performance of our management team s or businesses associated with them as indicative of our future performance of an investment
in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward. 

If we are not able to complete the proposed Business
Combination with Wejo, we may seek alternate business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s
areas of expertise. 

If we are not able to complete the proposed Business
Combination with Wejo, we may consider an alternate business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business
combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for
our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we
cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment
in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business
combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise,
our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this
Annual Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we
elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly,
any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of
their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and
directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small
group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service
of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers
and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between the
completion of our proposed Business Combination with Wejo (or our search for an alternate business combination if we do not complete the
Business Combination with Wejo) and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of
our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may
be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week
to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers 
and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

34 

Our officers and directors presently have, and
any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently
has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved
in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our Articles provides
that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except
and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in,
any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the
other. Any such companies, businesses or ventures may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination.
However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts of interest would materially affect our ability to complete our proposed
Business Combination with Wejo or with any other potential target business. See the Registration Statement for a discussion of potential
conflicts of interest in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo. 

Our sponsor or officers intend to form other special
purpose acquisition companies in the future, which may occur prior our completing our initial business combination and could cause conflicts
of interest. 

Our sponsor or our officers intend to sponsor or form
other special purpose acquisition companies in the future, which may occur while we are still seeking an initial business combination.
Any such companies may pursue similar targets and compete with us for business combination opportunities. Any such companies may present
additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.
Consequently, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities and such opportunities may be presented to such other companies instead
of us. However, we do not currently expect that any such other special purpose acquisition company would materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, if we do
not complete the Business Combination with Wejo, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with
our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits
any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or
entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

35 

We may engage in a business combination with one
or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with
us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for
us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions
concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any
transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria
for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist
and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent
any conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and
directors will lose their entire investment in us if an initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to
public shares they have acquired or may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business
combination target, if we are unable to complete the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, is appropriate for our initial
business combination. 

On April 29, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to purchase
5,750,000 founder shares, or approximately 0.004 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor,
the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination.
In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,750,000 warrants, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, each exercisable
for one TKB Class A Share at 11.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 10,750,000, or 1.00 per warrant, that will also be
worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as June 29,
2023 nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds
from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those TKB Class A Shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein;
(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our memorandum and articles
of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023 or during any extended
period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a result of an amendment to our memorandum and articles
of association or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity; and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by June 29, 2023,
subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete
an initial business combination by June 29, 2023 is not completed for any reason, compliance with Cayman Islands law may require that
we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing shareholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our Trust
Account. In that case, public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond 20 months from the closing of our initial public offering before
they receive funds from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants.
Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

36 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our units, TKB Class A Shares and warrants are currently
listed on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial
business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain
certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum average global market capitalization and
a minimum number of holders of our securities. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required
to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing
requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally
be required to be at least 4.00 per share and the publicly held shares would be required to be at least 15 million and we would be required
to have a minimum of 400 round lot holders and 1,000,000 publicly held shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those
initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its
exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted
on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our TKB Class A Shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our TKB Class A
Shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for
our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of
1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our units, TKB Class A Shares and warrants have been approved to be listed on Nasdaq,
our units, TKB Class A Shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies,
other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers,
or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer
listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each
state in which we offer our securities. 

Holders of our TKB Class A Shares will not be entitled
to vote on any appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders
of our TKB Class B Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our TKB Class A Shares will not be entitled
to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders
of a majority of our TKB Class B Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any
say in the management of our company prior to the completion of an initial business combination. 

37 

An investment in our securities may result in uncertain
or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences . 

An investment in our securities may result in
uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar
to the units we issued in our initial public offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between
the TKB Class A Share and the one-half of a warrant to purchase one TKB Class A Share included in each unit could be challenged by the
Internal Revenue Service, the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants
included in the units we issued in our initial public offering is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption
rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether
any dividends we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As used herein, the term
 U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of our TKB Class A Shares or warrants
that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: an individual citizen or resident of the United States; a corporation (or other entity treated
as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof
or the District of Columbia; an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or a trust
if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S.
persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) it has in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations
a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and
other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. 

We may be a controlled foreign corporation
(CFC) which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If a U.S. shareholder owns 10 or more of our common
shares, it may be subject to increased U.S. federal income taxation under the CFC rules. A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as
a CFC for any particular taxable year, if U.S. persons (including individuals and entities) who own (directly, indirectly, or constructively)
10 or more of the voting power or value of shares, or 10 U.S. Shareholders, own, in the aggregate, more than 50 of the total combined
voting power or value of the shares. In determining whether a shareholder is treated as a 10 U.S. Shareholder, the voting power of the
shares and any special voting rights, such as to appoint directors, may also be taken into account. In addition, certain constructive
ownership rules apply, which attribute share ownership among certain family members and certain entities and their owners. Such constructive
ownership rules may also attribute share ownership to persons that are entitled to acquire shares pursuant to an option. Shareholders
who own, or contemplate owning, 10 or more of our shares (taking into account the impact of any share repurchases we may undertake and
the constructive ownership rules) are urged to consult their tax advisors. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company
(PFIC) which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable
year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder
may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. 

We believe we were a PFIC for our taxable year ended
December 31, 2022 and we may be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year. Our PFIC status for each taxable year will depend on
several factors, including the composition of our income and assets and the value of our assets (which may be determined in part by reference
to the market value of our TKB Class A Shares). Further, our PFIC status for the current taxable year or any other taxable year may not
be determined until after the close of the taxable year. 

Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect
to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any future taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we
will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder upon request such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement,
in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance
that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases.
We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

38 

We may re-domicile or reincorporate in another
jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, which may result in taxes imposed on shareholders and warrant holders. 

If we do not complete the Business Combination with
Wejo, we may, in connection with an alternate business combination, re-domicile or reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target
company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or
all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain
in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize
taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent
entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant
holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders and warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership
of us after the reincorporation. 

Registration of the TKB Class A Shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise
warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such
warrants to expire worthless. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have
agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement filed in connection
with our initial public offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the TKB Class A
Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective
within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the TKB Class A Shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in
the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference
therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

If the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, in which case the number of TKB Class A Shares that warrant holders will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula. 

In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration or qualification is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified
or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid
the full unit purchase price solely for the TKB Class A Shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from
registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not
exist for holders of the warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and
its transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants
while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If our TKB Class A Shares are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do
so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event
we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying
the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use commercially reasonable efforts
to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

39 

In no event will we be required to net cash settle
any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants
in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state
securities laws. 

Warrant holders may only be able to exercise your
public warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if a warrant holder does so, it will receive fewer
TKB Class A Shares from such exercise than if it were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

The warrant agreement provides that in the following
circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and will, instead, be required
to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have so
elected and the TKB Class A Shares is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so
elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant
exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of TKB Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product
of the number of TKB Class A Shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined
below) of our TKB Class A Shares (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value.
The fair market value for purposes of this calculation (other than in connection with a redemption) is the average last
reported sale price of the TKB Class A Shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. If
we have elected to call the public warrants for redemption when the price per TKB Class A Share equals or exceeds 18.00 per share, the
 fair market value for purposes of this calculation is the volume weighted average price of our TKB Class A Shares for the
10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. As a result, you
would receive fewer TKB Class A Shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

The registration rights granted to our initial
shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our TKB Class A Shares. 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into concurrently with our initial public offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register
the TKB Class A Shares that they hold (including TKB Class A Shares into which their TKB Class B Shares are convertible), holders of our
private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the TKB Class
A Shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital
loans may demand that we register such warrants or the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants and forward purchasers
can demand that we register the forward purchase securities. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. 

The registration and availability of such a significant
number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our TKB Class A Shares. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because
the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our TKB Class A Shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial
shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees
are registered. 

40 

If we complete an alternate initial business combination
in lieu of the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, we may issue additional TKB Class A Shares or preference shares to complete such
alternate initial business combination, and we may issue such shares under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue TKB Class A Shares upon the conversion of the TKB Class B Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of such alternate initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our memorandum and
articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our memorandum and articles of association authorizes
the issuance of up to 200,000,000 TKB Class A Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 TKB Class B Shares, par value 0.0001 per
share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of March 29, 2023, there are 11,116,704 and 100,000 issued
and outstanding TKB Class A Shares and TKB Class B Shares, respectively. The TKB Class B Shares are automatically convertible into TKB
Class A Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one
ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our memorandum and articles of association, including in certain circumstances
in which we issue TKB Class A Shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. Such anti-dilution adjustments
were waived in connection with the proposed Business combination. As of the date of this Annual Report, there are no preference shares
issued and outstanding. 

If we complete an alternate initial business combination
in lieu of the proposed Business Combination with Wejo we may issue additional ordinary shares to complete such alternate initial business
combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue TKB Class A Shares
to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the TKB Class B Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business
combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein in connection with such alternate initial business combination.
However, our memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may
not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a Class
with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association
to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond June 29, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These
provisions of our memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our memorandum and articles of association, may be amended
with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares, including pursuant to the forward purchase agreements: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of TKB Class A Shares if preference shares are issued with rights
senior to those afforded our TKB Class A Shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of TKB Class A Shares is issued, which may affect,
among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of
our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, TKB Class A Shares and/or warrants. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants and forward purchase warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could
be shortened and the number of TKB Class A Shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision but
requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants and forward purchase warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public
warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants and forward purchase warrants
approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of
the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then-outstanding private placement warrants.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
and forward purchase warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise
price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period
or decrease the number of TKB Class A Shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

41 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of
the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain
types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to
obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable
law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the
Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any
such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient
forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of
the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
or a foreign action, in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the
forum provisions, or an enforcement action, and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action
by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to
their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last
reported sale price of our TKB Class A Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third
trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. None of the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us in these circumstances for so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the
holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants
and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

42 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding
public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant, upon a minimum
of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, provided that the last reported sale price of our TKB Class A Shares equals or exceeds
 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any
20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided
that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number
of TKB Class A Shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our TKB Class A Shares. The value received
upon exercise of the warrants (i) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a
later time when the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including
because the number of TKB Class A Shares received is capped at 0.361 TKB Class A Shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective
of the remaining life of the warrants. 

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our TKB Class A Shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 11,500,000 TKB Class
A Shares as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering,
we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 10,750,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one TKB Class A Share
at 11.50 per share. We may also issue up to 4,800,000 forward purchase warrants in connection with the issuance of forward purchase securities
under the forward purchase agreements. Our initial shareholders currently own an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares, which consists
of 5,650,000 TKB Class A Shares held by our Sponsor which shares were converted from TKB Class B Shares on January 18, 2023, and 100,000
TKB Class B Shares held by our independent directors. In addition, if our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement
warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. 

To the extent we issue TKB Class A Shares for any
reason, including to effectuate the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of
additional TKB Class A Shares upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle
to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding TKB Class A Shares and reduce
the value of the TKB Class A Shares issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it
more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant
and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon
exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to
the nearest whole number the number of TKB Class A Shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar
to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the
units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants
will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase
one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause
our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it
more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (i) we issue additional TKB Class A Shares
or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly
Issued Price (as defined in the warrant agreement) of less than 9.20 per TKB Class A Share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value (as defined
in the warrant agreement) of our TKB Class A Shares is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

43 

An active trading market for our securities may
not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The price of our securities may vary significantly
due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases). Furthermore, an
active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities
unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Our warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability
and are recorded at fair value with any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our securities or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We currently have 22,250,000 warrants outstanding.
We account for these warrants as a warrant liability, which means that we record them at fair value with any changes in fair value each
period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third-party valuation firm.
The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities, including as a result
of increased volatility in our earnings due to fluctuations in the value of the warrants as well as increased costs associated with obtaining
such valuations. In addition, potential targets may seek a business combination partner that does not have warrants that are accounted
for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

General Risk Factors 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company incorporated under the
laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our
ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business
combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 124,237 in cash
and working capital deficit of 1,199,323. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our
acquisition plans. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans to address this need for capital are
discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this
Annual Report. The financial statements contained in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

44 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our TKB Class
A Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case, we would no longer be an emerging
growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we
will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted
out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until
the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 250 million
as of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and
the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equaled or exceeded 700 million as of the prior June 30 th .
To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other
public companies difficult or impossible. 

Provisions in our memorandum and articles of association
and Cayman Islands law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our
TKB Class A Shares and could entrench management. 

Our memorandum and articles of association contains
provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference
shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Provisions in our memorandum and articles of association
and Cayman Islands law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which
a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent
any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against
willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification
of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such,
except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We purchased a policy of directors and officers 
liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

45 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse
against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us
if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay
the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and
the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. 

As an early-stage company without significant investments
in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately
protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences,
or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the
Cayman Islands, your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the
laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our memorandum
and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the
Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action
against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands
law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from
comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of
persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and
certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman
Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

46 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal
counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely: (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities law of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions
brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances,
although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman
Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits
based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for
which judgment has been given, provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such
judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent
with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a
kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy or the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple
damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings
are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Proposals by the Biden administration could lead
to changes in tax laws that could negatively impact our effective tax rate and subject our shareholders to negative tax consequences. 

The Biden administration has proposed increases, among
other things, to the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 21 to 28 , and to the top tax rate on capital gains. If any of these (or similar)
proposals are ultimately enacted into law, in whole or in part, they could have a negative impact to our effective tax rate and subject
our shareholders to negative tax consequences. We cannot predict the likelihood, timing or substance of U.S. tax reform and will continue
to monitor the progress of U.S. tax reform, as well as other global tax reform initiatives. 

47 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We do not own any real estate or other physical properties
materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 400 Continental Blvd, Suite 600, El Segundo,
CA 90245 and our telephone number is 310-426-2055. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor. We have agreed to pay our
sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation
currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

48 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our units, TKB Class A Shares and warrants are each
traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols USCTU, USCT and USCTW, respectively. Our
units commenced public trading on October 27, 2021, and our TKB Class A Shares and warrants commenced separate public trading on December
17, 2021. 

Holders 

On March 29, 2023, there was one holder of
record of our units, two holder of records of our TKB Class A Shares, four holders of record of our TKB Class B Shares and two holders
of record of our warrants. 

Dividends 

We have not paid or declared any cash dividends on
our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of the board of directors at such time. Our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not
anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

On October 29, 2021, the Company consummated its initial
public offering of 23,000,000 units, including the issuance of 3,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their
over-allotment option in full. Each unit consists of one TKB Class A Share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of
one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one TKB Class A Share for 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 230,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public
offering, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 10,750,000 warrants to its sponsor, TKB Sponsor, LLC, at a purchase
price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 10,750,000. 

A total of 234,600,000 of the proceeds from the
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants were placed in a U.S.-based Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Following the Extension, we have approximately
 56,700,000 remaining in our Trust Account. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in the initial public offering, see Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

49 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of TKB s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements, including the related
notes, contained in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors 
and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman
Islands for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. While we
may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry, we currently intend to concentrate our efforts in identifying businesses
that provide critical technologies in the industrial base supply chain recognized by the United States Government to maintain technological
leadership, national security, and supply chain independence. Such vital technologies include, but are not limited to, advanced manufacturing,
artificial intelligence, automation, data security, energy storage and power management, financial technology (payment solution), industrial
software, internet of things IoT ), microelectronics, robotics, and wireless communications equipment. 

The issuance of additional shares in connection with
a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors, including pursuant to the forward purchase agreements: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution
would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the TKB Class B Shares resulted in the issuance of TKB Class A Shares on a greater than
one-to-one basis upon conversion of the TKB Class B Shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of TKB Class A Shares if preference shares are issued with rights
senior to those afforded our TKB Class A Shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of TKB Class A Shares are issued, which may affect,
among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of
our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership
or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our TKB Class A Shares and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant debt to banks or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our
ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

50 

our inability to pay dividends on our TKB Class A Shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce
the funds available for dividends on our TKB Class A Shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general
corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and
adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less
debt. 

We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit
of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination
will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On
January 10, 2023, TKB entered into the Business Combination Agreement with Wejo, Holdco and the Merger Subs. Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the terms and conditions specified therein, (i) Merger Sub 1 will
merge with and into TKB, with TKB continuing as the surviving company, and (ii) Merger Sub 2 will merge with Wejo, with Wejo continuing
as the surviving company, so that, immediately following the Closing, each of Wejo and TKB will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco.
The Closing is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023, following receipt of required approval by shareholders of TKB and Wejo
and the fulfillment or waiver of the other conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. On March 27, 2023, TKB and Wejo
entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement. 

For more information about the Business Combination
Agreement and the Business Combination, see our Registration Statement. Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report does not give effect
to the Business Combination and does not contain the risks associated with the Business Combination. The Business Combination is expected
to close in the second quarter of 2023, following receipt of required approval by shareholders of TKB and Wejo and the fulfillment or
waiver of the other conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Extension 

On January 27, 2023, the Company received shareholder
approval to amend its Articles to extend the date by which it must complete an initial business combination from January 29, 2023 to June
29, 2023. Shareholders also approved an amendment to the Trust Agreement to make a corresponding extension to the date the Company must
commence liquidation of the Trust Account from January 29, 2023 to June 29, 2023. In connection
with the vote to approve the Extension, the holders of 17,533,296 TKB Class A Shares properly
exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.38 per share, for an aggregate redemption
amount of approximately 181.9 million. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in the Company s Trust Account is
approximately 56.7 million. 

Wejo Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

On January 5, 2023, the Sponsor entered into the Wejo
Assignment, which was subsequently amended and restated on March 2, 2023, pursuant to which Wejo agreed to pay the Sponsor an aggregate
of 295,000 to fund TKB s working capital requirements and the Sponsor agreed to assign to Wejo, effective as of the Closing Date
or the earlier termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms or otherwise, an aggregate of 83,250 Founder
Shares and 250,000 Private Warrants. Wejo paid 250,000 to the Sponsor on January 11, 2023 and 45,000 to the Sponsor on March 2, 2023,
for an aggregate payment of 295,000. 

51 

The Sponsor subsequently advanced these funds
to TKB for working capital purposes. The advance is non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable in cash upon the consummation of TKB s
initial business combination. 

Working Capital Advance 

On January 26, 2023, in connection with the proposed
Business Combination, Sponsor and Wejo entered into the Phelan Note, which provides for working capital for TKB in an aggregate principal
amount of up to 750,000. The Phelan Note was amended and restated on March 9, 2023. As of January 30, 2023, TKB had drawn 250,000
under the Phelan Note. The Phelan Note is non-interest bearing and non-convertible. All unpaid principal accrued under the Phelan Note
will be repaid at the closing of the Business Combination or the earlier termination of the Business Combination Agreement in certain
circumstances specified in the Phelan Note. In consideration for the Phelan Note, Sponsor agreed to pay to the Lender at the closing of
the Business Combination a commitment fee equal to 50 of the then-outstanding principal balance of the Phelan Note up to a maximum of
 375,000. If the Business Combination does not close, the commitment fee will not be paid. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for our initial
public offering. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. Our expenses have increased substantially after the closing of our
initial public offering as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as
well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
income of 11,245,341 which consists of the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 10,197,175 and interest earned on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 3,383,885, offset by formation and operational costs of 2,335,719. 

For the period from April 20, 2021 (inception),
through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 8,644,188, which consists of a change in fair value of the warrant liability of
 10,457,500 and unrealized gains and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,950, offset by
formation and operational costs of 1,817,262. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

Until the consummation of the initial public offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of founder shares by our sponsor, TKB Sponsor, LLC, for 25,000 and a 300,000 loan
from our sponsor which has been repaid in full in connection with the closing of the IPO. 

On October 29, 2021, we consummated the initial public
offering of 23,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option
in the amount of 3,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public
offering, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 10,750,000 warrants to our sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per
private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 10,750,000. 

A total of 234,600,000 of the proceeds from the
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants were placed in a U.S.-based Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

Transaction costs of the initial public offering
amounted to 21,140,059, consisting of 3,850,000 of underwriting discount, 8,800,000 of deferred underwriting discount, 7,748,431 of
excess fair value of founder shares and 741,628 of actual offering costs. Of these amounts, 19,774,814 was recorded to additional paid-in
capital and 1,365,245 costs related to the warrant liability was expensed immediately using the residual allocation method. 

52 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used
in operating activities was 606,240. Net income of 11,245,341 was adjusted by 3,383,885 of interest income on marketable securities
held in trust, 10,197,175 change in fair value of warrant liabilities, and 1,729,479 changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

For the period from April 20, 2021 (inception),
through December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 837,851. Net income of 8,644,188 was adjusted by 3,950 of unrealized
gains and interest income on marketable securities held in trust, 1,365,245 transaction costs incurred in connection with the IPO, 10,457,500
change in fair value of warrant liabilities, and 385,834 of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 237,987,827 (including approximately 3,387,827 of interest income and unrealized gains) consisting of securities
held in a money market fund that invests in U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity of 185 days or less. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 124,237
held outside the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses,
perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses
and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 

We expect that we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. We expect to incur
significant costs related to identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within
one year from the date that the financial statements are issued. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we will
repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up
to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at
the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans, if any, have not
been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination,
we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will
be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

On January 27, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary
general meeting (the Extraordinary General Meeting ). At the Extraordinary
General Meeting, the shareholders approved a proposal (the Extension Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles to extend the date that the Company has to consummate a business combination from January 29, 2023 to June 29, 2023 (the Extension
Amendment ). The shareholders also approved a proposal (the Trust Agreement
Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by
and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as trustee (the Trust
Agreement ), to make a corresponding extension to the date the Company must commence liquidation of the Trust Account from
January 29, 2023, to June 29, 2023. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 17,533,296
TKB Class A Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.38 per share,
for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 181.9 million. 

The Company s assessed going concern considerations
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Basis of Presentation Going Concern . The Company has until June 29, 2023 (absent any extensions of
such period by the Company s public shareholders) to consummate a Business Combination. While the Company intends to complete a
Business Combination by such date, it is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate the proposed Business Combination by that
time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the
Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and
potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after June 29, 2023. 

53 

Going Concern 

We have until June 29, 2023 to consummate a Business
Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not
consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that the mandatory
liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to
liquidate after June 29, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which
would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or other long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

We have an agreement to pay our sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on October 29, 2021 and will continue
to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters of the initial public offering are
entitled to a deferred fee 8,800,000. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that we complete our initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates include the fair value of warrant liabilities, which requires a Black-Scholes model to fair value the warrants.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

The Company accounts for the warrants as either
equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative
guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and
ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition
of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements from equity classification under ASC 815, including
whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment,
which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period
end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

54 

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the
criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time
of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to
be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair
value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. See Note 9 for valuation methodology
of warrants. 

TKB Class A Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a
liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature
redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not
solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders 
deficit. The Company s ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s
control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section
of the Company s balance sheets. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional
paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income Per Ordinary Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The Company has two classes of ordinary shares, which are
referred to as TKB Class A Shares and TKB Class B Shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of ordinary shares.
Accretion associated with the redeemable TKB Class A Shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair
value. The calculation of diluted income per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) IPO
and (ii) the private placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are
exercisable to purchase 22,250,000 TKB Class A Shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any
dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings
of the Company. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ),
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes
certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies
the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023,
including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if
any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC
Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820
to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure
requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders
and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2022-03 would have on its financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. 

55 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule
12b-2 under the Exchange Act. As a result, pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information required
by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Our financial statements and notes thereto begin on
page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying
Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report,
due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial
instruments. 

On February 11, 2022, the audit committee of the
TKB board, after consultation with TKB management, concluded that TKB s Audited Balance Sheet as of October 29, 2021 included as
Exhibit 99.1 to TKB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2021, contained
an error relating to the value of the TKB Class A Shares subject to redemption, which should have been recorded as 234,600,000 10.20
per share) instead of 230,000,000 10.00 per share). In light of this error, it was determined that the Audited Balance Sheet should
be no longer be relied upon, and TKB filed a restated audited balance sheet. As part of such restatement process, TKB identified a material
weakness in its internal controls over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments (including redeemable
equity instruments as described above). In light of this material weakness, we have enhanced our
processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the
complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including making greater use of third-party professionals with whom
we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we
can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. We believe our efforts will enhance our controls
relating to accounting for complex financial transactions, but we can offer no assurance that our controls will not require additional
review and modification in the future as industry accounting practice may evolve over time. 

We do not expect
that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no
matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions . 

56 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other than as discussed above, there have been no changes to our internal
control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules
and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that
 our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting.
Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further
improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding
complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing
accounting professionals. 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Officers and Directors 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Angela Blatteis 
 
 62 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Greg Klein 
 
 56 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Philippe Tartavull 
 
 65 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 Frank Levinson 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Herson 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Ryan O Hara 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 William Zerella 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Angela Blatteis serves as our Co-Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a Director. Angela has over 30 years of experience in private equity and investment banking.
She has served as a Managing Partner of TKB Capital since 2019. Prior to TKB Capital, Angela served as Co-Founder, CEO and CFO of Soupure
from 2014 to 2019, a startup food company that distributed soup to consumers and businesses. From 1996 to 2015, Angela served as Managing
Director (1996-2012) and Ambassador (2012-2015) of The Gores Group Gores ),
a global investment firm. During her time at Gores, Angela led several high-profile acquisitions and divestitures, including the Verifone
transaction in which Gores sold Verifone to GTCR LLC, a private equity firm, and then Gores and GTCR took Verifone public (NYSE: PAY).
She was also actively involved in taking Anker Systems (AIM: ANK) public through the London Alternative Investment Market. While at Gores,
Angela also co-headed Global Equity Capital, a Gores-related entity, in which she completed highly successful transactions, including
Sound Design Technologies, Scovill Fasteners, the take-private transaction of The Clark Group (AMEX: GLA), and the take-private transaction
and subsequent merger of Halifax Corporation (OTPCK: HALX) with another enterprise logistics business that was purchased as a carve-out
from Northrop Grumman. Prior to Gores, Angela worked in investment banking focusing on mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, and risk arbitrage
at First Boston and Cowen Company from 1987 to 1991. She served on the board of directors at Interlink Electronics (NASDAQ:LINK)
(2013-2020) and Hyperspace (2005-2006). Angela has also served on the Advisory Council to the Dean for the University of Chicago 
Booth School of Business since 2012, is currently a council member for GLG Associates, and was previously on the Advisory Board of First
Foundation s Los Angeles-based private bank. She earned an M.B.A. in Finance from the University of Chicago - Booth School of Business
and a B.A. in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley. Angela was selected to serve on our board due to her extensive
experience with acquisitions and divestitures of both public and private companies. 

Greg Klein serves as our Co-Chief Executive
Officer and a Director. Greg is a serial entrepreneur with over 35 years of deep operational experience building scalable and sustainable
companies in the industrials, software, engineering services, supply chain, payments, and marketing services sectors. Greg co-founded
TKB Capital in 2017 and has been a Managing Partner since then. From 2000 to 2017, he founded and led KleinPartners Capital Corporation,
a middle-market investment firm that acquired, scaled, and sold businesses with operations in North America, Europe, Asia, and the Middle
East. Greg has completed 30 transactions and divestitures, including EPEC LLC, in which, as Executive Chairman, the team experienced exponential
sales growth, transforming EPEC LLC from a low tech regional printed circuit board manufacturing company into a global engineered products
technology company. Prior to KleinPartners Capital Corporation, he founded and sold multiple companies by the age of 35, including Premiere
Marketing, which was listed twice on the INC 500 Fastest Growing Companies and was originally listed at #64, when Greg was 25 years old.
Greg is a co-founder and Chairman Emeritus of YPO Pacific Gold, a global leadership community of chief executives. He most recently served
as Chairman of EPEC LLC (2002-2021) and is a director of multiple non-profit businesses. He earned his B.A. from the University of California
at Los Angeles. Greg was chosen to serve on our board due to his experience in building and divesting companies across the technology
industry. 

58 

Philippe Tartavull serves as our Executive
Chairman. Philippe has over 35 years of experience leading public and private global technology companies in the infrastructure, industrials,
payments and telecommunications, convergence of technologies, hardware and software sectors. Since 2017, Mr. Tartavull has served as a
member of the board of trustees of the American University in Paris. He co-founded TKB Capital in 2017 and has been a managing partner
since then. From 2012 through 2016, Philippe served as President and CEO of Xura/Comverse, Comverse Network Systems Xura ),
where he helped to transform Xura into a leading provider of software and systems for value-added services through a number of divestitures
and acquisitions. Through this process, Xura was sold to a private equity firm. Prior to Xura, he served as CEO, President, and Director
of Hypercom Corporation (NYSE:HYC) (2007-2011), during which Hypercom doubled revenues though organic growth and strategic transactions
with the acquisition of the European-headquartered Thales POS division. Hypercom was sold to VeriFone (NYSE: PAY) in 2011. Prior to Hypercom
Corporation, Philippe was the President and CEO of Oberthur Technologies USA (now called IDEMIA) from 1998 to 2007, in which he worked
to significantly grow revenue and expand Oberthur into new verticals, namely security and telecommunications through organic growth and
through the integration of a subsidiary of De La Rue USA. Prior to IDEMIA, Philippe served as President and CEO of Syesca USA, a Thales
Company and provider of system integration and mission critical software for the transportation and utility industries, from 1988 to 1998.
Philippe has served on the board of public and private companies including Composecure, which completed its merger with Roman DBDR Tech
Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, in December 2021 (2015-2021); Hypercom Corporation (2007-2011); XURA/Comverse,
MRV Communications (OTCQB:MRVC) (2009-2011); and Wilcox Inc. (1996-1998), which is now a part of Thales USA, Inc. He earned his M.B.A.
from the Institut d Administration des Entreprises, Sorbonne University, his M.S. in Engineering from cole Nationale Sup rieure
des P troles et des Moteurs, and his B.S. in Engineering from SUPMECA (previously named Centre d tudes Sup rieures
des Techniques Industrielles). 

Frank Levinson serves on our board of directors.
Frank is an active venture investor, seasoned entrepreneur and inventor on over 50 patents, with experience in fiber optic components,
communication networks, optical sensing and various areas of clean tech. Since 2010, Frank has served as general partner
and been an active investor with Phoenix Venture Partners PVP ), an investment
firm that focuses on material science and photonic innovation companies. Frank also serves as the Managing Director of Small World Group
Ventures LLC. Prior to PVP, Frank co-founded and served as CTO and Chairman of Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR), an optical communications
component company, from 1988 to 2008 and led the company from self-funding to its IPO in 1999. Finisar was acquired by II-IV Incorporated
in 2019. His other previous roles include Optical Systems Manager of Ericsson Raynet (1985-1988) and Technical Staff Member of Bell Labs
(1980-1984). Frank s previous and current board experience includes Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) (2001-present), Sentinel Monitor Systems
(2015-2021), Rapsodo (2015-present), Vixar (2006-2018), and Interlink Electronics (NASDAQ:LINK) (2014-2020). He earned a Ph.D. and an
M.A. in Astronomy from the University of Virginia and a B.S. in Mathematics and Physics from Butler University. Frank was chosen to serve
on our board due to his vast experience with both public and private technology companies. 

Michael Herson serves on our board of directors.
Since 1995, Michael has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of American Defense International, Inc., which is a Washington
D.C.-based defense government affairs firm providing lobbying, business development and strategic consulting to over 80 clients in the
United States and overseas. He has been quoted as a political and defense expert in many national and Washington publications such as
The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Boston Globe, Businessweek, Investor s Business Daily, The
Huffington Post, Politico, The Hill and Roll Call and has been interviewed on National Public Radio, XM Talk Radio 168. He is also a regular
guest on the Defense Aerospace Report podcast. Defense News has recognized him as one of the Top 100 influential people in U.S.
Defense and The Hill newspaper named him as one of the top lobbyists in Washington. Michael has also served as a member of the board of
directors of the Bronx Freedom Fund from 2013 to 2020. Michael earned a B.A. in American Government from Georgetown University, a J.D.
from Rutgers University School of Law, and an M.S. in National Security Studies from Georgetown University. He also serves on the board
of many national security and defense-related organizations as well as charitable organizations and was awarded the Secretary of Defense
Medal for Outstanding Public Service in 1993. Michael was chosen to serve on our board due to his considerable experience in the defense
industry. 

Ryan O Hara serves on our board of directors.
Ryan has extensive leadership and general management experience across a range of technology, internet, e-commerce, media, entertainment,
sports, and consumer product companies, including serving as CEO for three companies: Shutterfly (2019), Realtor.com (2015-2019), and
Topps Company (2010-2013). Ryan has a deep understanding of product, content, corporate development, business operations and strategy,
M A, advertising sales, packaged goods, and profit and loss management. Ryan is currently a board member at Offerpad Solutions Inc.
(NYSE: OPAD) (2021-present), Thryv Holdings (NASDAQ:THRY) (2020-present) and Stanford Longevity Center (2020-present). Previously, Ryan
held public company board seats at REA (ASX: REA) (2017-2019) and Shutterfly (NASDAQ: SFLY) (2019), and was also a private board observer
at Matterport (2017-2019). Ryan holds a Directors Certificate from Harvard Business School. He earned an M.B.A in Business Administration
and General Management from Harvard Business School and a B.A. in Economics at Stanford University where he was a member of the NCAA runner-up
Men s Volleyball Team. Ryan was chosen to serve on our board due to his management experience in the technology sector. 

59 

William Zerella serves on our board of
directors. William is an accomplished financial executive and business operator with over 20 years of experience building and scaling
companies through an IPO, including leading three companies through a public listing. He currently serves as CFO of ACV Auctions (NASDAQ:
ACVA), a vehicle dealer auction technology platform, and previously served as CFO for Luminar Technologies (NASDAQ:LAZR) (2018-2020),
FitBit (NYSE:FIT) (2014-2018), Vocera Communications (NYSE:VCRA) (2011-2014), Force10 Networks (acquired by Dell) (2006-2011), and Infinera
Corporation (NASDAQ: INFN) (2004-2006). He has served as on the board of directors for GroundTruth (2016-2021) and Chaserg Technology
Acquisition Corporation (2018-2020). He earned an M.B.A. in Finance from New York University Stern School of Business and a B.S.
in Accounting from the New York Institute of Technology. William was selected to serve on our board due to his experience serving as CFO
on numerous publicly traded entities. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of seven members and
is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq.
The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Frank Levinson and Ryan O Hara, will expire at our first annual
general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Michael Herson and William Zerella, will expire at
the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Angela Blatteis, Greg Klein and Philippe
Tartavull, will expire at the third annual general meeting. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination,
any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our TKB Class B Shares. In addition,
prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our TKB Class B Shares may remove a member of the
board of directors for any reason. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each of our audit committee and our compensation committee is composed solely of independent
directors. The rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors. Each committee will operate under a charter that has been approved by our board and will have the composition
and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board
of directors. William Zerella, Michael Herson and Frank Levinson serve as members of our audit committee, and William Zerella chairs the
audit committee. All members of our audit committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our sponsor. 

60 

Our board of directors has determined that each member
of the audit committee is financially literate and that William Zerella qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other
registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with
the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent
registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal
quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities,
within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such
issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the
board of directors. Frank Levinson, Ryan O Hara, and William Zerella serve as members of our compensation committee, and Frank Levinson
chairs the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive
Officer s compensation evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to compensation and any incentive compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

61 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements
for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid
to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of
an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee
may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and
will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging
or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee though
we intend to form a nominating and corporate governance as and when required to so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2)
of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by our board of directors.
Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or
approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration
and recommendation of director nominees are Ryan O Hara, Michael Herson, Frank Levinson and William Zerella. In accordance with
Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have
a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director
for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Advisors to the Board of Directors 

We formed an advisory board comprised of four members,
which appointments took effect upon the closing of our initial public offering. Such individuals assist our management team with sourcing
and evaluating business opportunities and devising plans and strategies to optimize any business that we acquire. The advisors are neither
paid nor reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the search of acquisition targets before or after the consummation
of our initial business combination. We have not currently entered into any formal arrangements or agreements with the members of our
advisory board to provide services to us and they will have no fiduciary obligations to present business opportunities to us. 

62 

Availability of Documents 

We filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics, our
audit committee charter and our compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement filed in connection with our
initial public offering. You may also review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov.
In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. 

If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other
than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision
of the Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller
or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such
amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus or in
any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers or directors have received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the
earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we pay, and will continue to pay, an affiliate of our
sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. In addition,
our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside
the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls
in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements, no cash compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our
sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination.
Our directors have each received interests in our sponsor representing an indirect interest in 25,000 founder shares as compensation for
their service. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination, including the Registration Statement filed in connection
with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the
combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board
of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the
independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it
is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

63 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves, and
in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of TKB ordinary shares as of March 29, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below,
with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by TKB to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of TKB s outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of TKB s executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all TKB s executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 11,116,704 TKB Class A Shares (which includes TKB Class A Shares that are underlying the TKB Units) and 100,000
 Class B ordinary share outstanding as of March 29, 2023. The TKB Class B Shares will
be convertible into TKB Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment) concurrently with or immediately following the consummation
of the Business Combination. The table below does not include the TKB Class A Shares underlying the TKB Public Warrants or Private Warrants
because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Annual Report. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

TKB Class A Shares 
 TKB Class B Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 of Class 
 Total Voting Power 
 
 TKB Sponsor I, LLC (our sponsor) (3) 
 5,650,000 
 50.8 
 0 
 
 50.4 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 
 2,433,565 
 22.9 
 0 
 
 22.9 
 
 Atalaya Capital Management LP (5) 
 1,900,000 
 17.1 
 0 
 
 16.9 
 
 Millennium Management LLC (7) 
 992,538 
 8.9 
 0 
 
 8.9 
 
 Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP (8) 
 700,000 
 6.3 
 0 
 
 6.2 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (9) 
 1,837,920 
 16.5 
 0 
 
 16.4 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (10) 
 1,365,858 
 12.3 
 0 
 
 12.2 
 
 Angela Blatteis (3) 
 5,650,000 
 50.8 
 0 
 
 50.4 
 
 Greg Klein (3) 
 5,650,000 
 50.8 
 0 
 
 50.4 
 
 Philippe Tartavull (3) 
 5,650,000 
 50.8 
 0 
 
 50.4 
 
 Frank Levinson (6) 
 0 
 0.0 
 25,000 
 25.0 

Michael Herson (6) 
 0 
 0.0 
 25,000 
 25.0 

Ryan O Hara (6) 
 0 
 0.0 
 25,000 
 25.0 

William Zerella (6) 
 0 
 0.0 
 25,000 
 25.0 

All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 
 5,650,000 
 50.8 
 100,000 
 100.0 
 51.3 

64 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the foregoing is 400 Continental Blvd, Suite 600, El Segundo, CA 90245. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of TKB Class B Shares. Such shares are convertible into TKB Class A Shares from time to time and will automatically convert into TKB Class A Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 TKB Sponsor is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Each of Ms. Blatteis, Mr. Klein and Mr. Tartavull owns interests in TKB Sponsor and is a manager of TKB Sponsor and may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of such shares. Each of Ms. Blatteis, Mr. Klein and Mr. Tartavull disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of his or her pecuniary interest therein. 

(4) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, by Saba Capital Management, L.P. Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC Saba GP and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. Each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein has shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 2,433,565 TKB Class A Shares. The business address of each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein, as reported in the Schedule 13G/A, is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(5) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021 by Atalaya Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP ASPIF II ), ACM ASOF VII (Cayman) Holdco LP ASOF ), ACM Alameda Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP Alameda and Atalaya Capital Management LP ACM ). Each of ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda and ACM has shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 458,850 TKB Class A Shares, 633,270 TKB Class A Shares, 807,880 TKB Class A Shares and 1,900,000 TKB Class A Shares, respectively. The TKB Class A Shares are directly held by ASPIF II, ASOF and Alameda (the Direct Holders ). As the investment manager of each of the Direct Holders, ACM has the power to vote and direct the disposition of all TKB Class A Shares held by the Direct Holders. The business address of each of ASPIF II, ASOF, Alameda and ACM, as reported in the Schedule 13G, is One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10020. 

(6) 
 Excludes ordinary shares in which such person has an indirect interest through the TKB Sponsor as to which such person does not have beneficial ownership. 

(7) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 3, 2023, by Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management, LLC and Israel A. Englander. Such shares are held by entities subject to voting control and investment discretion by Millennium Management LLC and/or other investment managers that may be controlled by Millennium Group Management LLC (the managing member of Millennium Management LLC) and Mr. Englander (the sole voting trustee of the managing member of Millennium Group Management LLC). The foregoing should not be construed in and of itself as an admission by Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC or Mr. Englander as to beneficial ownership of the securities held by such entities. The business address of each of Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC, and Mr. Englander is 399 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. 

(8) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023 by M.H. Davidson Co. CO ), Davidson Kempner Partners DKP ), Davidson Kempner Institutional Partners, L.P. DKIP ), Davidson Kempner International, Ltd. DKIL ), Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP DKCM ), and Anthony A. Yoseloff. DKCM acts as investment manager to each of CO, DKP, DKIP, and DKIL. Mr. Yoseloff, through DKCM, is responsible for the voting and investment decisions relating to the securities held by CO, DKP, DKIP, and DKIL. The business address of each of CO, DKP, DKIP, DKIL, DKCM and Mr. Yoseloff is 520 Madison Avenue, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

(9) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Glazer Capital, LLC Glazer Capital and Paul J. Glazer. Glazer Capital serves as the investment manager of certain funds and managed accounts Glazer Funds ). Mr. Glazer is managing member of Glazer Capital and may be deemed to have ultimate voting and dispositive power over the shares held by the Glazer Funds. The business address of Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer is 250 W. 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, NY 10019. 

65 

(10) 
 Shares beneficially owned are based on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 22, 2023, by Shaolin Capital Management LLC Shaolin ). Shaolin serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd., MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC, DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC and Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC being managed accounts advised by the Shaolin. The business address of Shaolin is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On April 29, 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000 to
purchase 5,750,000 founder shares, or approximately 0.004 per share. On May 11, 2021, our Sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to
each of our independent directors. In connection with the IPO, each of the Sponsor and our independent directors agreed, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign, or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion
of our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar
transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their public shares
for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the closing price of TKB Class A Shares exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
business combination, the founder shares would be released from the lock-up. Our Sponsor and independent directors did not receive additional
consideration for this lock-up. In connection with the proposed Business Combination, Wejo and TKB have agreed to terminate such lock-up
effective as of the Closing. 

Effective as of January 18, 2023, pursuant
to the terms of the Articles, the Sponsor elected to convert each outstanding Class B ordinary share held by it on a one-for-one basis
into TKB Class A Shares , with immediate effect. 

Pursuant to the Sponsor Voting Agreement, such
Relevant TKB Shareholders have agreed to vote or cause to be voted any shares beneficially owned by such shareholders (or that may otherwise
become beneficially owned by them prior to the shareholder vote) (i) in favor of (A) a proposal to approve the TKB Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and (B) all of the matters, actions and proposals that would reasonably
be expected to facilitate the consummation of the TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement
at every shareholders meeting of TKB during the term of the Sponsor Voting Agreement. Further, each Relevant TKB Shareholder has
agreed not to redeem any of its shares in connection with the TKB Merger or the Extension. In addition, each Relevant TKB Shareholder
has agreed that, with limited exceptions provided therein, during the period from the date of the Sponsor Voting Agreement until termination
thereof, he, she or it will not transfer, directly or indirectly, any such shares. 

Further, pursuant to the Sponsor Voting Agreement,
the Sponsor shall, immediately prior to, and subject to the Closing, forfeit and surrender irrevocably for no consideration and without
any further action by any party, up to an aggregate amount equal to 1,725,000 TKB Class B Shares and 3,225,000 Private Warrants (inclusive
of any TKB Class B Shares and Private Warrants that Sponsor has agreed to forfeit in favor of the entities entered into forward purchase
agreements at the time of TKB s initial public offering (the Sponsor Inducement Securities )), as Sponsor may
determine in its sole discretion, in order to secure the financing commitments referred to in the Business Combination Agreement or private
investments in public equity of TKB, non-redemptions of TKB ordinary shares from existing TKB shareholders and private investments in
public equity of TKB; provided that with respect to any Sponsor Inducement Securities that are not forfeited by Sponsor at or prior to
the Closing, 50 of such non-forfeited Sponsor Inducement Securities shall be transferred to Wejo effective immediately upon Closing. 

66 

Private Placement Warrants 

Our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,750,000 Private
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 10,750,000, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial
public offering. Each TKB Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one TKB Class A Shares at 11.50 per share. The Private Warrants
(including the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Agreements with Anchor Investors 

On October 8, 2021, the Sponsor entered into agreements
with certain funds managed by Apollo Capital Management, L.P. (collectively, Apollo ), certain funds managed by Atalaya
Capital Management, LP Atalaya and Meteora Capital Partners, L.P. and funds affiliated with Meteora Capital Partners,
L.P. (collectively Meteora (individually and collectively, the anchor investors ). Each of the
anchor investors purchased 9.9 of the TKB Units in the IPO (excluding TKB Units issued in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment
option). Each of Apollo and Atalaya agreed to purchase interests in the Sponsor representing approximately 7 of the Founder Shares and
Private Warrants at approximately the cost of such securities to the Sponsor, with the Sponsor s obligation to sell some or all
of such interests conditioned upon such anchor investor s purchase of the TKB Units. 

Meteora entered into a separate agreement with
the Sponsor pursuant to which it agreed to purchase interests in the Sponsor representing approximately 6.22 of the number of Founder
Shares that are approximately equal to 4.27 of the cost of the Founder Shares and Private Warrants to the Sponsor. 

The anchor investors acquired from the Sponsor
an indirect economic interest in an aggregate of 1,173,000 Founder Shares at the original purchase price that the Sponsor paid for the
Founder Shares. The Sponsor has agreed to distribute the Founder Shares to the anchor investors after the completion of a Business Combination.
The anchor investors hold an indirect economic interest in an aggregate of 1,505,000 warrants, reflecting 14 of total Private Warrants. 

TKB entered into separate forward purchase agreements
(the Forward Purchase Agreements with Apollo and Atalaya the Forward Purchasers on
August 13, 2021 and August 4, 2021, respectively. The Forward Purchase Agreements provide, at TKB s option, for the aggregate purchase
of up to 9,600,000 TKB Class A Shares and 4,800,000 TKB Public Warrants for an aggregate price of 96.0 million 10.00 for one TKB Class
A Share and one-half of one TKB Public Warrant), in private placements that will close concurrently with the closing of our initial business
combination. The forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants will be identical to the TKB Class A Shares and TKB Public Warrants
included in the TKB Units sold in the IPO. Each Forward Purchaser s commitment under its Forward Purchase Agreement is subject to
certain conditions including investment committee approval. 

Wejo Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

On January 5, 2023, the Sponsor entered into the Wejo
Assignment, which was subsequently amended and restated on March 2, 2023, pursuant to which Wejo agreed to pay the Sponsor an aggregate
of 295,000 to fund TKB s working capital requirements and the Sponsor agreed to assign to Wejo, effective as of the Closing Date
or the earlier termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms or otherwise, an aggregate of 83,250 Founder
Shares and 250,000 Private Warrants. Wejo paid 250,000 to the Sponsor on January 11, 2023 and 45,000 to the Sponsor on March 2, 2023,
for an aggregate payment of 295,000. The Sponsor then advanced such funds to TKB. 

67 

Working Capital Advance 

On January 26, 2023, in connection with the proposed
Business Combination, Sponsor and Wejo entered into the Phelan Note, which provides for working capital for TKB in an aggregate principal
amount of up to 750,000. The Phelan Note was amended and restated on March 9, 2023. As of January 30, 2023, Sponsor had drawn
 250,000 under the Phelan Note. The Phelan Note is non-interest bearing and non-convertible. All unpaid principal accrued under the Phelan
Note will be repaid at the closing of the Business Combination or the earlier termination of the Business Combination Agreement in certain
circumstances specified in the Phelan Note. In consideration for the Phelan Note, Sponsor agreed to pay to the Lender at the closing of
the Business Combination a commitment fee equal to 50 of the then-outstanding principal balance of the Phelan Note up to a maximum of
 375,000. If the Business Combination does not close, the commitment fee will not be paid. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We currently utilize office space at 400 Continental
Blvd, Suite 600, El Segundo, CA 90245 from our sponsor. We pay an affiliate of our sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial
and administrative services provided to members of our management team. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

Related Party Notes and Advances 

TKB Sponsor entered into an agreement with TKB to
loan TKB funds up to 300,000 under an unsecured promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of the public offering. These
loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were paid in full at the closing of the public offering. 

Working Capital Loan 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, TKB Sponsor or an affiliate of TKB Sponsor or certain of TKB s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan TKB funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. When TKB completes its initial
business combination, TKB will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, TKB may use
a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would
be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at
a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Warrants. Except as set forth
above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

Any of the foregoing payments to the Sponsor,
repayments of loans from the Sponsor or repayments of working capital loans or advances prior to the initial business combination will
be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. 

Registration Rights 

TKB entered into a registration rights agreement with
respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants, warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and forward
purchase securities that may be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (and any TKB Class A Shares issuable upon the exercise
of the private placement warrants, forward purchase warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the working capital loans
and upon conversion of the TKB Class B Shares). 

Additionally, in connection with the Business
Combination, a t the Closing, Holdco, Wejo, TKB, the Sponsor and certain other security holders of
TKB will enter into the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which, upon completion of the Business Combination, the Holdco Common
Shares, Holdco Warrants and certain other registrable securities described therein held by the Sponsor and the other security holders
of TKB party thereto will bear customary registration rights. 

68 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of the TKB board adopted a
policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. 
A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which TKB was or
is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average
of the company s total assets at year-end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction
(without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material
interest. Related parties under this policy include: (i) TKB directors, nominees for director or executive officers; (ii)
any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of TKB voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the
foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related person pursuant to
Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee of the TKB board will consider (i) the
relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that
could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest
in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes
the relationship underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders, and (v) the effect that the
transaction may have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the
board s committees. TKB management will present to the audit committee of the TKB board each proposed related party transaction,
including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, TKB may consummate related party transactions only
if the audit committee of the TKB Board approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy.
The policy does not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person
transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing
standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally
as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which,
in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Levinson, Herson, O Hara and
Zerella are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid
to Marcum LLP Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by
Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of
our annual financial statements, and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 125,840
and 50,470, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning
and tax advice for the period from April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other
services for the period from April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

69 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 to F-28 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statements are omitted because they
are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements
and notes thereto in this Item 15 of Part IV below. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

70 

TKB
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of
 Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of
 Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of
 Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial
 Statements 
 
 F-7
 to F-28 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 TKB
Critical Technologies I 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of TKB Critical Technologies I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon the consummation of
a business combination and it lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is
considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Further, if the Company does not complete a business combination
by June 29, 2023, or obtain approval for an extension of this deadline, it will be required to cease all operations except for the purpose
of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for
Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2021 

, NY 
April 3, 2023 

F- 2 

TKB
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses - current 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current assets 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Prepaid expenses non-current 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriter fee payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

TKB
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year ended December 31,
 2022 
 For the Period from 
 April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest income on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Other income 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

TKB
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 20, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholder 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance April 20, 2021 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares 

Deemed capital contribution from sale of private placement warrants 

Excess fair value of anchor investor shares 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Payments by Sponsor in excess of promissory note 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

TKB
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from 
 April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Allocation of deferred offering cost for warrant liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payment of offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor 

Proceeds from sale of Units 

Payment of underwriting fee 

Proceeds from sale of Private Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Deferred offering costs from initial public offering 

Payments by Sponsor in excess of promissory note related party 
 
 Other 

Net cash (used in) provided by Financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Initial measurement of public warrants and private placement warrants 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor for Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor under promissory note 

Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

TKB
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

units (the Units ),
including 
 Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriters 
exercise of their over-allotment option in full, at 
 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 
 Private Placement Warrants (the Private
Placement Warrants at a price of 
 per Private Warrant in a private placement to
TKB Sponsor I, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating proceeds of . 

Transaction
costs of the IPO amounted to 21,140,059, consisting of 3,850,000 of underwriting discount, 8,800,000 of deferred underwriting discount,
 7,748,431 excess fair value of founder shares and 741,628 of offering costs. Of these amounts, 19,774,814 was recorded to additional
paid-in capital and 1,365,245 costs related to the warrant liability was expensed immediately using the residual allocation method. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on October 29, 2021, 
 
 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account ), located in the United States, which will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth
in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds
itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination; and (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares (as
defined below) properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation; and (iii) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business
Combination within 15 months from October 29, 2021 (or any extended period of time that the Company may have to consummate an initial
Business Combination as a result of an amendment to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) (the Combination
Period ), the closing of the IPO. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete a Business Combination with one or more operating businesses or assets that together have an aggregate fair market value
equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable
on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with its initial
Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target business or assets sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection
with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the
Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The public shareholder
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account 10.20 per Public Share
initially, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
its tax obligations and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of
the Business Combination. The per-share amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 8). There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

The
Company will only proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 
 either prior to or upon such consummation of
a Business Combination and if the Company seeks shareholder approval. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, the Company will complete
its Business Combination only if the Company receives approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, or (ii) if so authorized
by the Company s articles of association, a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders. If a shareholder vote is not required
by applicable law or stock exchange rules and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the
Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction
is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the
tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote
its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 6), and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination.
Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
transaction or do not vote at all. 

Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of
such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section
13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 or more of the Public Shares, without the
prior consent of the Company. 

The
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company provides that only Public Shares and not any Founder Shares are entitled
to redemption rights. In addition, the Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public
Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in
connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with
any such amendment. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law, to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire
as worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive it right to its deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in
the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be
included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event
of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the
Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

The
Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered (other than its
independent registered public accounting firm) or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company
has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.20 per Public Share
or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case, net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay franchise and income taxes. This liability
will not apply with respect to claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account
and will not apply as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the
Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company
does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the
Trust Account. 

As further described in Note 10, on January 10,
2023, the Company, entered into a business combination agreement with Wejo Group Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated
under the laws of Bermuda Wejo ), and Green Merger Subsidiary Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws of
the Cayman Islands and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Wejo Merger Sub 1 and upon execution of a joinder to the business
combination agreement, each of Wejo Holdings Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and
a wholly owned subsidiary of Wejo Holdco and Wejo Acquisition Company Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated
under the laws of Bermuda and a wholly owned Subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub 2 and together with Merger Sub 1, the Merger
Subs (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement ). 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and working capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to
continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. The Company expects that it will need to raise
additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors or third parties. The
Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the
Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take
additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will
be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary
General Meeting ). At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the shareholders approved a proposal (the Extension
Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles to extend the date that the Company has to consummate a business combination from January 29, 2023 to June 29, 2023 (the Extension
Amendment ). The shareholders also approved a proposal (the Trust Agreement
Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by
and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as trustee (the Trust
Agreement ), to make a corresponding extension to the date the Company must commence liquidation of the Trust Account from
January 29, 2023 to June 29, 2023. In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of 
 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their
right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.38 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of
approximately 
 million. 

The
Company assessed going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Basis of Presentation - Going Concern .
The Company has until June 29, 2023 (absent any extensions of such period by the Company s shareholders) to consummate a Business
Combination. While the Company intends to complete the proposed Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date, it is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by that time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by that
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition
and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
should the Company be required to liquidate after June 29, 2023. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements does not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further,
the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements.
The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is also not determinable as of
the date of these financial statements. 

and of operating cash as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, the company had no cash equivalents. 

from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the Trust Account and may be invested only in U.S. government securities with a
maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest
to occur of: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business
Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the return of the funds
held in the Trust Account to the public shareholders as part of redemption of the Public Shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, substantially
all of the assets held in the money market funds were invested primarily in U.S. Treasury securities. 

(consisting of 
of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, excess fair value of Founder Shares and of actual
offering costs, with included in the statement of operations for the period ending December 31, 2021 as an allocation
for the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants, and included in additional paid-in capital). 

, of which was recorded in additional paid-in
capital and was recorded in accumulated deficit. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A
ordinary shares, classified as temporary equity in the balance sheets, are reconciled in the following table: 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Re-measurement on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December
31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material
deviation from its position. 

The
Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the period presented. 

Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other
contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the
Company. 

The
following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

and during
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 of deferred legal fees that will
be payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination and are include in formation and operating costs in the accompanying statements
of operations, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and in deferred legal fees, which is
included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets, respectively. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this
account. 

Units at a price of 
 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share Public Shares and one-half of one warrant Public
Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 
 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

An
aggregate of per Unit sold in the IPO was held in the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the
meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company. As of October 29, 2021, of the IPO proceeds and proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants was held in the Trust Account, representing an overfunding of the Trust Account of 102.0 of the IPO size. 

Transaction
costs as of the IPO date amounted to , consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting
discount, excess fair value of founder shares and of offering costs. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant 10,750,000 in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an
exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants
were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the
redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

shares of the Company s Class B ordinary
shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of .
The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 
 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to
the extent that the underwriters overallotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares
collectively represents 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO. Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full. Accordingly, 750,000 Founder Shares are no longer subject to
forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business
Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. 

On
October 8, 2021, the Sponsor entered into agreements with certain funds managed by Apollo Capital Management, L.P. (collectively, Apollo ),
certain funds managements by Atalaya Capital Management, LP Atalaya and
Meteora Capital Partners, L.P. and funds affiliated with Meteora Capital Partners, L.P. (collectively Meteora (individually and collectively, the anchor investors ). Each of the anchor
investors purchased 9.9 of the Units in the IPO (excluding Units issued in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option).
Each of Apollo and Atalaya agreed to purchase interests in the Sponsor representing approximately 7 of the Founder Shares and Private
Placement Warrants at approximately the cost of such securities to the Sponsor, with the Sponsor s obligation to sell some or all
of such interests conditioned upon such anchor investor s purchase of the Units. 

Meteora
entered into a separate agreement with the Sponsor pursuant to which it agreed to purchase interests in the Sponsor representing approximately
6.4 of the Founder Shares for approximately 3.7 of the cost of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor. 

The
anchor investors acquired from the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in an aggregate of Founder Shares at the original
purchase price that the Sponsor paid for the Founder Shares. The Sponsor has agreed to distribute the Founder Shares to the anchor investors
after the completion of a Business Combination. The Company estimates the aggregate fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to
the anchor investors to be approximately , or per share. 

The
excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic
5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the IPO based on a relative fair value
basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities were expensed as incurred in the
statement of operations. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to shareholder s deficit upon the completion
of the IPO. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company entered into a vendor agreement, as described in Note 8, whereas the Sponsor assigned Class B ordinary
shares to the vendor, effective upon the completion of a successful Business Combination. 

The
assignment of the Founder Shares to the vendor is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC
718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the
grant date. The Company has hired a valuation firm to assess, using the lattice model, the fair value associated with the Founder Shares
granted. The fair value of the 23,883 shares granted to the Company s director nominees in October 2022 was 
 or 1.212 per share. The Founder Shares were
granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder
Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is met under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of
December 31, 2022, the Company determined the performance conditions had not been met, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense
has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date the performance conditions are met (i.e., upon consummation
of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares vested times the grant date fair value per share (unless
subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

Forward
Purchase Agreements 

The
Company entered into separate forward purchase agreements (the Forward Purchase Agreements with Apollo and Atalaya (the Forward Purchasers on August 13, 2021, and
August 4, 2021, respectively. 
 The forward purchase shares and forward purchase
warrants will be identical to the Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO. Each Forward Purchaser s
commitment under its Forward Purchase Agreement is subject to certain conditions including investment committee approval. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

In
April 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory
Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of .
The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2022, or the consummation of the IPO. On October
29, 2021, the Company repaid the Sponsor 
 for amounts outstanding under the Promissory
Note. However, the promissory note balance on October 29, 2021 was 
 and, as such, the Company recorded a 
 related party receivable for the over-payment.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were no amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note, as all such amounts were paid. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

The
Company has entered into an agreement commencing on November 28, 2021, with Tartavull Klein Blatteis Capital, LLC TKB
Capital ), an affiliate of the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company will pay TKB Capital a total of per
month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company. Upon completion of the initial Business
Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company incurred 120,000 of fees for these services, of which is
included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. For the period from April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, the Company incurred and paid of
fees for these services. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, certain of the Company s officers, directors
or any of their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out
of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds
held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held
outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. The
warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

preference shares with a par value of per share with such
designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption as presented in temporary equity. 

Class
B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and holders of Class
A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the
shareholders except as required by law; provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors prior to or in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary
shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary
shares to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number
of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the IPO plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued
or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding
any forward purchase securities, any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A
ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued
to the Sponsor upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares
at a rate of less than one to one. 

warrants that were issued in the IPO (representing Public Warrants and Private
Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not
meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. The warrants do not meet the criteria
to be considered indexed to the Company s stock due to settlement provisions that result in holders of warrants receiving variable
settlement amounts determined by the reference table. Additionally, an event that is not within the entity s control could require
net cash settlement, thus precluding equity classification. Accordingly, the Company will classify each warrant as a liability at its
fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability
will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. No fractional warrants will be issued
upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless holders purchase at least two Units, they will not
be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company
satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No Public Warrant will
be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a Public Warrant unless the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such Public Warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the Public Warrants. 

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement filed in connection with its initial public offering or
a new registration statement covering registration under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the Public Warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business
days after the closing of a Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus
relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the Public Warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided
that, if the Class A ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange
such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may,
at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, but it will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective by the 60 th day after the closing of a Business Combination, Public Warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 

Once
the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 

if,
and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, it may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 

Once
the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of 0.10 per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary
shares; 

if,
and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted per share sub-divisions,
share dividends, reorganizations, reclassifications, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day
period ending three trading days before the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if
the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third
trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share
(as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement
Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities (excluding the forward purchase securities) for capital-raising purposes in connection
with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of
any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day-period starting on the trading day prior to the
day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement
Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable
or saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private
Placement Warrants are exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and are non-redeemable so long as they
are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees (except for a number of TKB Class A Shares as described above under
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 ). If the Private Placement Warrants
are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable
by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments
at the IPO price less the underwriting discount. On October 29, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, generating
an additional in gross proceeds. As a result of the over-allotment being exercised in full, the Sponsor did not forfeit any
Founder Shares back to the Company. The underwriters were paid a cash-underwriting discount of in the aggregate at the closing
of the IPO. In addition, 0.35 per Unit, or 8,050,000, and 750,000 of deferred underwriting commissions in the aggregate)
is payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee is payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Broker
Dealer Agreement 

The
Company entered into seven broker dealer agreements through December 31, 2022, for the purposes of identifying a target company (the
 Target in connection with the Business Combination. 

With
respect to five of the seven broker dealer agreements, the broker dealer (the Finder will identify potential Targets that have not already been identified by the Company. In the event that the Company already knows the
Target, the Company will inform the Finder and the agreement will be terminated. However, the Company may enter into another agreement
with the Finder for a known Target if the Company believes the Finder can add substantial value with respect to the pursuit of the known
Target. The Finder will act exclusively for the Company with respect to all activities related to the pursuit of a Target, once identified.
If the Company consummates a Business Combination with the Target, the Company will pay the Finder a base success fee of 
 or, in lieu of the base success fee an introduction
fee, if, in addition to first identifying a Target, the Finder also provides the Company an introduction to a pre-existing relationship
with a person that ultimately serves as a member of the Target s Board of Directors or senior executive management. The introduction
fee will be 
 if the Target has initiated a competitive process
with respect to a strategic alternative or 0.5 of the pre-money equity value of the Target if the Target has not initiated a competitive
process with respect to a strategic alternative. Payment to the Finder is dependent upon the closing of a Business Combination. 

On
September 9, 2022, the Company entered into its sixth broker dealer agreement for the purposes of identifying a Target in connection
with the Business Combination, pursuant to which the Finder will identify potential Targets that have not already been identified by
the Company. Upon the closing of a Business Combination between the Company and a Target introduced to the Company by the Finder, the
Finder will be entitled to a commission fee equal to one percent (1.0 of the pre-money valuation of the Target as stated in the Agreement
and Plan of Merger to entered into by the Company and the Target. 

On
September 28, 2022, the Company entered into its seventh broker dealer agreement for the purposes of identifying a Target in connection
with the Business Combination. The Finder will identify potential Targets that have not already been identified by the Company. In connection
with Business Combination, the Finder will be entitled to a commission fee equal to or Founder Shares currently held
by the Sponsor. Payment to the Finder is dependent upon the closing of a Business Combination. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not accrue any amounts related to any broker dealer agreements. 

Consulting
Agreements 

The
Company entered into nineteen consulting agreements through December 31, 2022. 

With
respect to seventeen of the nineteen consulting agreements, during the term of each agreement, the consultant Consultant will advise the Company concerning matters related to qualifying Business Combinations, including services such as valuation, diligence
and general advice with respect to the business, operations and financial conditions of any such counterparty to a qualifying Business
Combination. Upon closing of an initial Business Combination, the Company will pay the Consultant a base fee of .
In lieu of, and not in addition to the base fee, the Company will pay a bonus fee of 
 if the Company and the Consultant mutually determine
and agree that the Consultant will provide advice or services that are of a different kind than those contemplated in the agreement.
In lieu of and not in addition to the base fee and bonus fee, the Company will pay to the Consultant an additional fee equal to 0.5 
of the pre-money equity value of the Target if the Company and the Consultant mutually determine and agree that the Consultant provided,
or will provide, material support in connection with the evaluation, negotiation, execution or marketing of an initial Business Combination
that is ultimately consummated by the Company. Payment to the Consultant is dependent upon the closing of an initial Business Combination. 

On
August 3, 2022, the company entered into a consulting agreement. During the term of this agreement, the Consultant will advise the Company
concerning matters related to qualifying Business Combinations, including services such as valuation, diligence and general advice with
respect to the business, operations and financial conditions of any such counterparty to a qualifying Business Combination. As consideration
for the services performed by the Consultant during the term of the agreement, upon the closing of an initial Business Combination, the
Company shall pay to the Consultant a fee equal to one percent (1 of the pre-money equity value of the Target, as stated in the Agreement
and Plan of Merger executed between the Company and the Target (which such pre-money equity value shall be determined in a manner consistent
with disclosures set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus filed in connection with such initial Business Combination). Payment to
the Consultant is dependent upon the closing of an initial Business Combination. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement. During the term of this agreement, the consultant Consultant will advise the Company concerning matters related to qualifying Business Combinations, including services such as valuation, diligence
and general advice with respect to the business, operations and financial conditions of any such counterparty to a qualifying Business
Combination. In consideration for the services performed by the Consultant during the term, upon the closing of an initial business combination,
the Company shall pay to the Consultant, in shares at close, 100,000 shares of the surviving entity. 

As
of December 31, 2022, no work has been performed related to any of the consulting agreements and thus the Company did not accrue any
amounts related to these agreements. 

Vendor
Agreement 

On
August 26, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a vendor to provide services and support in connection with finding and completing
a successful Business Combination. In connection with these services, the Company agreed to pay the vendor per annum. It is
also agreed that the vendor could earn up to 45,000 ordinary shares over the term of the agreement. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Company amended the agreement whereby it agreed to pay the vendor 125 per hour payable upon the completion of a
successful Business Combination. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company terminated the original agreement and entered into a new agreement with the vendor, pursuant to which the
Company agreed to pay the vendor 125 per hour and the Sponsor assigned Class B ordinary shares to the vendor, effective upon
the completion of a successful Business Combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred in fees for these services, of which is included in accounts
payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 
 1 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

The
warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities in the accompanying
balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value
presented within the statements of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the aggregate values of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were and , respectively,
based on a fair value of per warrant. As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate values of the Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants were and , respectively, based on a fair value of per warrant. 

The
following table presents the changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
April 20, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021: 

Change
 in fair value 

Fair
 value as of December 31, 2021 

Change
 in fair value 

Fair
 value as of December 31, 2022 

The
key inputs into the Black-Scholes model formula were as follows at October 29, 2021 and December 31, 2021: 

Exercise
 price 

Risk-free
 rate of interest 

Volatility 

Term 

Warrant
 to buy one share (unadjusted for the probability of dissolution) 

Warrant
 to buy one share (adjusted for the probability of dissolution) 

Dividend
 yield 

The
Company established the initial fair value for the warrants on October 29, 2021, the date of the consummation of the Company s
IPO. The Company used a Black-Scholes model to value the warrants. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from
the Units, the close price of the Public Warrant will be used as the fair value as of each reporting period. The subsequent measurements
of the Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 2 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active
market under the ticker USCTW. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Public Warrants have detached from the Units, and the closing
price is utilized as the fair value. 

The
following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 warrant liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Change
 in fair value 

Transfer
 of public warrants to Level 1 measurement 

Transfer
 of private warrants to Level 2 measurement 

Level
 3 derivative warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs.
The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement during the
year ended December 31, 2021 was . The estimated fair value of the Private Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement
to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the year ended December 31, 2021 was . There were no transfers to/from Levels 1,
2, and 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On January 10, 2023, the Company, entered into
a business combination agreement with Wejo Group Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda Wejo ), and Green Merger Subsidiary Limited, an exempted company incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Wejo Merger
Sub 1 and upon execution of a joinder to the business combination agreement, each of Wejo Holdings Limited, an exempted
company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and a wholly owned subsidiary of Wejo Holdco and Wejo Acquisition Company Limited, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and a wholly owned
Subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub 2 and together with Merger Sub 1, the Merger
Subs (as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement ). 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement
and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the terms and conditions specified therein, (i) Wejo will transfer all of its Merger Sub
1 shares to Holdco, (ii) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into TKB, with TKB continuing as the surviving company (the TKB
Merger ), and (iii) Merger Sub 2 will merge with Wejo, with Wejo continuing as the surviving company (the Wejo
Merger and, together with the TKB Merger, the Business Combination ),
so that, immediately following completion of the Business Combination (the Closing ),
each of Wejo and TKB will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco. The Closing is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023. 

Wejo
is a software and technology solutions provider to various multiple market verticals in combination with services that utilize ingested
and standardized connected vehicle and other high volume, high value datasets, through its proprietary cloud software and analytics platform. 

Wejo
Merger 

At
the effective time of the Wejo Merger, by virtue of the Wejo Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any shares of
the capital stock of Wejo, each Wejo common share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than (i) any
common shares of Wejo held in the treasury of Wejo or owned by TKB and (ii) any common shares of Wejo held by shareholders of Wejo that
have validly exercised dissenters rights) will be converted into the right to receive one (1) common share of Holdco, par value 0.001
per share Holdco Common Share ). Each warrant of Wejo issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the Wejo Merger will be assumed by Holdco and automatically represent a warrant to acquire
a Holdco Common Share. 

Each
stock option of Wejo that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Wejo Merger, whether vested or unvested, shall
automatically and without any action on the part of the holder or beneficiary thereof be assumed by Holdco and converted into an option
to purchase a number of Holdco Common Shares equal to the total number of Wejo Common Shares subject to the stock option immediately
prior to the effective time of the Wejo Merger, and shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions (including vesting schedule)
as applicable to the corresponding stock option of Wejo. 

TKB
Merger 

At
the effective time of the TKB Merger, by virtue of the TKB Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any shares of
the capital stock of TKB, each TKB ordinary share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than (i) any
ordinary shares of TKB held by shareholders of TKB that have validly exercised redemption rights under the TKB organizational documents,
(ii) any ordinary shares of TKB held in the treasury of TKB or owned by Wejo and (iii) any ordinary shares of TKB held by shareholders
of TKB that have validly exercised dissenters rights) will be converted into the right to receive Holdco Common Shares based on a floating
exchange ratio. The exchange ratio will be determined by dividing 11.25 by Wejo s volume weighted price per share for the 15 consecutive
trading days immediately preceding the second trading day prior to the TKB shareholders meeting to be held in connection with the Business
Combination, subject to a minimum exchange ratio of 3.75 and a maximum exchange ratio of 22.50. Each TKB warrant issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the TKB Merger will be assumed by Holdco and the exercise price and number of underlying Holdco
Common Shares will be adjusted according to the exchange ratio. Each TKB unit issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the TKB Merger will be automatically detached and the holder of each unit will be deemed to hold one TKB Class A ordinary share
and one-half of a TKB public warrant, which underlying Class A ordinary share and public warrant will be converted in accordance with
the terms explained above. 

Wejo
Voting Agreement 

On
January 10, 2023, in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of Wejo entered into a
Voting Agreement with the Company (the Wejo Voting Agreement ). 

Pursuant
to the Wejo Voting Agreement, such Wejo shareholders have agreed, among other things, to vote or cause to be voted any issued and outstanding
common shares of Wejo beneficially owned by such shareholders (or that may otherwise become beneficially owned by them prior to obtaining
the Wejo Shareholder Approval) (the Wejo Covered Shares at every shareholders 
meeting of Wejo during the term of the Wejo Voting Agreement (i) in favor of (A) a proposal to approve the Wejo Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and (B) all of the matters, actions and proposals that would reasonably
be expected to facilitate the consummation of the Wejo Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement,
including any proposal to adjourn or postpone any meeting of the Wejo shareholders to a later date if there are not sufficient votes
to approve the proposals necessary to consummate the Wejo Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement, provided that no Wejo shareholder will be required to vote in favor of any waiver, modification or amendment to the terms
of the Business Combination Agreement that would be less favorable in any material respect to such Wejo shareholder than the Business
Combination Agreement attached as an exhibit to this report (excluding any amendments affecting Wejo shareholders who are directors,
officers or employees of Wejo in their capacities as such); and (ii) against: (A) any competing acquisition proposal and (B) any amendments
to the Wejo s organizational documents (other than as required to effect the Wejo Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement) or any other proposal or transaction that would reasonably be expected to (1) impede, frustrate,
interfere with, delay, postpone or materially adversely affect in any manner the Wejo Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement, (2) change, in any manner, the voting rights of any class of share capital of Wejo, (3) result
in any condition to the consummation of the Wejo Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement
not being fulfilled or (4) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or other obligation or agreement of Wejo under
the Business Combination Agreement or Wejo shareholder under the Wejo Voting Agreement in any material respect. 

As
of January 10, 2023, Wejo shareholders subject to the Wejo Voting Agreement beneficially own approximately 14.69 of the issued and outstanding
common shares of Wejo. 

In
addition, each Wejo shareholder party to the Wejo Voting Agreement has agreed that, with limited exceptions provided therein, during
the period from the date of the Wejo Voting Agreement until termination thereof, he, she or it will not transfer, directly or indirectly,
any Wejo Covered Shares. 

Sponsor
Voting Agreement 

On
January 10, 2023, in connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Sponsor entered into and, upon execution of
a counterpart signature page certain other shareholders of the Company (collectively, the Relevant TKB Shareholders will enter into a Voting Agreement with Wejo (the Sponsor Voting Agreement ). 

Pursuant
to the Sponsor Voting Agreement, such Relevant TKB Shareholders have agreed, among other things, to vote or cause to be voted any issued
and outstanding Subject Securities (as defined therein) beneficially owned by such shareholders (or that may otherwise become beneficially
owned by them prior to obtaining the TKB Shareholder Approval) at every shareholders meeting of the Company during the term of
the Sponsor Voting Agreement: (i) in favor of (A) a proposal to approve the TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Business Combination Agreement and (B) all of the matters, actions and proposals that would reasonably be expected to facilitate the
consummation of the TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, including any proposal
to adjourn or postpone any meeting of shareholders of the Company to a later date if there are not sufficient votes to approve the proposals
necessary to consummate the TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement; and (ii) against
(A) any competing acquisition proposal and any other proposal, action or transaction that would reasonably be expected to impede, frustrate,
prevent or nullify the TKB Merger or the Business Combination Agreement, and (B) any amendments to the Company s organizational
documents (other than as required to effect the TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement)
or any other proposal or transaction that would reasonably be expected to (1) impede, frustrate, interfere with, delay, postpone or materially
adversely affect in any manner the TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, (2) change,
in any manner, the voting rights of any class of share capital of the Company, (3) result in any condition to the consummation of the
TKB Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement not being fulfilled or (4) result in a breach
of any covenant, representation or warranty or other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Business Combination Agreement
or any TKB Shareholder under the Sponsor Voting Agreement in any material respect. Further, each Relevant TKB Shareholder has agreed
not to redeem any of its TKB Shares in connection with the TKB Merger or the TKB Extension Approval. 

Further,
Sponsor shall, immediately prior to, and subject to the Closing, forfeit and surrender irrevocably for no consideration and without any
further action by any party, up to an aggregate amount equal to Class B ordinary shares and private warrants, which
shall be inclusive of any Class B ordinary shares and TKB private warrants that Sponsor has agreed to forfeit in favor of the entities
entered into forward purchase agreements at the time of TKB s initial public offering (the Forward Purchasers ),
pursuant to those certain subscription agreements executed between Sponsor and the Forward Purchasers prior to the date hereof Sponsor
Inducement Securities ), as Sponsor may determine in its sole discretion, in order to secure the financing commitments referred
to in the Business Combination Agreement or private investments in public equity of the Company, non-redemptions of TKB ordinary shares
from existing TKB shareholders and private investments in public equity of the Company; provided that with respect to any Sponsor Inducement
Securities that are not forfeited by Sponsor at or prior to the Closing, Sponsor shall irrevocably forfeit and surrender for no consideration
and without any further action of any party for the benefit of Wejo an aggregate amount equal to 50 of such non-forfeited Sponsor Inducement
Securities effective immediately upon Closing. 

As
of January 10, 2023, the Relevant TKB Shareholders subject to the Sponsor Voting Agreement beneficially own approximately 20 of the
issued and outstanding TKB ordinary shares. 

In
addition, each Relevant TKB Shareholder has agreed that, with limited exceptions provided therein, during the period from the date of
the Sponsor Voting Agreement until termination thereof, he, she or it will not transfer, directly or indirectly, any Subject Securities. 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

At
the Closing, Holdco, Wejo, the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders of the Company, will enter into a registration
rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, upon completion of the Business Combination,
the Holdco Common Shares, Holdco warrants and certain other registrable securities described therein held by the Sponsor and the other
security holders of the Company party thereto will bear customary registration rights. 

Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement 

On March 27, 2023, TKB and Wejo entered into Amendment
No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment ). The Amendment amends the Business Combination Agreement
as follows: (i) to permit TKB to create, assume or incur any indebtedness, guarantee indebtedness of another, or repay, redeem or repurchase
such indebtedness, provided that TKB has first requested in writing that Wejo provide an alternative form of financing to TKB in an amount
reasonably requested by TKB and Wejo subsequently fails to provide a binding and irrevocable commitment for such financing through third
party sources of financing or otherwise on or before the earlier of three (3) Business Days or five (5) days from the date of such request,
(ii) to require Wejo to pay the TKB Expense Reimbursement (x) if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated upon the mutual written
consent of Wejo and TKB, (y) if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated by TKB in order to enter into a definitive agreement
providing for a TKB Superior Proposal, and (z) if Holdco fails to file or confidentially submit the Registration Statement with the SEC
on or before April 17, 2023, in addition to certain previously agreed terminations of the Business Combination Agreement by Wejo, (iii)
to include repayment of the principal amount on loans entered into by TKB or (v) to require Wejo to pay the TKB Expense Reimbursement within three (3) Business
Days following the termination of the Business Combination Agreement, (vi) to clarify that in no event shall Wejo be obligated to pay
the TKB Expense Reimbursement on more than one occasion, and (vii) to modify the definition of TKB Transaction Expenses to include payment
of loans entered into by TKB or Sponsor as set forth on a schedule to the Amendment or as approved by Wejo. 

Conversion
of Class B shares 

On
January 18, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, Class B Shares ), elected to convert each outstanding Class B Share held
by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share Class
A Shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, as of January 18, 2023, the Company had an
aggregate of 28,650,000 Class A Shares issued and outstanding and 100,000 Class B Shares issued and outstanding. 

Wejo
Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

On
January 5, 2023, Wejo Assignment ), pursuant to which Wejo agreed to pay the Sponsor an aggregate
of 295,000 to fund TKB s working capital requirements and the Sponsor agreed to assign to Wejo, effective as of the Closing Date
or the earlier termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its terms or otherwise, an aggregate of 83,250 Founder
Shares and 250,000 Private Warrants. Wejo paid 250,000 to the Sponsor on January 11, 2023 and 45,000 to the Sponsor on March 2, 2023,
for an aggregate payment of 295,000. 

The
Sponsor subsequently advanced these funds to TKB for working capital purposes. The advance is non-interest bearing, unsecured, and payable
in cash upon the consummation of TKB s initial business combination. 

Working
Capital Advance 

On
January 26, 2023, Phelan
Note with Daniel Phelan (the Lender ), which provides for
working capital for TKB in an aggregate principal amount of up to 750,000. The Phelan Note was amended and restated on March 9, 2023.
As of January 30, 2023, Sponsor had drawn 250,000 under the Phelan Note. The Phelan Note is non-interest bearing and non-convertible.
All unpaid principal accrued under the Phelan Note will be repaid at the closing of the Business Combination or the earlier termination
of the Business Combination Agreement in certain circumstances specified in the Phelan Note. In consideration for the Phelan Note, Sponsor
agreed to pay to the Lender at the closing of the Business Combination a commitment fee equal to 50 of the then-outstanding
principal balance of the Phelan Note up to a maximum of 375,000. If
the Business Combination does not close, the commitment fee will not be paid. 

Extension
Meeting 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the Extraordinary
General Meeting ). At the Extraordinary General Meeting, the shareholders approved a proposal (the Extension
Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles to extend the date that the Company has to consummate a business combination from January 29, 2023 to June 29, 2023 (the Extension
Amendment ). The shareholders also approved a proposal (the Trust Agreement
Amendment Proposal to amend the Company s Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by
and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as trustee (the Trust
Agreement ), to make a corresponding extension to the date the Company must commence liquidation of the Trust Account from
January 29, 2023, to June 29, 2023. 

F- 28 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 1.1+ 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement(1) 
 
 2.1+ 
 
 Business
 Combination Agreement(3) 
 
 2.2+ 
 
 Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2023, by and among TKB Critical Technologies 1 and Wejo Group Limited(5) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association(1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment
 to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association(4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate(1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Ordinary Share Certificate(1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate(1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant(2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description
 of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement among the Registrant, TKB Sponsor I, LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Registrant(2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant(2) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment
 to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 27, 2023, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
 and the Registrant(4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement among the Registrant, TKB Sponsor I, LLC and the Holders signatory thereto(2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and TKB Sponsor I, LLC(2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement(1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and TKB Sponsor I, LLC(1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement between the Registrant and Tartavull Klein Blatteis Capital, LLC(2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Forward Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Apollo Capital Management, L.P.(1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Forward
 Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Apollo Capital Management, L.P.(1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
 of Wejo Voting Agreement(3) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form
 of Sponsor Voting Agreement(3) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement(3) 
 
 14 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics(1) 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a),
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Co-Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the registrant s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023. 

(5) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the registrant s
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023. 

+ Certain
exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to
furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request. 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TKB
 CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES 1 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Angela Blatteis 

Name: 
 Angela
 Blatteis 

Title: 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Greg Klein and Angela Blatteis
as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead,
in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting
alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Angela Blatteis 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Angela
 Blatteis 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer; Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), Director 

/s/
 Greg Klein 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Greg
 Klein 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer), Director 

/s/
 Philippe Tartavull 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Philippe
 Tartavull 

/s/
 Frank Levinson 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Frank
 Levinson 

/s/
 Michael Herson 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Herson 

/s/
 Ryan O Hara 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Ryan
 O Hara 

/s/
 William Zerella 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 William
 Zerella 

72 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 tkbcriticaltech1_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

As
of December 31, 2022, TKB Critical Technologies 1 we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) its units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, (ii) Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the TKB Class A Shares ), and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant
exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50. In addition, this Description of Securities also references
the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the TKB Class B Shares ), which are not
registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into TKB Class A Shares. As of March 29, 2023, 5,650,000 TKB
Class B Shares have already been converted to TKB Class A Shares. As of March 29, 2023, there were 11,116,704 TKB Class A Shares and
100,000 TKB Class B Shares issued and outstanding. The description of the TKB Class B Shares is included to assist in the description
of the TKB Class A Shares. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our sponsor are to TKB Sponsor I, LLC and
references to our initial shareholders are to the holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (our
 IPO ). Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company (company
number 374835) and our affairs are governed by our memorandum and articles of association, as amended, the Companies Act (As Revised)
of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our memorandum and
articles of association, we are authorized to issue 220,000,000 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, including 200,000,000 TKB
Class A Shares and 20,000,000 TKB Class B Shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. The following description
summarizes certain terms of our share capital as set out more particularly in our memorandum and articles of association. Because the
below is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one TKB Class A Share and
one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one TKB Class A Share at a price of 11.50
per share, subject to adjustment as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement that governs the warrants (the warrant
agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the Company s TKB Class A Shares.
This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. For example, if a warrant holder holds one-half
of one warrant to purchase a TKB Class A Share, such warrant will not be exercisable. If a warrant holder holds two halves of one warrant,
such whole warrant will be exercisable for one TKB Class A Share at a price of 11.50 per share. 

The TKB Class A Shares and warrants comprising
the units began separate trading on December 17, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into
the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into TKB Class
A Shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of TKB Class A Shares and holders of TKB Class B Shares
will vote together as a single Class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified
in our memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange
rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our
shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being (i) affirmative vote of at least
two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at
a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholder, and pursuant
to our memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our memorandum and articles of association and approving
a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors
can appoint all of the directors. However, only holders of TKB Class B Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior
to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, meaning that holders of TKB Class A Shares do not have the
right to appoint any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

1 

Because our memorandum and articles of association
authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 TKB Class A Shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on
the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of TKB Class A Shares which we are authorized to issue at
the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end
following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings
to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then
issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being
exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold shareholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is
not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our memorandum
and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents
to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as
is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company,
or if so authorized by a company s articles of association, a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders. However, the participation
of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval
of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such
initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our memorandum and articles of association require that at least
five days notice be given of any general meeting. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO Excess
Shares without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their
shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess
Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer
a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares
in open-market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

2 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination with Wejo, our initial
shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any public shares purchased during
or after our IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public
shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association,
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023 we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business
combination by June 29, 2023 or during any extended period of time that we may have to consummate an initial business combination as a
result of an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association Extension Period ). However, if our initial
shareholders or management team acquire public shares in or after our IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each Class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash
at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in
the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, upon the
completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as TKB
Class B Shares and, except as described below, are identical to the TKB Class A Shares included in the units sold in our IPO, and
holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to
certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to
waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold in connection with a shareholder vote
to approve an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an
initial business combination by June 29, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023 or
during any Extension Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, and (iii) the founder
shares are automatically convertible into TKB Class A Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our memorandum and articles of
association. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have
agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our IPO in favor of our initial business
combination. 

3 

The founder shares will automatically convert
into TKB Class A Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment for share divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further
adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional TKB Class A Shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued
in connection with our initial business combination, the number of TKB Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will
equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of TKB Class A Shares outstanding after such conversion (after
giving effect to any redemptions of TKB Class A Shares by public shareholders), including the total number of TKB Class A Shares issued,
or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company
in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any forward purchase securities,
any TKB Class A Shares or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into TKB Class A Shares issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon
conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares
are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor,
each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial
business combination or earlier and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of the TKB Class A Shares
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or
(y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their TKB Class A Shares for cash, securities
or other property. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled
to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders
of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our memorandum and
articles of association may only be amended by approval of at least 90 of our TKB Class B Shares. With respect to any other matter submitted
to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders
of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one
vote. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members of the company, a
statement of the shares held by each member which: 

distinguishes each share by its number (so long as the share
has a number); 

confirms the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member; 

confirms the number and category of shares held by each member; and 

confirms whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

For these purposes, voting rights 
means rights conferred on shareholders in respect of their shares to vote at general meetings of the company on all or substantially all
matters. A voting right is conditional where the voting right arises only in certain circumstances. 

4 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein i.e. , the register of members will raise a presumption
of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter
of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our IPO,
the register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members was updated, the shareholders recorded
in the register of members were deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances
where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct
legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be
rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order
for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject
to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Warrants 

Public Shareholders Warrants and Forward
Purchase Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one TKB Class A Share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30
days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or
we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such
shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the
holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of TKB Class A Shares. This
means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the date on which they first become exercisable,
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any TKB Class
A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the TKB Class A Shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto
is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and
we will not be obligated to issue a TKB Class A Share upon exercise of a warrant unless the TKB Class A Share issuable upon such warrant
exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder
of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant,
the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no
event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised
warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the TKB Class
A Share underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use commercially reasonable efforts
to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement relating to our IPO or a new registration statement covering
registration under the Securities Act, of the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus
relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Because the warrants
are not exercisable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, we do not currently intend to update the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part or file a new registration statement covering the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants until after the initial business combination has been consummated. If a registration statement covering the TKB Class
A Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th business day after the closing of our
initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our TKB Class A Shares are at the time
of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security 
under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to
do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will
not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use commercially
reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such
event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of TKB Class A Shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of TKB Class A Shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair
market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the TKB Class A Shares for the 10 trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

5 

Redemption of warrants when the price per TKB
Class A Share equals or exceeds 18.00 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption for cash (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as
 described under the heading Anti-dilution adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
 period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the TKB Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those TKB Class A Shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption
period except if we have elected to require holders to exercise on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act. In the case of such a cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the public
warrants for that number of TKB Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of TKB Class A
Shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value less the exercise price of the warrants
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in the preceding sentence shall mean the volume weighted average
price of the TKB Class A Shares for the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the
holders of the public warrants. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are
unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Except as described below,
none of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

We have established the last of the redemption
criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled
to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the TKB Class A Shares may fall below
the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price
of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole
shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per TKB
Class A Share equals or exceeds 10.00 

Once warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value (as defined below) of our TKB Class A Shares except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our TKB Class A Shares equals or
 exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price
 of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution adjustments for any 20 trading days within
 the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

6 

if the last reported sale price of our TKB Class A Shares for any 20 trading days
 within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the
 warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the
 exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution adjustments ), the private placement
 warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

The numbers in the table below represent the number
of TKB Class A Shares that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption
feature, based on the fair market value of our TKB Class A Shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders
elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on the volume-weighted average
price of our TKB Class A Shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the
warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one
business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references
above to TKB Class A Shares shall include a security other than TKB Class A Shares into which the TKB Class A Shares have been converted
or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will
not be adjusted when determining the number of TKB Class A Shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving
entity following our initial business combination. 

The share prices set forth in the column headings
of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price
of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution adjustments below. If the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings in the table below shall equal
the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable
upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon
exercise of a warrant after such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying
such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior
to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the
exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading 
Anti-dilution adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading 
Anti-dilution adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00, and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second
paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings
will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption Date 
(period to expiration of warrants) 
 
 Fair Market Value of TKB Class A Shares 

10.00 

11.00 

12.00 

13.00 

14.00 

15.00 

16.00 

17.00 

18.00 

60 months 
 
 0.261 

0.281 

0.297 

0.311 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

57 months 
 
 0.257 

0.277 

0.294 

0.310 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

54 months 
 
 0.252 

0.272 

0.291 

0.307 

0.322 

0.335 

0.347 

0.357 

0.361 

51 months 
 
 0.246 

0.268 

0.287 

0.304 

0.320 

0.333 

0.346 

0.357 

0.361 

48 months 
 
 0.241 

0.263 

0.283 

0.301 

0.317 

0.332 

0.344 

0.356 

0.361 

45 months 
 
 0.235 

0.258 

0.279 

0.298 

0.315 

0.330 

0.343 

0.356 

0.361 

42 months 
 
 0.228 

0.252 

0.274 

0.294 

0.312 

0.328 

0.342 

0.355 

0.361 

39 months 
 
 0.221 

0.246 

0.269 

0.290 

0.309 

0.325 

0.340 

0.354 

0.361 

36 months 
 
 0.213 

0.239 

0.263 

0.285 

0.305 

0.323 

0.339 

0.353 

0.361 

33 months 
 
 0.205 

0.232 

0.257 

0.280 

0.301 

0.320 

0.337 

0.352 

0.361 

30 months 
 
 0.196 

0.224 

0.250 

0.274 

0.297 

0.316 

0.335 

0.351 

0.361 

27 months 
 
 0.185 

0.214 

0.242 

0.268 

0.291 

0.313 

0.332 

0.350 

0.361 

24 months 
 
 0.173 

0.204 

0.233 

0.260 

0.285 

0.308 

0.329 

0.348 

0.361 

21 months 
 
 0.161 

0.193 

0.223 

0.252 

0.279 

0.304 

0.326 

0.347 

0.361 

18 months 
 
 0.146 

0.179 

0.211 

0.242 

0.271 

0.298 

0.322 

0.345 

0.361 

15 months 
 
 0.130 

0.164 

0.197 

0.230 

0.262 

0.291 

0.317 

0.342 

0.361 

12 months 
 
 0.111 

0.146 

0.181 

0.216 

0.250 

0.282 

0.312 

0.339 

0.361 

9 months 
 
 0.090 

0.125 

0.162 

0.199 

0.237 

0.272 

0.305 

0.336 

0.361 

6 months 
 
 0.065 

0.099 

0.137 

0.178 

0.219 

0.259 

0.296 

0.331 

0.361 

3 months 
 
 0.034 

0.065 

0.104 

0.150 

0.197 

0.243 

0.286 

0.326 

0.361 

0 months 

0.042 

0.115 

0.179 

0.233 

0.281 

0.323 

0.361 

7 

The exact fair market value and redemption date
may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of TKB Class A Shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined
by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and
later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted average price
of our TKB Class A Shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to,
in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 TKB Class A Shares for each whole warrant. For an example
where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of
our TKB Class A Shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to,
in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 TKB Class A Shares for each whole warrant. In no event will
the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 TKB Class A Shares per
warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they
cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not
be exercisable for any TKB Class A Shares. 

This redemption feature differs from the typical
warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other
than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the TKB Class A Shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period
of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the TKB Class A Shares
are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our TKB Class A Shares is below the exercise
price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the
warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price
per TKB Class A Share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption
pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed
volatility input as of the date of the prospectus relating to our IPO. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism
by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no
longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed and we will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant
holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we
determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best
interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when
the TKB Class A Shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide
certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the TKB Class A Shares are
trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer TKB Class A Shares
than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for TKB Class A Shares if and when such TKB Class
A Shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional TKB Class A Shares will be issued
upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest
whole number of the number of TKB Class A Shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable
for a security other than the TKB Class A Shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company
in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable
for a security other than the TKB Class A Shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register
under the Securities Act the security issuable upon exercise of the warrants. 

8 

Redemption procedures 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing
in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the TKB Class A Shares outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-dilution adjustments 

If the number of outstanding TKB Class A Shares
is increased by a share capitalization or share dividend payable in TKB Class A Shares, or by a division of ordinary shares or other similar
event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization or share dividend, division or similar event, the number of TKB Class
A Shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights
offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase TKB Class A Shares at a price less
than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of TKB Class A Shares
equal to the product of (i) the number of TKB Class A Shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity
securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for TKB Class A Shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient
of (x) the price per TKB Class A Share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i)
if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for TKB Class A Shares, in determining the price payable for
TKB Class A Shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable
upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume-weighted average price of TKB Class A
Shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the TKB Class A Shares
trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of
the holders of the TKB Class A Shares on account of such TKB Class A Shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other
cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the TKB Class A Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such
dividend or distribution, does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends
or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of TKB Class A Shares issuable on exercise
of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50
per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of TKB Class A Shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination,
(d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of TKB Class A Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our TKB Class A Shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our TKB Class A Shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each TKB Class A Share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding TKB Class A Shares
is decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of TKB Class A Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
date of such consolidation, combination or reclassification or similar event, the number of TKB Class A Shares issuable on exercise of
each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding TKB Class A Shares. 

Whenever the number of TKB Class A Shares purchasable
upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant
exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of TKB Class A Shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number
of TKB Class A Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

9 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional TKB Class
A Shares or equity-linked securities, excluding the forward purchase securities, for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or
effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders
or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), or the Newly Issued Price, (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the
total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our TKB Class A Shares
during the 20-trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination,
or the Market Value, is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under
 Redemption of warrants when the price per TKB Class A Share equals or exceeds 18.00 and 
Redemption of warrants when the price per TKB Class A Share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described
above under Redemption of warrants when the price per TKB Class A Share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding TKB Class A Shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such TKB Class A Shares),
or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another company (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are
the continuing company and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding TKB Class A Shares), or in
the case of any sale or conveyance to another company or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially
as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive,
upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the TKB Class A Shares immediately theretofore
purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of TKB Class A Shares or other securities
or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following
any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately
prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of TKB Class A Shares in such a transaction is payable
in the form of TKB Class A Shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in
an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered 
holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise
price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement)
of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary
transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the
full potential value of the warrants. 

The warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, and
that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
public warrants and forward purchase warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants,
a majority of the then-outstanding private placement warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description
of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive
TKB Class A Shares. After the issuance of TKB Class A Shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for
each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

10 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of TKB Class A Shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

The forward purchase warrants will be identical
to the warrants issued in our IPO, other than the forward purchase warrants will be subject to transfer restrictions and the forward purchasers
will be entitled to registration rights with respect to the forward purchase securities. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and
warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and
employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for
any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the
Trust Account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that
it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be
able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the Trust Account and not against the any monies in the Trust Account or
interest earned thereon. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments and differs from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain
circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands
exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between
two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain
prescribed information hat plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution being (i) the affirmative
vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented
by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders)
or the shareholders of each company, or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s
articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company i.e. , a company that owns
at least 90 of the issued shares of each Class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a
fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have
been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign
company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company
are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out
below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign
company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of
those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and
remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no
receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has
been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

11 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands
exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that,
having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able
to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of
the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or
consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived, (b) the transfer is permitted by and
has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign
company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation
becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there
is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies
Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the
merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give
his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including
a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b)
within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give
written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice
from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details,
a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out
in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the
constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase
his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days
following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder
fail to agree a price within such 30-day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30-day period expires, the company (and
any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must
be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their
shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the
shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting
shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair
value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding
shares of any Class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system
at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities
exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory
provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally
be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as
a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme
of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate
a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each Class of shareholders and
creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such Class of shareholders
or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary
general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned
by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the
transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the general meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

12 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as
described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive
payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders
of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover
offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within
a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be
made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion
or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction
and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits . Maples and Calder
(Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court.
Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such
actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example)
our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English
authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the
foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action
against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman
Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman)
LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments
of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state, and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are
penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced
in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine
or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained
in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards
of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings
if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies .
We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies
and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands
may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
company except for the exemptions: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

13 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability means
that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional
circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances
in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil. 

Memorandum and Articles of Association 

The Business Combination Article of our memorandum
and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our IPO that apply to
us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter
of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either: (i) at least two-thirds
(or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting
for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized
by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our memorandum
and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders i.e. ,
the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders will participate in any
vote to amend our memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically,
our memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a Class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 15 months from the closing of our IPO or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event that we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; 

14 

We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our memorandum and articles of
 association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
 combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 29, 2023 or (B)
 with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will
 provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their TKB Class A Shares upon such approval at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which
 interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the
 limitations and on the conditions described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our memorandum and articles of association
provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001. However, we may raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation
of our IPO, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s
articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority
is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum
and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering,
structure and business plan which are contained in our memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding
obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions
unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands 

If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows
or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or is involved with
terrorism or terrorist property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business
in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion
to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands
if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the
Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement
with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction
upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Memorandum
and Articles of Association 

Our memorandum and articles of association provide
that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control
of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued TKB Class A Shares
and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved TKB Class A Shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control
of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

15 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors will initially be divided
into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each Class serving staggered three-year terms. Our memorandum and
articles of association will provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors.
Subject to the terms of any preference shares, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause
and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote
generally in the appointment of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. However,
prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors;
provided, however, that with respect to the appointment of directors in connection with a meeting of our shareholders in which a business
combination is submitted to our shareholders for approval, holders of the TKB Class A Shares and holders of the TKB Class B Shares, voting
together as a single class, have the exclusive right to vote for the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are not be
entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination,
holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the (i) founder shares, which were
issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our IPO, (ii) private placement warrants, which were issued in a private placement
simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and the TKB Class A Shares underlying such private placement warrants and (iii) private placement
warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of
any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of our IPO. Pursuant to the
registration rights agreement and assuming the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full and 1,500,000 of working capital
loans are converted into private placement warrants, we will be obligated to register up to 18,000,000 TKB Class A Shares and 12,250,000
warrants. The number of TKB Class A Shares includes (i) 5,750,000 TKB Class A Shares to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares,
(ii) 10,750,000 TKB Class A Shares underlying the private placement warrants and (iii) 1,500,000 TKB Class A Shares underlying the private
placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The number of warrants includes 10,750,000 private placement warrants
and 1,500,000 private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, TKB Class A Shares and warrants are
listed on Nasdaq under the symbols USCTU, USCT and USCTW, respectively. 

16 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tkbcriticaltech1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Angela Blatteis, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of TKB Critical Technologies 1; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

2. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Angela Blatteis 

Angela Blatteis 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tkbcriticaltech1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Greg Klein, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of TKB Critical Technologies 1; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Greg Klein 

Greg Klein 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tkbcriticaltech1_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form
10-K of TKB Critical Technologies 1 (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Angela Blatteis, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Angela Blatteis 

Angela Blatteis 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 tkbcriticaltech1_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form
10-K of TKB Critical Technologies 1 (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Greg Klein, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best
of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Greg Klein 

Greg Klein 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 usctu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 usctu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 usctu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 usctu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

