<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230517_10-K_edgar_data_1674440_0001493152-23-017930.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11359374</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>458848</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2204988</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3649071</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2272438</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2558912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-017930.hdr.sgml : 20230517
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230517154118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-017930
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230517
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230517

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Connexa Sports Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674440
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				611789640
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41423
		FILM NUMBER:		23931442

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2709 N ROLLING RD
		STREET 2:		UNIT 138 NEW WINDSOR
		CITY:			NEW WINDSOR
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			21244
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(443) 407-7564

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2709 N ROLLING RD
		STREET 2:		UNIT 138 NEW WINDSOR
		CITY:			NEW WINDSOR
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			21244

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Slinger Bag Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220412

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Connexa Sports Technologies Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220412

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Slinger Bag Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-017930.txt : 20230517

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

MARYLAND 

(Address
of principal executive offices, including Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common equity voting shares of the registrant held by non-affiliates on October 31, 2022, the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately .50. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, as of May 17, 2023, was . 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, 
 may, should, could, will, plan, future, continue, 
and other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to historical matters identify
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations or forecasts of future events, can
be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties, a number of which
are beyond our control. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this document,
and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A wide variety of factors
could cause or contribute to such differences and could adversely impact revenues, profitability, cash flows and capital needs. There
can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this document will, in fact, transpire or prove to be accurate.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the
section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by any forward-looking statements. 

Important
factors that may cause the actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements, projections or other expectations include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

risk that we will not be
 able to remediate identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 

risk that we fail to meet
 the requirements of the agreements under which we acquired our business interests, including any cash payments to the business operations,
 which could result in the loss of our right to continue to operate or develop the specific businesses described in the agreements; 

risk that we will be unable
 to secure additional financing in the near future in order to commence and sustain our planned development and growth plans; 

risk that we cannot attract,
 retain and motivate qualified personnel, particularly employees, consultants and contractors for our operations; 

risks and uncertainties
 relating to the various industries and operations we are currently engaged in; 

results of initial feasibility,
 pre-feasibility and feasibility studies, and the possibility that future growth, development or expansion will not be consistent
 with our expectations; 

risks related to the inherent
 uncertainty of business operations including profit, cost of goods, production costs and cost estimates and the potential for unexpected
 costs and expenses; 

risks related to commodity
 price fluctuations; 

the uncertainty of profitability
 based upon our history of losses; 

risks related to failure
 to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms for our planned development projects; 

risks related to environmental
 regulation and liability; 

risks related to tax assessments; 

other risks and uncertainties
 related to our prospects, properties and business strategy. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as
of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements
to conform these statements to actual results, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

As
used in this report, the Connexa, Company, we, us, or our refer
to Connexa Sports Technologies Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 

i 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 (FORMERLY
KNOWN AS SLINGER BAG INC.) 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 39 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 40 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 41 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 51 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 53 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 60 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 65 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 65 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 

ii 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the 

 Fiscal
Year Ended April 30, 2022 

The
following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and
the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K, as well as the risk factors included in this Form 10-K. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. Business 

History
of our Company 

Lazex Inc. Lazex was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on July 12, 2015. On August 23, 2019, the majority owner of Lazex entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement with Slinger Bag Americas Inc., a Delaware corporation Slinger Bag Americas ), which was 100 
owned by Slinger Bag Ltd. SBL ), an Israeli company. In connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement, Slinger Bag Americas
acquired 2,000,000 shares of common stock of Lazex for 332,239. On September 16, 2019, SBL transferred its ownership of Slinger Bag Americas
to Lazex in exchange for the 200,000 shares of Lazex acquired on August 23, 2019. As a result of these transactions, Lazex owned 100 
of Slinger Bag Americas and the sole shareholder of SBL owned 200,000 shares of common stock (approximately 82 of Lazex. Effective September
13, 2019, Lazex changed its name to Slinger Bag Inc. 

On October 31, 2019, Slinger Bag
Americas acquired control of Slinger Bag Canada, Inc., Slinger Bag Canada a Canadian company incorporated on November
3, 2017. There were no assets, liabilities or historical operational activity of Slinger Bag Canada. 

On February 10, 2020, Slinger
Bag Americas became the 100 owner of SBL, along with SBL s wholly owned subsidiary Slinger Bag International (UK) Limited Slinger
Bag UK ), which was formed on April 3, 2019. On February 10, 2021, Zehava Tepler, the owner of SBL, contributed Slinger Bag UK to
Slinger Bag Americas for no consideration. 

Effective February 25, 2020, the
Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 75,000,000 to 300,000,000 via a four-to-one forward split of its
outstanding shares of common stock. All share and per share information contained in this report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect
the impact of the stock split. 

On June 21, 2021, Slinger Bag
Americas entered into a membership interest purchase agreement with Charles Ruddy to acquire a 100 ownership stake in Foundation Sports
Systems, LLC Foundation Sports ). 

On February 2, 2022, the Company
entered into a share purchase agreement with Flixsense Pty, Ltd. Gameface ). As a result of the share purchase agreement,
Gameface would become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On February 22, 2022, the Company
entered into a merger agreement with PlaySight Interactive Ltd. PlaySight and Rohit Krishnan (the Shareholders 
Representative ). As a result of the merger agreement, PlaySight would become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

During April 2022, the Company
determined that the technology utilized in the Foundation Sports acquired entity would take substantially more financial resources and
more time to bring to market and achieve profitability than originally anticipated. As a result, the goodwill and intangible assets related
to Foundation Sports were fully impaired as of April 30, 2022, resulting in an impairment loss of 3,486,599. In addition, during April
2022 the Company decided to sell a portion of Foundation Sports. The Company continued to classify Foundation Sports in continuing operations,
until December 5, 2022 when they sold 75 of Foundation Sports back to the original owners at which time it deconsolidated this subsidiary
and recorded a loss on the sale. The Company also determined to dispose of the PlaySight entity during the year ended April 30, 2023.
The Company completed the sale in November 2022 and recorded a loss on the sale at that time. 

In April 2022, the Company changed
its domicile from Nevada to Delaware. On April 7, 2022, the Company effected a name change to Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. We also
changed our ticker symbol, CNXA . Connexa is now the holding company under which Slinger Bag, PlaySight, Gameface and Foundation
Sports reside. 

The operations of Slinger Bag
Inc., Slinger Bag Americas, Slinger Bag Canada, Slinger Bag UK, SBL, Foundation Sports, PlaySight and Gameface are collectively referred
to as the Company. 

On June 14, 2022, the Company
effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split, where the Company s common stock began to trade on a reverse split adjusted basis. No fractional
shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split and all such fractional interests were rounded up to the nearest whole number
of shares of common stock. All references to the outstanding stock have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect this reverse split. The
Company also consummated a public offering of shares of its common stock and the listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

1 

The Company operates in the sports
equipment and technology business. The Company is the owner of the Slinger Launcher, which is comprised of a portable tennis ball launcher,
a portable padel tennis ball launcher and a portable pickleball launcher and Gameface AI, providing AI technology and performance analytics. 

From
inception to date, we have been focused on the ball sport market globally. Our
first product, the Slinger Bag Launcher, is a patented, highly portable, versatile and affordable ball launcher built into an easy to
transport wheeled trolley bag. 

Tennis
ball machines have been around since the 1950 s when they were introduced by Rene Lacoste. Improvements to performance were made
in the 1970 s when Prince started its tennis business on the back of its first product Little Prince which was
a vacuum operated ball machine. In the 1990 s the first battery operated machines came to the market and since that time very little,
if anything, has changed in the structure of ball machines products outside of added computerization. Typically, the machines being marketed
by traditional ball machine brands are large, cumbersome and awkward to operate. They are also generally expensive often well
above U.S. 1,000 compared to the entry price of 700 for a Slinger Bag Launcher. We believe that up until the introduction of the Slinger
Bag Launcher, the majority of traditional tennis ball machines were sold to tennis facilities, institutions and tennis teachers, with
only a few being sold directly to tennis playing consumers. 

Following the acquisitions of
Foundation Sports, Gameface and PlaySight Interactive, the Connexa holding company was established and the original equipment-only Slinger
Bag company business is being transformed into a sports technology company focused on providing equipment and software based services
to sports teams, facilities, academies, events, federations, clubs and players and participants of all ages and abilities. 

Recent
Events 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
June 14, 2022, we effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split, where upon our common stock began to trade on a reverse split adjusted basis.
Issued and outstanding stock options and warrants were split on the same basis and exercise prices were adjusted accordingly. All common
stock per share numbers and prices included herein have been adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split, unless stated otherwise, and
other than unaudited and audited financial statements and other historical share disclosures which indicate they are not adjusted for
the reverse stock split. 

Sale
of PlaySight 

On
November 27, 2022, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement (the Agreement with PlaySight, Chen Shachar and
Evgeni Khazanov (together, the Buyer pursuant to which the Buyer purchased 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of
PlaySight from the Company in exchange for (1) releasing the Company from all of PlaySight s obligations towards its vendors, employees,
tax authorities and any other (past, current and future) creditors of PlaySight; (2) waiver by the Buyer of 100 of the personal consideration
owed to them under their employment agreements in the total amount of U.S. 600,000 (which would have been increased in December 2022
to U.S. 800,000); and (3) cash consideration of U.S. 2 million to be paid to the Company as follows: 

(i) 
 a promissory note in the
 amount of U.S. 2 million issued and delivered to the Company (the Promissory Note ). 

(ii) 
 The maturity due date of
 the Promissory Note is December 31, 2023 subject to a one year extension in the discretion of the Buyer until December 31, 2024. 

(iii) 
 The Promissory Note can
 be partially paid over the time, but in the event it is not paid in full by December 31, 2024, then the remaining amount due (i.e.
 U.S. 2 million less any amount paid), will be converted into ordinary shares of PlaySight (the Deposited Shares ),
 which will be deposited with the escrow company of Altshuler Shaham Trust Ltd. (the Escrow Agent for the benefit of
 the Company or, at the election of the Company, issued in the form of a stock certificate or recorded in some other market-standard
 format to be held by the Escrow Agent. 

2 

(iv) 
 The number of the Deposited
 Shares shall be determined according to the post-money valuation of the last investment round of the Company, and in the absence
 of such investment round, the total number of the Deposited Shares shall be 2 million divided by the Company s valuation to
 be determined at that time by a third party appraiser, to be nominated by both the Company and the Buyer (the Appraiser ).
 The Company and the Buyer have agreed that the identity of the Appraiser shall be Murray Devine Valuation Advisers, to the extent
 their cost of the appraisal shall not be higher than the cost of other appraisers from the big 4 accounting firms (i.e. E Y,
 KPMG, PWC and Deloitte). The Company and the Buyer have agreed to split the cost of the Appraiser. 

The
Company has also released PlaySight from all of its obligations (except for those created by the Agreement) in respect of the Company,
including any inter-company debts on the books, and the Buyer has released the Company from all of its obligations (except for those
created by the Agreement) in respect of PlaySight and the Buyer. 

The
Company and the Buyer have also agreed to use their best efforts to enter into a non-exclusive binding agreement within three (3) months
from the date of the Agreement that permits the Company to receive individual and match analytics for racquet sports (including, but
not limited to, tennis, padel and pickle ball) without any upfront cost to the Company and based on revenues to be received from the
Company s customers and users of the analytics. For the avoidance of doubt, the specific terms of such cooperation shall be determined
by the Buyer and the Company within the final cooperation agreement, and if it would require PlaySight for the exclusive purpose of such
cooperation to develop any additional and new features, which do not exist in the current system of PlaySight, then such R D costs
shall be solely covered by the Company. Any future features that will be developed within PlaySight s ordinary course of business,
and not exclusively for the purpose of the cooperation agreement, shall not be covered by Company. 

The
reason for the entry into the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is to eliminate the need for the Company to provide
further financing for PlaySight s operations. The obligations that the Company assumed in connection with the merger agreement
dated October 6, 2021, as amended by the addendum to and amendment to agreement for the merger dated February 16, 2022 remain in full
force and effect in accordance with their terms and are not affected by the sale of PlaySight to the Buyer. 

Sale of Foundation Tennis 

On December 5, 2022, the Company
assigned 75 of its membership interest in Foundation Sports to Charles Ruddy, its founder and granted him the right for a period of three
years to purchase the remaining 25 of its Foundation Sports membership interests for 500,000 in cash. As of December 5, 2022, the results
of Foundation Sports will no longer be consolidated in the Company s financial statements, and the investment was accounted for
as an equity method investment. On December 5, 2022, the Company analyzed this investment and established a reserve for the investment
at the full amount of 500,000. 

September
2022 Private Placement 

On
September 28, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with a
single institutional investor (the Investor for the issuance and sale of (i) 1,018,510 shares of common stock and (ii)
pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 11,802,002 shares of its common stock, together
with accompanying common stock warrants, at a combined purchase price of 0.39 per share of the common stock and associated common stock
warrant and 0.3899 per Pre-Funded Warrant and associated common stock warrants for an aggregate amount of approximately 5.0 million
(the Offering ). The Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of 0.00001 per share of common stock and are exercisable
until the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The shares of common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants were sold in the offering together
with common stock warrants to purchase 12,820,512 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.39 per share and a term of five years
following the initial exercise date (the 5-Year Warrants and 25,641,024 common stock warrants to purchase 25,641,024 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 0.43 per share and a term of seven and one half years (the 7.5-Year Warrants following the initial exercise date (collectively, the Warrants ). The Warrants issued in the Offering contain variable
pricing features. The Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants will be exercisable beginning on the date stockholder approval is received and
effective allowing exercisability of the Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants under Nasdaq rules. 

On
September 28, 2022, the Company and the Investor entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ).
The Registration Rights Agreement provides that the Company shall file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC covering the resale of the unregistered shares of common stock and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants no later than December 20, 2022 (the Filing Date and to use best efforts to have
the registration statement declared effective as promptly as practical thereafter, and in any event no later than sixty (60) days after
the Filing Date. 

The
Company used the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital purposes and to repurchase inventory. 

Spartan
Capital Securities LLC acted as the exclusive placement agent in the Offering. 

3 

January
2023 Private Placement 

On
January 6, 2023, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (the Loan and Security Agreement with a one or
more institutional investors (the Lenders and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. as agent for the Lenders (the Agent for the issuance and sale of (i) a note in an aggregate principal amount of up to 2,000,000 (the Note with the initial
advance under the Loan and Security Agreement being 1,400,000 and (ii) warrants (the Warrants to purchase a number of
shares of common stock of the Company equal to 200 of the face amount of the Note divided by the closing price of the common stock of
the Company on the date of the issuance of the Notes (collectively, the Initial Issuance ). The closing price of the Company s
common stock on January 6, 2023, as reported by Nasdaq, was 0.221 per share, so the Warrants in respect of the initial advance under
the Note are exercisable for up to 18,099,548 shares of the Company s common stock. The Warrants have an exercise price per share
equal to the closing price of the common stock of the Company on the date of the issuance of the Note, or 0.221 per share and a term
of five- and one-half (5 years following the initial exercise date. The initial exercise date of the Warrants will be the date
stockholder approval is received and effective allowing exercisability of the Warrants under Nasdaq rules. Pursuant to the terms of the
Loan and Security Agreement, an additional advance of 600,000 may be made by to the Company under the Note. The Company s obligations
under the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by all of the Company s subsidiaries
(the Guarantors ). 

In
connection with the Loan and Security Agreement, the Company and each of the Guarantors entered into a pledge and security agreement
with the Agent (the Pledge and Security Agreements ). The Pledge and Security Agreements provide that the Company and the
Guarantors will grant the Agent a security interest in all of the Company s and each Guarantor s respective assets. 

The
Company is required to use the net proceeds from the Loan and Security Agreement to pay expenses, including accounting and legal fees,
relating to the registration of certain previously issued securities of the Company, which securities were issued to an affiliate of
the Agent, and following the payment of such expenses, to fund the Company s operations. 

Sale
and Consignment of Inventory 

On
January 6, 2023, we sold certain of our inventory including all components, parts, additions and accessions thereto to Yonah Kalfa and
Naftali Kalfa who immediately consigned it back to us in exchange for a payment of 103 per ball launcher we sell until we have paid
them an aggregate total of 2,092,700, which represents payment in full of the principal amounts of the Loan Agreements (as defined below)
and certain other expenses they incurred in connection with the Company. 

Exclusive Padel distribution
Agreement 

On March 7, 2023, Slinger Bag entered into an exclusive
distribution agreement for Padel Tennis with a company located in Valencia, Spain called with Desarrollo y Promocion de Padel S.L. This
agreement is contracted to deliver approximately 20million in revenue over a 5 year period. 

Delinquency
Notices 

On
August 16, 2022, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that, since the Company
has not yet filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, as previously reported by the Company on a
Form 12b-25, it no longer complies with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) for continued listing. On September 26, 2022, the Company announced
that it had received a letter from the Nasdaq on September 22, 2022 Notice Letter ), notifying the Company that it is not
in compliance with the periodic filing requirements for continued listing because the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended
July 31, 2022 (the 2023 Q1 10-Q and Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 (the 2022 10-K and,
together with the 2023 Q1 10-Q, the Periodic Reports were not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the
required due dates. 

On
October 10, 2022, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that the Company s
common stock is subject to potential delisting from Nasdaq because, for a period of 30 consecutive business days, the bid price of the
Company s common stock has closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule
5450(a)(1) (the Bid Price Rule ). The Nasdaq notice indicated that, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
the Company will be provided 180 calendar days, or until April 10, 2023, to regain compliance. If, at any time before April 10, 2023,
the bid price of the Company s common stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq
staff will provide written notification that the Company has achieved compliance with the Bid Price Rule. If the Company fails to regain
compliance with the Bid Price Rule before April 10, 2023, t he Company may be eligible for an additional
180-calendar day compliance period. To qualify, the Company will be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market
value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for Nasdaq, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and
will need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse
stock split, if necessary. In the event the Company is not eligible for the second grace period, Nasdaq will provide written notice that
the Company s common stock is subject to delisting. 

On
November 17, 2022, Gabriel Goldman and Rohit Krishnan resigned from the board of directors of the Company. Gabriel and Rohit were members
of the audit and compensation committees. Gabriel Goldman was a member of the Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Neither Gabriel nor Rohit advised the Company of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies
or practices. As a result, the Company will be required to meet the continued listing requirement for board of directors and committees. 

4 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that the Company s failure to file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31, 2023 Additional
Delinquency serves as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities from Nasdaq. The Company received a letter
from the Nasdaq on February 14, 2023, indicating that, due to the Company s failure, in violation of Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), to
file its (i) Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022; and (ii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
for the periods ended July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2022 (collectively, the Delinquent Filings ), by February 13,
2023 (the due date for filing the Delinquent Filings pursuant to an exception to Nasdaq s Listing Rule previously granted by Nasdaq),
absent the submission of a timely appeal by February 21, 2023, trading of the Company s common stock would have been suspended
from the Nasdaq at the opening of business on February 23, 2023. Nasdaq would also have filed a Form 25-NSE with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ), which would have resulted in the removal of the Company s securities from listing and registration
on the Nasdaq (the Staff Determination ). Additionally, on October 10, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq
indicating that the Company s common stock is subject to potential delisting from Nasdaq because, for a period of 30 consecutive
business days, the bid price of the Company s common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued
listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). 

On
January 12, 2023, Nasdaq notified the Company that due to the resignations from the Company s board, audit committee and compensation
committee on November 17, 2022 Corporate Governance Deficiencies ), the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq s
independent director, audit committee and compensation committee requirements as set forth in Listing Rule 5605. The Company timely submitted
its plan of compliance with respect to the Corporate Governance Deficiencies by February 27, 2023 as required by the Nasdaq. However,
pursuant to Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(A), the Corporate Governance Deficiencies serve as an additional and separate basis for delisting
and the Company. 

On
February 21, 2023, consistent with the Company s previously announced intention to request an appeal of the Staff Determination
by requesting a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel to stay the suspension of the Company s
securities and the filing of the Form 25-NSE with the SEC (the Hearing ), the Company appealed the Staff Determination
to the Panel, and requested that the stay of delisting, which otherwise would expire on March 8, 2023, pursuant to Listing Rule 5815(a)(1)(B),
be extended until the Panel issued a final decision on the matter. The Nasdaq granted the Company s request to extend the stay,
pending the Hearing scheduled for March 30, 2023, and a final determination regarding the Company s listing status. The Company
is required to address the Additional Delinquency, the Delinquent Filings, and the Corporate Governance Deficiencies before the Panel.
Although the Company is working diligently to file the Delinquent Filings and Additional Delinquency, there can be no assurance that
they will be filed prior to the Hearing. If the Company s appeal is denied or the Company fails to timely regain compliance with
Nasdaq s continued listing standards, the Company s common stock will be subject to delisting on the Nasdaq. 

On March 30, 2023, the Company
had its hearing with the Nasdaq, which indicated that a decision with respect to the Company s listing status on the Nasdaq would
be rendered within two weeks. 

On April 12, 2023, the Company
received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that the Company had not yet regained compliance
with the Bid Price Rule, which serves as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities from the Nasdaq. The letter
further indicated that the Panel will consider this matter in its decision regarding the Company s continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. In that regard, the Nasdaq indicated that the Company should present its views with respect to this additional delinquency
to the Panel in writing no later than April 19, 2023. 

The Company offers no assurance
that its request to be granted further time to file its Delinquent Filings, regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule and redress its
Corporate Governance Deficiencies and to remain listed on the Nasdaq will be granted. 

Industry
Overview 

Over the next five years, we
believe that most stadia, schools, academies, pro teams, colleges, clubs, facilities, courts, fields, rinks and pitches will begin transitioning
to and becoming Smart with connected, AI (artificial intelligence) based video and analytics technology, as well as, membership
based facilities more widely incorporating the use of facility management and court booking software products - all being key component
for driving broader engagement with consumers to offer an enhanced degree of operational efficiency and providing greater enjoyment to
players in their chosen sport. 

Over the course of the next twelve
months, we will be focused on the global tennis, padel tennis and pickleball as our primary target markets. The ITF cites the global tennis
market as having 80 million active participants, with many million other consumers being acknowledged as avid fans of the sport. Pickleball
is now widely recognized as the fastest growing sport in the United States with over 5 million regular players and Padel Tennis is also
seeing significant participant growth throughout Europe and South America primarily. Currently it is estimated that there are up to as
many as 10 million Padel players globally. 

Manufacturing
and Distribution 

Production of the Slinger Bag
Launcher is based in southern China. We are engaged with 10 individual part suppliers, and all of these parts come together at our contracted
assembly facility in Xiamen, China, where the Launchers are assembled and quality control checked before being processed for global distribution. 

5 

Our manufacturing capacity is
estimated at approximately 5,000 units monthly. This capacity will be shared across our three Slinger Bag Launcher products tennis,
pickleball, and padel. The pickleball product has been introduced to the market in March 2023 and this will be followed by Padel tennis
in June 2023. 

In
developing our Slinger Bag tennis, pickleball and padel launchers, we have designed the three products that share many common parts.
We expect this to aid efficiency of the production process. 

We have engaged an independent
and experienced vendor management company to manage all of our production activities, our quality control process and quality assurance
activities, both across our individual vendor partners and at the assembly facility. These processes have been developed together with
the Company with a goal of producing consistently high-quality and high performing products. 

We have a global distribution
network, and all shipments made to distributor markets outside of the United States and Canada are shipped free-on-board FOB Xiamen, China, thereby immediately becoming the responsibility of the distributor. South American distributors are typically serviced
from our US warehouse locations and European distributors are able to place replacement orders through a small third-party distribution
facility located in Rotterdam, Netherlands. 

Additionally,
we ship our Slinger-Dunlop co-branded tennis balls from Dunlop (our supplier) to the United States or to Rotterdam for further distribution
through our distribution network. 

Gameface
AI is a software-as-a-service company and, as such, has no direct procurement or supply chain requirements. 

Strategy 

Slinger
Bag Launchers for tennis, pickleball and padel 

In introducing the Slinger Bag
Launcher, we saw an opportunity to disrupt the traditional tennis market. Through until March 2023 Slinger Bag has been a single product
company marketing its Tennis Launcher for tennis players of all ages and abilities. Currently, approximately 70 of Slinger Bag Tennis
Launcher revenues are generated through our direct-to-consumer strategy in North America. We operate a third-party distributor structure
in all markets outside of North America. Distributor partners have exclusive territories and / or product categories. We endeavor to partner
with distributors who have a recognized background within the tennis, pickleball or padel industries for their respective market, along
with them having the requisite financial capacity and service infrastructure to grow the Slinger Bag brand through a similar go-to-market
strategy as is operated directly by the Slinger Bag business in North America. All distributor partners purchase Slinger Bag Launchers
at a discounted distributor pricing structure, which is considerably lower than the retail price, and are responsible for placing their
product orders up to 3 months in advance of their delivery requirement. 

The
United States market will remain predominantly a direct-to-consumer market for Slinger Bag for Tennis and for Pickleball. 

As the largest tennis and pickleball
market in the world with 17.4 million tennis players and over 5 million pickleball players, the United States is a key market both to
establish the Slinger brand and to drive demonstrable growth. Direct-to-consumer sales are further supplemented by one or more third-party
internet sites focused on either the tennis or the pickleball market. This market is served by third-party logistics facilities in West
Columbia, South Carolina and Reno, Nevada, which are operated by one of our logistics partners. All end consumer service support is currently
managed by a small service team based in Canada. All distributor partners are managed and supported by our distributor manager located
in Israel. 

6 

Gameface 

Gameface
provides access to analytics data by building an automated AI platform to analyze and extract data from sport videos across tennis, baseball,
cricket and other sport verticals. Gameface AI s core capabilities are delivered through compatible camera or smart phone, which
allows us to build scalable solutions for the sports market without relying on specific hardware or camera types. 

We
envision Gameface as a product that will be at the heart of powering the Connexa portfolio of brands. We also see Gameface
technology as a driver of real-time data and analytics for a wide range of sports, brands and other strategic partners. 

Gameface
initially focused its technology on the cricket and soccer markets, where it has built an automated platform to extract various data
points from live and archived match footage. Since September 2021, the Gameface team has been dedicated to building its technology
to deliver performance insights in tennis, which will form the core of our new Slinger app. Later in 2023, Gameface plans to revisit
the cricket vertical and enhance its technology offering based on the advances made in tennis AI tools available through the
combined company, which will broaden and deepen its reach across the cricket world. In 2023 and going forward, Gameface expects to dedicate resources
to baseball analytics and identifying strategic partners for other team sports such as basketball and soccer. We also intend to
license technology to validated global partners for direct-to-consumer applications. 

PlaySight 

PlaySight provides high quality
live streaming and video-on-demand services for over 20 different sports, operating primarily in the United States and Europe. Through
its market leading camera and analytics software technologies PlaySight delivers superior quality live streaming of both individual and
team sports. Playsight is used by 50 of professional NBA teams as part of their training facility programs and is available across 80 
of D1 college campuses, as well as, by many professional sports academies and premier club facilities. 

Foundation Tennis 

Foundation Tennis is a software-as-a-service
company providing a facility management system, primarily for Tennis facilities. Foundation software offers the full spectrum of services
required by facility management providing a 1-stop system to manage their overall facility as well as specifically to manage their court
booking and adult / youth / junior programs and camps. Foundation software is also integrated with the Square payment platform providing
facilities with their POS solution. The software is delivered through bespoke web and app platforms making Foundation unique in its ability
to access facility members directly within the facility management software space. 

Connexa
Brand Marketing 

With
the go-to-market strategy for Slinger Bag focused on its core North American tennis and pickleball markets as a direct-to-consumer
business e-commerce brand, all marketing activity and advertising media is centered around a consumer push to the Slinger Bag
e-commerce platform at https://www.connexasports.com/ and then working to convert brand or product interest to purchases. Based on
the target tennis and pickleball demographic, our marketing focus for the brand centers is around three core marketing pillars:
digital advertising; influencers and brand ambassadors. Our marking efforts also focus on targeted social media
platforms. 

7 

Using
demographic data for tennis and pickleball and following a period of advertising testing, our digital advertising spend focused
mainly towards Facebook and Google platforms. 

In
addition to our paid marketing activities, Slinger Bag relies on the expertise of our small internal team to build out a network of followers 
across various social media platforms mainly Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn. Today, Slinger Bag has consumers who are fans
of our brand and fully engaged in generating social media content through their own means. 

The Slinger Bag brand ambassador
team has also been integral to the overall brand marketing strategy in their support of our product by creating and sharing content, representing
themselves as affiliated with the brand and through their personal appearances at events, tournaments, etc. During the fiscal year that
ended on April 30, 2022, our ambassador team included: Tommy Hass, Robert Bryan, Darren Cahill, Eugenie Bouchard, Patrick Mouratoglou,
Dustin Brown and the Jensen brothers. The ambassador arrangements with Tommy Haas and the Bryan Brothers and have terminated prior to
the date hereof and the balance will terminate by May 25, 2023, after which we will no longer have any active tennis ambassadors. 

Similar prominent ambassadors
are being identified for pickleball and padel and are expected to be in place over the coming months. 

Outside
of this core marketing strategy, Slinger Bag has taken advantage of numerous opportunities to partner with key brands in the tennis
and pickleball spaces or to advertise at key tennis or pickleball related events. 

Additionally,
through our management team s close association to the tennis industry, we have been able to provide many touring professionals
with a Slinger Bag Launcher for their personal use. These arrangements were non-contractual product seeding opportunities. Players have
occasionally posted on social media about their use of the Slinger Bag Launcher, including tennis player, Simona Halep. 

To
support the Slinger Bag marketing program, we have engaged several agencies: 

Brand
 Nation, an influencer marketing agency based in London. Brand Nation leads our influencer
 programming globally. Influencers targeted are wide ranging and include leading sports, tennis,
 film, TV, music and blogger celebrities all known for the fact that they play tennis regularly
 and have a fan base in excess of 10,000 followers. All influencer activity is continually
 rolled back up to our social media platforms as a means of generating content, brand awareness
 and product interest. 

Ad
 Venture Media Group, a New York based PPC (pay-per-click) agency whose work is grounded in
 scientific analysis of consumer data and consumer trends. Ad Venture Media leads all digital
 advertising activities for Slinger Bag on a performance-based fee structure. 

We
 have partnered with Team HQS, who manages an affiliate marketing program geared towards US-based
 teaching professionals, players, juniors and events, in the United States tennis and pickleball markets. This target
 market is provided with unique affiliate marketing links and encouraged to create content
 and to share it on their social media accounts and in other such communities that they are
 connected to, in order to receive an affiliate marketing fee based on revenues generated
 by consumers purchasing Slinger Bag products attributable to them, via their direct link. 

Each
of our distributor partners around the world are establishing their Slinger product distribution business as we would do if we were establishing
a distribution subsidiary in each market. As such, each distributor adopts Slinger brand marketing programs while initiating new local
concepts of their own. Efforts aimed at reaching the tennis player directly and ensuring that the Slinger brand message is consistent
around the globe. Slinger Bag supports all of its brand distributors with full access to all of the company s marketing partners,
as well as direct contact to our internal marketing team. 

Our
marketing budget is primarily funded by, or determined in accordance with, the distributor partner linked to the distributors purchase
objectives. Each distributor executes local grassroots programs, including demonstration days, local teaching pro partnerships, specialist
tennis network communications, providing Slinger product locally as necessary to local key market tennis, pickleball and padel influencers to further increase
the intensity of the influencer effort. Typically, we support these activities with either discounted products or certain quantities
of free products. Distributor marketing budgets are allocated to Google, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and other relevant websites or
platforms in their region, and supported, approved and /or overseen by AdVenture Media Group where applicable. 

Brand
Endorsements 

We
have reached agreements with several globally recognized tennis players and coaches to become brand ambassadors. Each of the following
brand ambassadors is or was either a world-ranked singles or doubles tennis player or, in the case of Patrick Mouratoglou and Darren
Cahill, the coach of a number of world-ranked tennis players, who has a large number of fans and supporters and is active across many
aspects of tennis today. 

8 

Tommy Haas (former ATP #2 player
and current Tournament Director at the BNP Paribas Open) has been appointed the Slinger Bag Chief Ambassador. In this role Tommy has supported
Slinger in building out our global ambassador team focused on identifying ambassadors in our key global business markets of Japan, Europe,
Australia, China, Brazil and India. Tommy has also been very active supporting and promoting the Slinger Bag brand across the globe with
personal appearances at events we sponsor and via online training and drill videos. 

Robert
Bryan (member of the Bryan Brothers, well-known doubles team in the tennis world) has extended his ambassador agreements through 2023
and will continue to feature prominently in our marketing activities and messaging. 

Eugenie
Bouchard, a former top 5 Canadian WTA player with a significant social media following. 

Patrick
Mouratoglou, a prominent tennis coach globally and coach to Serena Williams, Simona Halep and Stefanos Tsitsipas. 

Darren
Cahill, former coach to world #1 Simona Halep, current ESPN Grand Slam tennis analyst, former coach to Andre Agassi and Lleyton Hewitt. 

Dustin
Brown, current ATP player. 

Luke
 Murphy Jensen (Jensen brothers), a former #1 ranked doubles team. 

In similar fashion we are in the process of identifying relevant ambassadors
to support our Pickleball and Padel category activities. 

We
also engaged with the following organizations to promote our Slinger brand and products. 

Peter
Burwash International PBI ), a United States-based, highly respected, global tennis services company set up by Peter Burwash
some 35 years ago. PBI provides tennis programs and other tennis services to over 28 of the global luxury resorts. Slinger Launchers
will be available to use at each resort and the PBI team will be actively promoting the Slinger brand as part of our affiliate marketing
activity. 

Functional
Tennis, an Ireland based social media tennis blog site with in excess of 250,000 followers. We are engaged with Functional Tennis in
a variety of ways and are the presenting sponsor of its weekly tennis podcast. 

The Dink a leading Pickleball
platform with 250,000 active pickleball players on their database. 

Strategic
Brand Partnerships 

Slinger
Bag believes that building strong strategic partnerships across the sport of tennis underpins the credibility and awareness of the Slinger
Bag brand. As such, we currently have several strategic partnerships across tennis. We believe these partnerships provide us significant
levels of brand exposure and credibility driving mutually beneficial marketing campaigns aimed at reaching avid tennis players globally. 

Details
of such partners announced and active today include: 

Dunlop:
 We have entered a strategic partnership with one of the most iconic tennis brands in the
 world, Dunlop, for the supply of co-branded Slinger-Dunlop tennis balls across the globe. 

9 

Peter
 Burwash International: An organization providing coaching and tennis services to high-level,
 high-quality hotels, resorts and tennis facilities across the globe. 

Mouratoglou
 Tennis Academy (MTA): A high profile tennis academy located in the south of France. Slinger
 Bag is the official ball launcher of the MTA. 

Tennis
 Europe: In partnership with Dunlop, Slinger Bag is the official tennis ball launcher of Tennis
 Europe. Tennis Europe provides a platform for aspiring junior tennis players to compete in
 age-group categorized events. 

Country
 Federations: Slinger Bag is an official partner of the UK Lawn Tennis Association LTA ). 

In similar vein, we are looking
to deliver partnerships for the co-branded supply of Pickle Balls and Padel tennis Balls. 

Competition 

Slinger
Bag Launcher 

There
are currently no direct competitors with products that are similar to the Slinger Bag Launcher, based on its affordability and tennis
bag functionality. There are, however, other companies that market traditional tennis ball machines, including the following brands: 

Spinshot 
 
 Lobster
 Sports 
 
 Spinfire 
 
 MatchMate 
 
 Sports
 Tutor 
 
 Silent
 Partner 
 
 Hydrogen
 Proton 
 
 Playmate 

Gameface 

There
are currently no competitors for our cricket and tennis analytics product that are similar to the cricket technique analysis app under
development or the Slinger app in beta testing, based on functionality and affordability. 

There
are, however, other companies that offer analytics using AI across different sports and at different levels, including Track160 (football),
Second Spectrum (basketball), Hawk Eye (tennis/football/cricket), Swingvision (tennis), Home Court (basketball), and Golf Boost Ai (golf). 

Foundation Tennis 

There are a wide number of
local, regional and global competitors in the facility / court booking software space. The largest is Playtomic (Spain). Other competitors
include Playbypoint, Court Reserve, Skedda, Planyo and others. 

10 

Intellectual
Property 

We
have applied for international design and utility patent protection for our main three products: Slinger Launcher, Slinger Oscillator
and Slinger Telescopic Ball Tube. Our utility patents have been applied for in all key markets including the US, China, Israel, Canada,
Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, and EU, and granted in US and China. Our design patents have been applied for and granted in US, China,
EU, United Kingdom, Canada, Israel, and Japan. Trademark protection has been applied for and/or received in the following countries: 

US 

Chile 

Mexico 

EU 

Russia 

Poland 

Czech
 Republic 

Australia 

New
 Zealand 

China 

South
 Korea 

Vietnam 

Singapore 

Canada 

United
 Arab Emirates 

South
 Africa 

Columbia 

Israel 

Japan 

Switzerland 

Indonesia 

Malaysia 

Thailand 

Turkey 

Argentina 

Brazil 

Trademark
protection is pending. 

We
are engaged in ongoing efforts to register more trademarks across an expanding list of products, services and applications, which are
in various stages of the registration process. 

We
own the rights to its www.connexasports.com/ domain and other associated and derivative domains. 

Gameface 

Gameface
is currently working to prepare patent applications, which are expected to include the United States, EU, China, Japan, India and Australia. 

PlaySight 

Gameface have 12 issued patents
primarily focused on Israel and USA markets 

Foundation Tennis 

Foundation Tennis does not
have any propriety software and, as such, has not applied for any patents or trademarks and does not own any intellectual property rights. 

Seasonal
Business 

The
Connexa group of companies expects to experience minor fluctuations in aggregate sales volume during the year. We expect revenues in
the first and fourth fiscal quarters to typically exceed those in the second and third fiscal quarters. However, the mix of product sales
across our group may vary considerably from time to time as a result of changes in seasonal and geographic demand for tennis and other
sports equipment and in connection with the timing of significant sporting events, such as any Grand Slam tennis tournament and, over
time, other sports competitions and in relation to new product market launches. 

11 

Costs
and Effects of Complying with Environmental Regulations 

Set
forth below is a detailed chart of all our Product Certifications for key global markets covering battery, remote control (radio wave),
and power charger. In addition, within the United States, we comply with the required California 65 regulations in respect to the materials
used in the construction of its trolley bag. 

Government Regulation 

Both
the Slinger Bag Launcher and the Slinger Oscillator meet all the United States government requirements for electrical, radio wave and
battery standards, as well as having all necessary and required certifications to facilitate global marketing and sales of these products. 

12 

Research
and Development 

Slinger
Bag 

Slinger
Bag is working with our vendor management partner, Stride Innovation, and our China based vendors to produce ball launchers for new market
segments, such as Pickleball, Padel and Baseball/Softball. These efforts are collaborative and based on a detailed product brief and
in-depth market and consumer research for each product category. The development timetable of the Slinger Bag Launcher for the new market
segments from concept to market launch is 18 months and includes at least 2 rounds or in-market field testing. 

We
are currently field testing our new our Baseball / Softball launchers, which are expected to be introduced to the market in
2024. We plan to introduce similar transportable, versatile and affordable ball launchers for cricket and other ball
sports over the course of the next three years. 

In
regard to development of our pending performance and analytics app, we have identified a combination of internal project leadership and
the development team of Gameface to create Tennis specific analysis code for the app. We also contracted a focused design agency to build
the road map for the user experience based on the technology being developed. 

Gameface 

Gameface
is involved in additional research and development of building methods to extract data reliably and more accurately from videos. A large
part of our research also includes identifying and associating extracted data points of athlete performance. Gameface is currently field
testing its new data visualization techniques to represent data in tennis, cricket and football, which are expected to be introduced
late in 2023 or early 2024. 

PlaySight 

PlaySight is primarily a B2B
business today. Current R D efforts are now focused on how to better deploy its technology to tennis consumers directly through mobile
/ handheld devices. 

Foundation Tennis 

Foundation Tennis is focused
on re-engineering its software for mass scale deployment. 

13 

Quality
Control 

Quality
control is a critical function within our company. 

As
a relatively new brand in the market, our business enterprise success will in part dependent on the quality and consistency of our products.
Slinger Bag has engaged Stride-Innovation, a company with in-depth experience working with ball sport companies such as ours and knowledge,
resources and experience in working with Chinese vendors of sports equipment. 

In
partnership, together, we have created and documented quality guidelines, testing procedures and warranty processes. We have implemented
an agreed quality audit process for all product parts being received and used by our product assembly vendor. All products go through
a rigorous, statistically validated quality control testing approval process before being confirmed as available to be released for shipment
to one of our distribution centers or to any of our distribution partners. 

We
offer a limited warranty with all purchases in accordance with local market statutory regulations. This limited warranty can be further
extended by the purchaser registering his/her unique product serial number at our website. 

Vendors 

Slinger
Bag works only with and through third-party suppliers. Slinger Bag has a formal supply of service agreement in place with our vendor
management partner, Stride-Innovation, for a wide range of support and services. We have a written agreement in place with our main vendor
partner, Xiamen Ruicheng Industrial Design Co., Ltd. 

Stride-Innovation
quality control teams regularly visit our vendor facilities and monitor production, employee conditions and welfare, and undertake quality
control testing. We do not utilize or condone the use of child labor of any kind in the production of our products. 

Employees 

As at the date of this report,
we have 8 full-time employees spread across Israel, USA, Australia, India and the UK. Management believes its relations with employees
is good. We also hire part-time employees and engage consultants to support our operations as needed. 

Facilities 

Our
principal office is located at 2709 N. Rolling Road, Suite 138, Windsor Mill, Maryland 21244. We entered into a lease for use of office
space at this location effective September 1, 2019. This location is owned by Zeek Logistics, which is a company owned by Yonah Kalfa,
who is a director, Chief Innovation Officer, and our largest shareholder. We do not pay any rent or fee to use this location. 

14 

COVID-19
Supply Issues 

Slinger
Bag is a business fully reliant on China based vendors for manufacture of its product. Throughout the course of 2022 the flow of production
was occasionally affected as the China government implemented regional lockdowns. As a company in the late part of 2021 we had anticipated
potential issues and made a conscious decision to over produce product to store at our warehouse locations to mitigate any enforced production
shutdowns. Over the course of 2022 and through the date of this report we have not experienced any significant supply chain issues in
the availability of our product. 

Gameface,
PlaySight and Foundation are primarily software based companies. As a result of the nature of their business, in the time that that we
owned these companies we have not seen any material impact on their business of any Covid related issues. 

Ukraine
War 

The
impact of the Ukraine ware has been limited on the Company with the direct impact being seen through those distributors bordering the
war zone who have seen a significant decline in demand. 

PlaySight
is at risk of significant impact in regards to the war. The operate a Tier 1 and Tier 2 customer service operations and also employ a
significant number of software consultants all based inside Ukraine. During the period that PlaySight was under Connexa ownership
there had not been any direct impact on the business. 

Gameface
 no direct impact seen on this business to date. 

Foundation
 no direct impact seen on this business to date. 

Going
Concern 

Our
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes we will be able to realize our assets and discharge its
liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. We have an accumulated deficit and more losses are anticipated
in the ongoing development of the business. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon us generating profitable operations in the future and/or being able to obtain
the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due.
Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand, loans from related parties, and/or
private placement of debt and/or common stock. 

There
can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds
will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital
resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force us to curtail
substantially or cease operations and would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, there can be no
assurance that any such required funds, if available, will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant
dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. 

In the Company s fiscal
quarter ended January 31, 2023, the Company divested PlaySight and 75 of its interest in Foundation Sports as the required monthly cash
burn became increasingly difficult to manage as inflation rose and the cost of manufacturing the Company s non-technological products
grew. As a result, the Company sold PlaySight back to its original owners of in November 2022, and the Company sold most (75 of Foundation
Tennis back to their original owners, with an option to purchase any remaining interests. The Company believes these divestitures will
bring about greater cash flow and result in a reduction in net loss from operations. 

We
intend to overcome the circumstances that impact its ability to remain a going concern through a combination of the commencement of revenues,
with interim cash flow deficiencies being addressed through additional equity and debt financing. We anticipate raising additional funds
through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements in the near future to support its business operations;
however, we may not have commitments from third parties for a sufficient amount of additional capital. We cannot be certain that any
such financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and its failure to raise capital when needed could limit its ability
to continue its operations. Our ability to obtain additional funding will determine its ability to continue as a going concern. Failure
to secure additional financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance,
results of operations and stock price and require it to curtail or cease operations, sell off its assets, seek protection from its creditors
through bankruptcy proceedings, or otherwise. Furthermore, additional equity financing may be dilutive to the holders of shares of our
common stock, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, and strategic relationships, if necessary, to raise
additional funds, and may require that we relinquish valuable rights. 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the financial
statements and related notes that appear at the end of this report, before deciding to invest in our securities. These risks should be
considered in conjunction with any other information included herein, including in conjunction with forward-looking statements made herein.
If any of the following risks actually occur, they could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business,
financial condition and operating results. The following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we
believe are the material factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. These factors could cause our future results
to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry 

We
depend on the strength of our brands. 

We
expect to derive substantially all of our net sales from sales of branded products and services we own, including Slinger and
Gameface, and those we have agreements to license technology, including PlaySight and Foundation Sports. The reputation and integrity of our
brands are essential to the success of our business. We believe that our consumers value the status and reputation of brands we
promote, and the superior quality, performance, functionality and durability that our brands represent. Building, maintaining and
enhancing the status and reputation of our brands image is important to expanding our consumer base. Our continued success
and growth depend on our ability to protect and promote our brands, which, in turn, depends on factors such as the quality,
performance, functionality and durability of our products and services, our communication activities, including advertising and
public relations, and our management of the consumer experience, including direct interfaces through customer service and warranty
repairs. We may decide to make substantial investments in these areas in order to maintain and enhance our brand, and such
investments may not be successful. 

15 

Additionally,
in order to expand our reach, we engage with third-party distributors. To the extent those third-party distributors fail to comply with
our operating guidelines, we may not be successful in protecting our brand image. Product defects, product recalls, counterfeit products
and ineffective marketing are among the potential threats to the strength of our brands and to protect our brands status we may
need to make substantial expenditures to mitigate the impact of such threats. 

Moreover,
if we fail to continue to innovate to ensure that our products are deemed to achieve superior levels of function, quality and design,
or to otherwise be sufficiently distinguishable from our competitors products, or if we fail to manage the growth of our on-line
sales in a way that protects the high-end nature of our brands, the value of our brands may be diluted, and we may not be able to maintain
our premium position and pricing or sales volumes, which could adversely affect our financial performance and business. We believe that
maintaining and enhancing our brands image in new markets where we have limited brand recognition is important to expanding our consumer
base. If we are unable to maintain or enhance our brands in new markets, then our growth strategy could be adversely affected. 

The
cost of raw materials, labor or freight could lead to an increase in our cost of sales and cause our results of operations to suffer . 

Increasing
costs for raw materials, labor or freight could make our sourcing processes more costly and negatively affect our gross margin and profitability.
Labor costs at our independent manufacturers sites have been increasing and it is unlikely that these increases will abate. Wage
and price inflation in our source countries could cause unanticipated price increases, which may be significant. Such price increases
by our independent manufacturers could be rapid in the absence of manufacturing contracts. Energy costs have fluctuated dramatically
in the past and may fluctuate in the future. Rising energy costs may increase our costs of transporting our products for distribution
and the costs of products that we source from independent suppliers. Further, many of our products are made of materials, such as high
impact plastics, plastic-injected molded parts, and lightweight high tensile strength metals, that are either petroleum-based or require
energy to construct and transport. Costs for transportation of such materials have been increasing as the price of petroleum increases.
Our independent suppliers and manufacturers may attempt to pass these cost increases on to us, and our relationships with them may be
harmed or lost if we refuse to pay such increases, which could lead to product shortages. If we pay such increases, we may not be able
to offset them through increases in our pricing and other means, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain our targeted gross
margins. If we attempt to pass the increases on to consumers, our sales may be adversely affected. 

Our
international operations involve inherent risks which could result in harm to our business. 

All
of our equipment is manufactured outside of the U.S. with a large volume of our products being also sold outside of the U.S. Accordingly,
we are subject to the risks generally associated with global trade and doing business abroad, which include foreign laws and regulations,
varying consumer preferences across geographic regions, political unrest, disruptions or delays in cross-border shipments and changes
in economic conditions in countries in which our products are manufactured or where we sell products. This includes, for example, the
uncertainty surrounding the effect of Brexit, including changes to the legal and regulatory framework that apply to the United Kingdom
and its relationship with the European Union, as well as new and proposed changes affecting tax laws and trade policy in the U.S. and
elsewhere as further described in other risks in this section. The U.S. presidential administration has indicated a focus on policy reforms
that discourage U.S. corporations from outsourcing manufacturing and production activities to foreign jurisdictions, including through
tariffs or penalties on goods manufactured outside the U.S., which may require us to change the way we conduct business and adversely
affect our results of operations. 

We
develop products in Israel and our chief marketing officer is located in Israel and, therefore, our business, financial condition and
results of operation may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel. 

A portion of our operations, including product development, is based in Israel. Our research and development is conducted through
our Israeli subsidiary and our chief marketing officer and chief innovation officer are both located in Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions
in Israel directly affect our business. 

Political,
economic and military conditions in Israel may directly affect our business. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948,
a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries, and between Israel and the Hamas and Hezbollah
extremist groups. In addition, several countries, principally in the Middle East, restrict doing business with Israel, and additional
countries may impose restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies whether as a result of hostilities in the region
or otherwise. Any hostilities involving Israel, terrorist activities, political instability or violence in the region or the interruption
or curtailment of trade or transport between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations and results of operations
and adversely affect the market price of our shares. 

Our
commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security situation in the Middle
East. Although the Israeli government is currently committed to covering the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by
terrorist attacks or acts of war, there can be no assurance that this government coverage will be maintained, or if maintained, will
be sufficient to compensate us fully for damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

16 

Further,
our operations could be disrupted by the obligations of our employees to perform military service. Our chief marketing officer is subject
to the obligation to perform reserve military duty. In response to increased tension and hostilities in the region, there have been,
at times, call-ups of military reservists, and it is possible that there will be additional call-ups in the future. Our operations could
be disrupted by the absence of these employees due to military service. Such disruption could harm our business and operating results. 

Popular
uprisings in various countries in the Middle East and North Africa are affecting the political stability of those countries. Such instability
may lead to deterioration in the political and trade relationships that exist between the State of Israel and these countries. Furthermore,
several countries, principally in the Middle East, restrict doing business with Israel and companies with an Israeli presence, and additional
countries may impose restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies if hostilities in the region continue or intensify.
Such restrictions may seriously limit our ability to sell our products to customers in those countries. 

Our
manufacturing takes place in China and is susceptible to shutdowns and delays caused by the Coronavirus and other diseases and epidemics.
Additionally, we rely on independent manufacturers and suppliers. 

As
at the date hereof, one of our manufacturing facilities is located in southern China. Following the outbreak of the Coronavirus our manufacturing
facility was shut down for three months, which caused some unforeseen delays in manufacturing and delivery of our products. However, there
may be further outbreaks of the Coronavirus and other diseases and epidemics, which may cause further delays and shutdowns. This,
in turn, will negatively affect our revenue and increase our expenses and costs. 

We
do not control our independent manufacturers and suppliers or their labor and other business practices. Violations of labor, environmental
or other laws by an independent manufacturer or supplier, or divergence of an independent manufacturer s or supplier s labor
or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical or appropriate in the U.S., could disrupt the shipments of our products or
draw negative publicity for us, thereby diminishing the value of our brand, reducing demand for our products and adversely affecting
our net income. Additionally, since we do not manufacture our products, we are subject to risks associated with inventory and product
quality-control. 

Further,
we have not historically entered into manufacturing contracts with our manufacturers; instead, we have hired them on an ad hoc basis.
Identifying a suitable manufacturer is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with the prospective manufacturer s
quality control, responsiveness and service capabilities, financial stability and labor practices. While we have business continuity
and contingency plans for alternative sourcing, we may be unable, in the event of a significant disruption in our sourcing, to locate
alternative manufacturers or suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all, which could result in product shortages
or decreases in product quality, and adversely affect our net sales, gross margin, net income, customer relationships and our reputation. 

We
rely heavily on supply chain reliability and predictability and continued disruption in our supply chain could have a material adverse
impact on operations. 

We
rely heavily on supply chain reliability and predictability in producing, transporting and delivering our products. The COVID-19
pandemic, Ukraine war, inflationary trends, shifts in consumer purchasing patterns, availability of transport, labor shortages in
the shipping, trucking, and warehousing industries, port strikes, infrastructure congestion, equipment shortages and other factors
have all contributed to delivery delays, greater costs and uncertainty in arranging and scheduling transport of our products. If we
are unable to reliably and consistently arrange shipment and storage of our products, we may be unable to ship, deliver and store
our products in which case, we will have to reverse sales and issue refunds to purchasers of our products. Changes in U.S. and
international trade policies, including to import tariffs and trade policies and agreements, to address supply chain issues or
otherwise could also have a significant impact on our activities both in the United States and internationally. Supply chain
disruptions, both domestic and international, have adversely impacted our operations. Continued disruptions in our supply chain and
adverse consequences from aggressive trade policies could have a material adverse impact on our profitability and financial
performance. 

We
face risks associated with operating in international markets. 

We
operate in a global marketplace and international sales growth is a key element of our growth strategy. We are subject to risks associated
with our international operations, including, but not limited to: 

Foreign
 currency exchange rates; 

Economic
 or governmental instability in foreign markets in which we operate or in those countries from which we source our merchandise; 

Unexpected
 changes in laws, regulatory requirements, taxes or trade laws; 

Increases
 in the cost of transporting goods globally; 

Acts
 of war, terrorist attacks, outbreaks of contagious disease and other events over which we have no control; and 

Changes
 in foreign or domestic legal and regulatory requirements resulting in the imposition of new or more onerous trade restrictions, tariffs,
 duties, taxes, embargoes, exchange or other government controls. 

17 

Any
of these risks could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position or growth strategy. Furthermore, some of
our international operations are conducted in parts of the world that experience corruption to some degree. Our employees and wholesalers
could take actions that violate applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations,
could have an adverse impact on our reputation, our results of operations or our financial position. 

Foreign
exchange movements may also negatively affect the relative purchasing power of consumers and their willingness to purchase discretionary
premium goods, such as our products, which would adversely affect our net sales. We do not currently use the derivative markets to hedge
foreign currency fluctuations. 

The
growth of our business depends on the successful execution of our growth strategy, and our efforts to expand internationally by growing our e-commerce business. 

We are focused on developing
an integrated Play and Learn platform under our Connexa brand. The Platform will bring together our owned offerings of Gameface AI and
Slinger Bag, and incorporate elements of our licensed offering of PlaySight and Foundation Sports, under the umbrella of the Connexa brand.
We believe our success will in large part depend on our ability to develop a cohesive platform that integrates elements of performance
analysis from each. We may face difficulties integrating the technology and offerings from each brand in order create a cohesive business.
For example, users of the Slinger Bag may view us a sporting goods company and choose not to engage with our technology offerings from
the Gameface AI brand, and users of our Gameface AI app services may not purchase our ball launchers. 

Our
current growth strategy depends on our ability to continue to expand our reach geographically in a number of international regions
in Asia, Europe, North America, Africa and Australia. This growth strategy is contingent upon our ability to continually introduce
our products to new markets. The implementation of higher tariffs, quotas or other restrictive trade policies in any international
regions in which we seek to operate could adversely affect our ability to commence new international operations, which could have an
adverse impact on our growth strategy. Further, consumer demand behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends, may differ in
various countries and, as a result, sales of our products may not be, or may take time to become, successful, and gross margins on
those net sales may not be in line with what we currently experience. Our ability to execute our international growth strategy,
especially where we are not yet established, depends on our ability to understand regional market demographics, and we may not be
able to do so. 

If we are unable to develop the
integrated Play and Learn platform and expand our business internationally, our growth strategy and our financial results could be materially
adversely affected. 

If
we are unable to respond effectively to changes in market trends and consumer preferences, our market share, net sales and profitability
could be adversely affected. 

The
success of our business depends on our ability to identify the key product and market trends and bring products to market in a timely
manner that satisfy the current preferences of a broad range of consumers (either by enhancing existing products or by developing new
product offerings). Consumer preferences differ across and within different parts of the world, and shift over time in response to changing
aesthetics and economic circumstances. We believe that our success in developing products that are innovative and that meet our consumers 
functional needs is an important factor in our image as a premium brand, and in our ability to charge premium prices. We may not be able
to anticipate or respond to changes in consumer preferences, and, even if we do anticipate and respond to such changes, we may not be
able to bring to market in a timely manner enhanced or new products that meet these changing preferences. If we fail to anticipate or
respond to changes in consumer preferences or fail to bring products to market in a timely manner that satisfy new preferences, our market
share and our net sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We
may be unable to appeal to new consumers while maintaining the loyalty of our core consumers. 

Part
of our growth strategy is to introduce new consumers, including young consumers, to the Connexa brand. If we are unable to attract new
consumers, including young consumers, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected as our core consumers age
increases and purchasing frequency decrease. Initiatives and strategies intended to position our brand to appeal to new and young consumers
may not appeal to our core consumers and may diminish the appeal of our brand to our core consumers, resulting in reduced core consumer
loyalty. If we are unable to successfully appeal to new and young consumers while maintaining our brand s image with our core consumers,
then our net sales and our brand image may be adversely affected. 

18 

Our
business could suffer if we are unable to maintain our website or manage our inventory effectively. 

We
employ a distribution strategy that is heavily dependent upon our website and third-party distributors e- commerce websites. The
effectiveness of our e-commerce strategy depends on our ability to manage our inventory and our distribution processes effectively so
as to ensure that our products are available in sufficient quantities and thereby prevent lost sales. If we are not able to maintain
our e-commerce channels, or if we are not able to effectively manage our inventory, we could experience a decline in net sales, as well
as excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. In addition, the failure to deliver our products
to customers in accordance with our delivery schedules could damage our relationship with these customers and lead to negative feedback
being posted on e-commerce sites. Consequently, our net sales, profitability and the implementation of our growth strategy could be adversely
affected. 

We
plan to use cash provided by operating activities to fund our expanding business and execute our growth strategy and may require additional
capital, which may not be available to us. 

We
expect our business to rely on net cash provided by our future operating activities as our primary source of liquidity. To support our
business and execute our growth strategy as planned, we will need to generate significant amounts of cash from operations in order to
purchase inventory, pay personnel, invest in research and development, and pay for the increased costs associated with operating as a
public company. Operating cash flows were weak earlier this year and, as a result, we had to significantly curtail operations and dispose
of our PlaySight and Foundation Sports operations. See Item1. Business Recent Developments for more information.
If our business does not generate cash flow from operating activities sufficient to fund these activities, and if sufficient funds are
not otherwise available to us, we will need to seek additional capital, through debt or equity financings, to fund our growth. Conditions
in the credit markets (such as availability of finance and fluctuations in interest rates) may make it difficult for us to obtain such
financing on attractive terms or even at all. Additional debt financing that we may undertake, may be expensive and might impose on us
covenants that restrict our operations and strategic initiatives, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt,
pay dividends, repurchase our capital stock, make investments and engage in merger, consolidation and asset sale transactions. Equity
financings may be on terms that are dilutive or potentially dilutive to our shareholders, and the prices at which new investors would
be willing to purchase our equity securities may be lower than the price per share of our common stock. The holders of new securities
may also have rights, preferences or privileges that are senior to those of existing holders of common stock. If new sources of financing
are required, but are unattractive, insufficient or unavailable, then we will be required to modify our growth and operating plans based
on available funding, if any, which would inhibit our growth and could harm our business. 

Our
extended supply chain requires long lead times and relies heavily on manufacturers in Asia. 

We
rely heavily on manufacturers in Asia, which requires long lead times to get goods to markets. The long lead times will require us to
carry extra inventory to avoid out-of-stock scenarios. In the event of a decline in demand for our products, due to general economic
conditions or other factors, we may be forced to liquidate this extra inventory at lower margins or at a loss. In addition, consumers 
tastes can change between the time a product is designed and the time it takes to get to market. If the designs are not popular with
consumers, it could also result in the need to liquidate the inventories at lower margins or at a loss, which would adversely affect
our results of operations. 

We
depend on existing members of management and key employees to implement key elements in our strategy for growth, and the failure to retain
them or to attract appropriately qualified new personnel could affect our ability to implement our growth strategy successfully. 

The
successful implementation of our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to retain our experienced management team and key employees
and on our ability to attract appropriately qualified new personnel. For instance, our chief executive officer has extensive experience
running branded sporting goods. The loss of any key member of our management team or other key
employees could hinder or delay our ability to implement our growth strategy effectively. Further, if we are unable to attract appropriately
qualified new personnel, including a chief financial officer, we may not be successful in implementing our growth strategy. In either
instance, our profitability and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

We
do not employ traditional advertising channels, and if we fail to adequately market our brand through product introductions and other
means of promotion, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our
marketing strategy depends on our ability to promote our brand s message by using online advertising and social media, and possibly
the use of newspapers and magazines to promote new product introductions in a cost-effective manner. We do not employ traditional advertising
channels such as billboards, television and radio. If our marketing efforts are not successful at attracting new consumers and increasing
purchasing frequency by our existing consumers, there may be no cost-effective marketing channels available to us for the promotion of
our brand. If we increase our spending on advertising, or initiate spending on traditional advertising, our expenses will rise, and our
advertising efforts may not be successful. In addition, if we are unable to successfully and cost-effectively employ advertising channels
to promote our brand to new consumers and new markets, our growth strategy may be adversely affected. 

19 

We
rely significantly on information technology to operate our business. Any significant security breach of our confidential information
of our customers, applications, technology, networks, or other systems critical to our operations, or failure to comply with privacy
and security laws and regulations could damage our reputation, brands and business. 

We are heavily dependent on information
technology systems and networks, including the Internet and third-party services Information Technology Systems ), across
our supply chain, including product design, production, forecasting, ordering, manufacturing, transportation, sales and distribution,
as well as for processing financial information for external and internal reporting purposes, operations and other business activities.
Information Technology Systems are critical to many of our operating activities and our business processes and they may be negatively
impacted by any service interruption or shutdown. For example, our ability to effectively manage and maintain our inventory and to ship
products to customers on a timely basis depends significantly on the reliability of these Information Technology Systems. We rely on a
third party systems provider to manage all our company data and transactions, record our financial transactions and manage our operations.
The failure of these systems to operate effectively, including as a result of security breaches, viruses, hackers, malware, natural disasters,
vendor business interruptions or other causes, or failure to properly maintain, protect, repair or upgrade systems, or problems with transitioning
to upgraded or replacement systems could cause delays in product fulfillment and reduced efficiency of our operations, could require additional
capital to remediate the problem which may not be sufficient to cover all eventualities, and may have an adverse effect on our reputation,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We
also use Information Technology Systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and
to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. If Information Technology Systems suffer severe damage, disruption
or shutdown and our business continuity plans, or those of our vendors, do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we
could experience delays in reporting our financial results, which could result in lost revenues and profits, as well as reputational
damage. Furthermore, we depend on Information Technology Systems and personal data collection for digital marketing, digital commerce,
consumer engagement and the marketing and use of our digital products and services. We also rely on our ability to engage in electronic
communications throughout the world between and among our employees as well as with other third parties, including customers, suppliers,
vendors and consumers. Any interruption in Information Technology Systems may impede our ability to engage in the digital space and result
in lost revenues, damage to our reputation, and loss of users. 

In
connection with various facets of our business, we collect and use a variety of personal data related to our customers. Our failure to
prevent security breaches could damage our reputation and brands and substantially harm our business and results of operations. On our
website, a majority of the sales are billed to our consumers credit card accounts directly, orders are shipped to a consumer s
address, and consumers log on using their email address. In such transactions, maintaining complete security for the transmission of
confidential information on our website, such as consumers credit card numbers and expiration dates, personal information and
billing addresses is essential to maintaining consumer confidence. In addition, we hold certain private information about our consumers,
such as their names, addresses, phone numbers and browsing and purchasing records. We rely on encryption and authentication technology
licensed from third parties to effect the secure transmission of confidential information, including credit card numbers. Advances in
computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments may result in a compromise or breach of the
technology used by us to protect consumer transaction data. In addition, any party who is able to illicitly obtain a user s password
could potentially access the user s transaction data or personal information. We may not be able to prevent third parties, such
as hackers or criminal organizations, from stealing information provided by our consumers to us through our website. In addition, our
third-party merchants and delivery service providers may violate their confidentiality obligations and disclose information about our
consumers. Any compromise of our security or material violation of a non-disclosure obligation could damage our reputation and brand
and expose us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability, which could substantially harm our business and results of operations.
In addition, anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions
in our operations. 

Moreover,
the platform and applications that we use to operate our business are highly technical and complex and may now or in the future
contain undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some errors in our code may only be discovered after the code has been
deployed. Any errors, bugs or vulnerabilities discovered in our code after deployment, inability to identify the cause or causes of
performance problems within an acceptable period of time or difficultly maintaining and improving the performance of our platform,
particularly during peak usage times, could result in damage to our reputation or brand, loss of revenues, or liability for damages,
any of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity
constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and
anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be harmed. 

Global
economic, political and industry conditions constantly change and unfavorable conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. 

We
are a global company with worldwide operations. Volatile economic, political and market conditions, such as political or economic instability,
civil unrest, trade sanctions, acts of terrorism in the regions or hostilities, including the recent conflict between Russia and Ukraine,
in which we operate may have a negative impact on our operating results and our ability to achieve our business objectives. We may not
have insight into economic and political trends that could emerge and negatively affect our business. In addition, significant or volatile
changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies may have a material adverse impact upon our liquidity, revenues,
costs and operating results. 

20 

Additionally,
natural disasters and public health emergencies, such as extreme weather events and the COVID-19 pandemic and the Ukraine War, could have a significant
adverse effect on our business, including interruption of our business operations, supply chain disruption, endangerment of our
personnel, and other delays or losses of materials and results. 

The
Russian-Ukrainian Conflict may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. The specific impact on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is not determinable as of the date hereof. However, to the extent that such
military action spreads to other countries, intensifies, or otherwise remains active, such action could have an impact on the broader
macroeconomic impact and therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows. If the Russia-Ukraine conflict continues, the U.S., the European Union, the United Kingdom, and other jurisdictions could impose
wider economic and trade sanctions as well as export restrictions, which could impact our business opportunities. In addition, our contractors
may take actions in violation of such policies and applicable law, and we could be held ultimately responsible. If we are held responsible
for a violation of U.S. or other countries sanctions laws, we may be subject to various penalties, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
products face intense competition. 

We are a sports equipment and
technology company delivering products and technologies and the relative popularity of tennis, pickleball and Padel tennis and other various
sports activities and changing design trends affect the demand for our products. The sports equipment industry and sports-related technology
industry are both are highly competitive both in the U.S. and worldwide. We compete internationally with a significant number of athletic
and sports equipment companies and sports-related technology companies, including sports-related technology companies, including large
companies having diversified lines of athletic and sports equipment and sports technology products. We also compete with other companies
for the production capacity of independent manufacturers that produce our products. Our online digital e-commerce operations compete with
brand wholesalers or specialist retailers. 

Product
offerings, technologies, marketing expenditures (including expenditures for advertising and endorsements), pricing, costs of production,
customer service, digital commerce platforms and social media presence are areas of intense competition. This, in addition to rapid changes
in technology and consumer preferences in the markets for athletic and sports equipment, constitute significant risk factors in our operations.
In addition, the competitive nature of retail including shifts in the ways in which consumers are shopping, and the rising trend of digital
commerce, constitutes a risk factor implicating our online and wholesale operations. If we do not adequately and timely anticipate and
respond to our competitors, our costs may increase or the consumer demand for our products may decline significantly. 

The
AI-based technology market is new and unproven, and it may decline or experience limited growth, which would adversely affect our
ability to fully realize the potential of our platforms. 

The AI-based technology market
is relatively new and evaluating the size and scope of the market is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. We believe that our
future success will depend in large part on the continued growth of this market. The utilization of our app platform by users is untested,
and users may not recognize the need for, or benefits of, this app platform, which may prompt them to cease use of our platform or decide
to adopt alternative products and services to satisfy their cognitive computing search and analytics requirements. In order to expand
our business and extend our market position, we intend to focus our marketing and sales efforts on educating users about the benefits
and technological capabilities of our platforms and the applications of our platform to the specific needs of customers in different market
verticals. Our ability to access and expand the market that our platform is designed to address depends upon a number of factors, including
the cost, performance and perceived value of our platforms. Market opportunity estimates are subject to significant uncertainty and are
based on assumptions and estimates, including our internal analysis and industry experience. The market for our platform may fail to grow
significantly or be unable to meet the level of growth we expect. As a result, we may experience lower-than-expected demand for our products
and services due to lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, competing products and services, decreases in spending by current
and prospective customers, weakening economic conditions and other causes. If our market does not experience significant growth, or if
demand for our products does not increase in line with our projections, then our business, results of operations and financial condition
will be adversely affected. 

We
rely on technical innovation and high-quality products to compete in the market for our products. 

Research
and development plays a key role in technical innovation. We rely upon specialists in the fields of electrical and mechanical
engineering, industrial design, sustainability and related fields, as well as other experts to develop and test cutting-edge
performance products. While we strive to produce products that help to enhance player performance, if we fail to introduce technical
innovation in our products, consumer demand for our products could decline, and if we experience problems with the quality of our
products, we may incur substantial expense to remedy the problems. 

With the acquisition of Gameface and licensing
agreements with PlaySight and Foundation, we are slowly transforming from a sports products only company to offering an additional sports
technology platform focused on the Play Learn Platform. If we are unable to successfully integrate this new technology with our
existing products, we may not realize the benefits of the Gameface acquisition and / or our relationships with PlaySight and Foundation,
and our business may be materially adversely affected. 

21 

Prior to our acquisition of Gameface
and our licensing agreement with PlaySight, we focused on the production and sale of the Slinger Bag. Now our focused has shifted to the
Play and Learn integrated platform which includes the analysis and AI offered by Gameface. The Play and Learn Platform requires integration
of the capabilities of our existing business with those of Gameface. we may not realize the benefits of the Gameface acquisition and our
business may be materially adversely affected. 

Failure
to continue to obtain or maintain high-quality endorsers of our products could harm our business. 

We
establish relationships with professional athletes, as well as other public figures such as teaching pros and influencers, to develop,
evaluate and promote our products, as well as establish product authenticity with consumers. However, as competition in our industry
has increased, the costs associated with establishing and retaining such sponsorships and other relationships have increased. If we are
unable to maintain our current associations with professional athletes, or other public figures, or to do so at a reasonable cost, we
could lose the high visibility or on-field authenticity associated with our products, and we may be required to modify and substantially
increase our marketing investments. Any substantial deterioration in these relationships, or substantial deterioration of our relationship
with their talent managers or other key personnel, could adversely affect our business. As a result, our brands, net revenues, expenses
and profitability could be harmed. If certain endorsers were to stop using our products contrary to their endorsement agreements, our
business could be adversely affected. 

Actions
taken by athletes or other endorsers, associated with our products that harm the reputations of those athletes or endorsers, could also
seriously harm our brand image with consumers and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. 

Actions
taken by athletes or other endorsers, associated with our products that harm the reputations of those athletes or endorsers, could also
seriously harm our brand image with consumers and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. Poor
performance by our endorsers, a failure to continue to correctly identify future athletes, public figures or sports organizations, to
use and endorse our products or a failure to enter into cost-effective endorsement arrangements with prominent athletes, public figures,
and sports organizations could adversely affect our brand, sales and profitability. We are also subject to laws, regulations and industry
standards relating to endorsements and influencer marketing. Many of these laws, regulations and industry standards are changing and
may be subject to differing interpretations, are costly to comply with or inconsistent among jurisdictions. 

Our
business may be affected by seasonality, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results. 

We
expect to experience moderate fluctuations in aggregate sales volume during the year. We expect revenues in the first and fourth fiscal
quarters to exceed those in the second and third fiscal quarters. However, the mix of product sales may vary considerably from time to
time as a result of changes in seasonal and geographic demand for tennis and other sports equipment and in connection with the timing
of significant sporting events, such as any Grand Slam tennis tournament and, over time, other sports competitions. In addition, our
customers may cancel orders, change delivery schedules or change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice. As a result, we may
not be able to accurately predict our quarterly sales. Accordingly, our results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly from
period to period. Our operating margins are also sensitive to a number of additional factors that are beyond our control, including manufacturing
and transportation costs, shifts in product sales mix and geographic sales trends, all of which we expect to continue. Results of operations
in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 

We
may be adversely affected by the financial health of our third-party internet partners, wholesale purchasers, retailers, and
distributors. 

We extend credit to our distributors
and to a select number of third party internet partners based on an assessment of a customer s financial condition, generally without
requiring collateral. To assist in the scheduling of production and the shipping of our products, we offer our distributor partners the
opportunity to place orders three months ahead of delivery under our direct ship ordering program. These advance orders may be canceled
under certain conditions, and the risk of cancellation may increase when dealing with financially unstable distribution partners struggling
with economic uncertainty. In the past, some sports customers have experienced financial difficulties up to and including bankruptcies.
Such future events would have an adverse effect on our sales, our ability to collect on receivables and our financial condition. When
the retail economy weakens or as consumer behavior shifts, distributors may be more cautious with orders. A slowing or changing economy
in our key markets could adversely affect the financial health of our customers, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, product sales are dependent in part on high quality digital advertising and merchandising
to attract consumers, which requires continuing investments by the company, our distributors and our third party internet partners. Distributors
or partners that experience financial difficulties may fail to make such investments or delay them, resulting in lower sales and orders
for our products. 

22 

Failure
to accurately forecast consumer demand could lead to excess inventories or inventory shortages, which could result in decreased operating
margins, reduced cash flows and harm to our business. 

There
is a risk we may be unable to sell excess products ordered from manufacturers. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result
in inventory write-downs, and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices could significantly impair our brand image and have an
adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our
products or if our manufacturers fail to supply products, we require at the time we need them, we may experience inventory shortages.
Inventory shortages might delay shipments to customers, negatively impact retailer, distributor and consumer relationships and diminish
brand loyalty. The difficulty in forecasting demand also makes it difficult to estimate our future results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows from period to period. A failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our
net revenues and net income, and we are unlikely to forecast such effects with any certainty in advance. 

Consolidation
of retailers or concentration of retail market share among a few retailers may increase and concentrate our credit risk and impair our
ability to sell products. 

The
sports equipment retail markets in some countries are dominated by a few large athletic equipment retailers with many stores. These retailers
have in the past increased their market share by expanding through acquisitions and construction of additional stores. These situations
concentrate our credit risk with a relatively small number of retailers, and, if any of these retailers were to experience a shortage
of liquidity or consumer behavior shifts away from traditional retail, it would increase the risk that their outstanding payables to
us may not be paid. In addition, increasing market share concentration among one or a few retailers in a particular country or region
increases the risk that if any one of them substantially reduces their purchases of our products, we may be unable to find a sufficient
number of other retail outlets for our products to sustain the same level of sales and revenues. 

If
the technology-based systems that give our consumers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results,
as well as our ability to grow our digital commerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected. 

Many
of our consumers shop with us through our digital platforms. Increasingly, consumers are using mobile-based devices and applications
to shop online with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. We are increasingly using social media and proprietary
mobile applications to interact with our consumers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. Any failure on our part to provide
attractive, effective, reliable, user-friendly digital commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise with rapid delivery
options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in
the loss of digital commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with consumers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our
digital commerce business globally and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Risks specific
to our digital commerce business also include liability for online content. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks might
adversely affect sales in our digital commerce business, as well as damage our reputation and brands. Many factors unique to e-commerce
operations, some of which are beyond our control, pose risks and uncertainties. Risks include, but are not limited to, credit card fraud
or data mismanagement. 

Our
products are subject to risks associated with overseas sourcing, manufacturing and financing. 

The
principal materials used in our products (e.g., injection molded plastics, polyester, electrical motors, remote controls, trolley bags) are available
in countries where our manufacturing takes place. Our products are dependent upon the ability of our unaffiliated contract manufacturers
to locate, train, employ and retain adequate personnel. Our contractors and suppliers buy raw materials and are subject to wage rates
that are oftentimes regulated by the governments of the countries in which our products are manufactured. 

There
could be a significant disruption in the supply of raw materials from current sources or, in the event of a disruption, our contract
manufacturers might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price or at all.
Further, our unaffiliated contract manufacturers have experienced and may continue to experience in the future, unexpected increases
in work wages, whether government mandated or otherwise and increases in compliance costs due to governmental regulation concerning certain
metals used in the manufacturing of our products. In addition, we cannot be certain that our unaffiliated manufacturers will be able
to fill our orders in a timely manner. If we experience significant increases in demand, or reductions in the availability of materials,
or need to replace an existing manufacturer, there can be no assurance additional supplies of raw materials or additional manufacturing
capacity will be available when required on terms acceptable to us, or at all, or that any supplier or manufacturer would allocate sufficient
capacity to us in order to meet our requirements. In addition, even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing or sources
of materials, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train suppliers and manufacturers
in our methods, products, quality control standards and labor, health and safety standards. Any delays, interruption or increased costs
in labor or wages, or the supply of materials or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet retail
customer and consumer demand for our products and result in lower revenues and net income both in the short- and long-term. 

23 

Because
independent manufacturers make all of our products outside of our principal sales markets, our products must be transported by third
parties over large geographic distances. Delays in the shipment or delivery of our products due to the availability of transportation,
work stoppages, port strikes, infrastructure congestion or other factors, and costs and delays associated with consolidating or transitioning
between manufacturers, could adversely impact our financial performance. In addition, manufacturing delays or unexpected demand for our
products may require us to use faster, but more expensive, transportation methods such as air freight, which could adversely affect our
profit margins. The cost of oil is a significant component in manufacturing and transportation costs, so increases in the price of petroleum
products can adversely affect our profit margins. Changes in U.S. trade policies, including new and potential changes to import tariffs
and existing trade policies and agreements, could also have a significant impact on our activities in foreign jurisdictions, and could
adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our
financial results may be adversely affected if substantial investments in businesses and operations fail to produce expected returns. 

From
time to time, we may invest in technology, business infrastructure, new businesses, product offering and manufacturing innovation and
expansion of existing businesses, such as our digital commerce operations, which require substantial cash investments and management
attention. We believe cost-effective investments are essential to business growth and profitability; however, significant investments
are subject to typical risks and uncertainties inherent in developing a new business or expanding an existing business. The failure of
any significant investment to provide expected returns or profitability could have a material adverse effect on our financial results
and divert management attention from more profitable business operations. 

Our
business is sensitive to consumer spending and general economic conditions. 

Our business may be adversely
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the Ukraine war, as well as macro-economic conditions such as inflation, employment levels, wage
and salary levels, trends in consumer confidence and spending, reductions in consumer net worth, interest rates, inflation, the availability
of consumer credit and taxation policies influence on public spending confidence. Recent dramatic downturns in the strength of global
stock markets, currencies and key economies have highlighted many if not all, of these risks. 

Consumer
purchases in general may decline during recessions, periods of prolonged declines in the equity markets or housing markets and periods
when disposable income and perceptions of consumer wealth are lower, and these risks may be exacerbated for us due to our focus on discretionary
premium sporting good items. A downturn in the global economy, or in a regional economy in which we have significant sales, could have
a material, adverse effect on consumer purchases of our products, our results of operations and our financial position, and a downturn
adversely affecting our consumer base or travelers could have a disproportionate impact on our business. 

There
continues to be a significant and growing volatility and uncertainty in the global economy due to the Coronavirus pandemic affecting
all business sectors and industries. In addition, the on-going uncertainty in Europe and any resulting disruption could adversely impact
our net sales in Europe and globally unless and until economic conditions in that region improve and the prospects of national debt defaults
in Europe decline. Further or future downturns may adversely affect traffic at our on-line sales portals (which currently includes our
own website https://www.connexasports.com/ and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and
growth strategy. 

Likewise,
the current impasse in U.S.-China trade relations has resulted in import duties for all Slinger products into the U.S. being increased
from the previous standard of 5 to 30 . Our management has taken the view that at this time, gaining distribution and share outweighs
the immediate margin consideration and has decided to take the added increase in import tariffs as a margin loss. 

There
is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern absent obtaining adequate new debt or equity financing and
achieving sufficient sales levels. 

The
Company s management has determined that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended April
30, 2022 and 2021 included an explanatory paragraph with respect to the foregoing. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to raise additional capital and implement our business plan. This determination was based on the following factors:
(i) the Company has a working capital deficit as of April 30, 2022, used cash in operations for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022
of 11,464,464 in 2022, and the Company s available cash as of the date of this filing will not be sufficient to fund its anticipated level
of operations for the next 12 months; (ii) the Company will require additional financing for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2023 to
continue at its expected level of operations; and (iii) if the Company fails to obtain the needed capital, it will be forced to delay,
scale back, or eliminate some or all of its development activities or perhaps cease operations. In the opinion of management, these factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern as of the date of the end of the
period covered by this report and for one year from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. 

24 

We
have limited financial resources. Our independent registered auditors report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
a result of our deficiency in working capital on April 30, 2022 and other factors, our auditors have included a paragraph in their audit
report regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our plans in this regard are to increase product
sales, increase production, obtain inventory financing, seek strategic alternatives and to seek additional capital through future equity
private placements or debt facilities. 

We
have recorded net losses since inception and have significant accumulated deficits. We have relied upon loans and equity financings for
operating capital. Total revenues will be insufficient to pay off existing debt and fund operations. We may be required to rely on further
debt financing, further loans from related parties, and private placements of our common stock for our additional cash needs. Such funding
sources may not be available, or the terms of such funding sources may not be acceptable to the Company. 

We
will need additional capital in the future to finance our planned growth, which we may not be able to raise or it may only be available
on terms unfavorable to us or our stockholders, which may result in our inability to fund our working capital requirements and harm our
operational results. 

We
have and expect to continue to have substantial working capital needs. Our cash on hand, together with cash generated from product sales,
services, cash equivalents and short-term investments will not meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the
next twelve months. In fact, we will be required to raise additional funds throughout 2023 or we will need to limit operations until
such time as we can raise substantial funds to meet our working capital needs. In addition, we will need to raise additional funds to
fund our operations and implement our growth strategy, or to respond to competitive pressures and/or perceived opportunities, such as
investment, acquisition, marketing and development activities. 

If
we experience operating difficulties or other factors, many of which may be beyond our control, cause our revenues or cash flows from
operations, if any, to decrease, we may be limited in our ability to spend the capital necessary to complete our development, marketing
and growth programs. We require additional financing, in addition to anticipated cash generated from our operations, to fund our working
capital requirements. Additional financing might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds were not available
or were not available on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our operations, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, develop
or enhance our business or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. In such a capital restricted situation,
we may curtail our marketing, development, and operational activities or be forced to sell some of our assets on an untimely or unfavorable
basis. 

Our
internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated
to the public. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. As defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive
and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors of the Company (the Board of Directors ), management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the Company; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation
being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. 

Failure
to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to face regulatory action and also cause investors to
lose confidence in our reported financial information, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business,
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

However,
our auditors will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 until we are no longer a smaller reporting company . 

25 

The
costs of being a public company could result in us being unable to continue as a going concern. 

As
a public company, we are required to comply with numerous financial reporting and legal requirements, including those pertaining to audits
and internal control. The costs of maintaining public company reporting requirements could be significant and may preclude us from seeking
financing or equity investment on terms acceptable to us and our shareholders. We estimate these costs to be in excess of 250,000 per
year and may be higher if our business volume or business activity increases significantly. Our current estimate of costs does not include
the necessary expenses associated with compliance, documentation and specific reporting requirements of Section 404 as we will not be
subject to the full reporting requirements of Section 404 until we no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company . 

If
our revenues are insufficient or non-existent, and/or we cannot satisfy many of these costs through the issuance of shares or debt, we
may be unable to satisfy these costs in the normal course of business. This would certainly result in our being unable to continue as
a going concern. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, then the price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting may have weaknesses and conditions that could require correction or remediation, the disclosure
of which may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal
controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely
affect our public disclosures regarding our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal
controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal
controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

Any
acquisitions we make could disrupt our business and seriously harm our financial condition. 

We
have in the past made (and may, from time to time, consider) acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies. A primary
component of our growth strategy has been to acquire complementary businesses to grow our Company. For example, we acquired the business
of Foundation Sports Systems, LLC, in our fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, and the acquisitions of PlaySight and Gameface closed in
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of complementary technologies, products and businesses
as a primary component of our growth strategy to enhance the features and functionality of our applications, expand our customer base
and provide access to new markets and increase benefits of scale. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the
assimilation of the acquired businesses, the diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns and potential
adverse effects on existing business relationships could cause our actual growth or operating results to differ from our expectations.
In addition, any acquisitions could involve the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to successfully integrate any acquisitions that we pursue or that such acquisitions will perform as planned or prove to be beneficial
to our operations and cash flow. Any such failure could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, there might be potential inability or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through cross-marketing
of the products to new and existing customers. 

Some
aspects of our business processes include open-source software, which poses risks that could have a material and adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open-source
licenses could negatively affect our business. 

We
incorporate open-source software into processes supporting our business and anticipate using open- source software in the future. Such
open-source software may include software covered by licenses like the GNU General Public License and the Apache License. The terms of
various open-source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses
could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to operate our systems, limits our
use of the software, inhibits certain aspects of our systems and negatively affects our business operations. 

Some
open-source licenses contain requirements that we make source code modifications or derivative works we create publicly available or
make such modifications or derivative works available on unfavorable terms or at no cost, depending on the type of open-source software
used. 

26 

While
we monitor our use of open-source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary
source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open-source license, such use could inadvertently occur, or could be claimed
to have occurred, in part because open-source license terms are often ambiguous. We may face claims from third parties claiming ownership
of, or demanding the release or license of, modifications or derivative works that we have developed using such open-source software
(which could include our proprietary source code or artificial intelligence AI models), or otherwise seeking to enforce
the terms of the applicable open-source license. These claims could result in litigation and if portions of our proprietary AI models
or software are determined to be subject to an open-source license, or if the license terms for the open-source software that we incorporate
change, we could be required to publicly release all or affected portions of our source code, purchase a costly license, cease offering
the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-engineer such source code in a manner that avoids infringement, discontinue
or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis or change our business activities,
any of which could negatively affect our business operations and potentially our intellectual property rights. In addition, the re-engineering
process could require us to expend significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to complete the
re-engineering process successfully. If we were required to publicly disclose any portion of our proprietary models, it is possible we
could lose the benefit of trade secret protection for our models. 

In
addition to risks related to license requirements, the use of certain open-source software can lead to greater risks than the use of
third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification, controls or
other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the origin of the software. There is little legal precedent
in this area, and any actual or claimed requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could
harm our business and could help third parties, including our competitors, develop products and services that are similar to or better
than ours. Use of open-source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may
make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to breach our website and systems that rely on open-source software.
Any of these risks associated with the use of open-source software could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and if not addressed, could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Systems
defects, failures or disruptions, including events beyond our control, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our websites,
applications, products, or services could harm our business, harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us, decrease our potential
profitability and expose us to substantial liability. 

We
use vendors, such as our cloud computing web services provider and third-party software providers, in the operation of our platform.
The satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our technology and our underlying network and infrastructure are critical
to our operations and reputation and the ability of our platform to attract new and retain existing customers. We rely on these vendors
to protect their systems and facilities against damage or service interruptions from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures,
air quality issues, environmental conditions, computer viruses or attempts to harm these systems, criminal acts, unauthorized access,
sabotage, acts of vandalism, military actions, negligence, human errors, fraud, spikes in platform use and denial of service issues,
hardware failures, improper operation, cyberattacks, data loss, wars and similar events. If our arrangement with a vendor is terminated
or if there is a lapse of service or damage to its systems or facilities, we could experience interruptions in our ability to operate
our platform. We also may experience increased costs and difficulties in replacing that vendor and replacement services may not be available
on commercially reasonable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. 

In
addition, our platform may be accessed by many users at the same time. As we continue to expand the number of our users, and products
and services available through our platform, we may not be able to scale our technology to accommodate the increased capacity requirements.
The failure of data centers, internet service providers or other third- party service providers to meet our capacity requirements could
result in interruptions or delays in access to our platform or impede our ability to grow our business and scale our operations. Any
interruptions or delays in our platform availability, whether as a result of a failure to perform on the part of a vendor, any damage
to one of our vendor s systems or facilities, the termination of any of our third-party vendor agreements, software failures, our
or our vendor s error, natural disasters, terrorism, other man-made problems, security breaches, whether accidental or willful,
or other factors, could harm our relationships with our customers, prevent our customers from accessing their accounts, damage our reputation
with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers, cause the loss of critical data, prevent us
from supporting our platform, products or services or cause us to incur additional expense in arranging for new facilities and support
or otherwise harm our business and also harm our reputation. 

In addition, we source certain
information from third parties. In the event that any third party from which we source information experiences a service disruption, whether
as a result of maintenance, natural disasters, terrorism, or security breaches, whether accidental or willful, or other factors, the ability
to access our platform may be adversely impacted. Additionally, there may be errors contained in the information provided by third parties.
This may result in the inability to approve otherwise qualified applicants through our platform, which may adversely impact our business
by negatively impacting our reputation and reducing our transaction volume. 

27 

To
the extent we use or are dependent on any particular third-party data, technology, or software, we may also be harmed if such data, technology,
or software becomes non-compliant with existing regulations or industry standards, becomes subject to third-party claims of intellectual
property infringement, misappropriation, or other violation, or malfunctions or functions in a way we did not anticipate. Any loss of
the right to use any of this data, technology, or software could result in delays in the provisioning of our products and services until
equivalent or replacement data, technology, or software is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained, and integrated,
and there is no guarantee that we would be successful in developing, identifying, obtaining, or integrating equivalent or similar data,
technology, or software, which could result in the loss or limiting of our products, services, or features available in our products
or services. 

Our
ability to sell our products and services will be dependent on the quality of our technical support and our failure to deliver high-quality
technical support services could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 

If
we do not effectively assist our users in deploying our products and services, succeed in helping our users quickly resolve post-deployment
issues and provide effective ongoing support, or if potential customers perceive that we may not be able to achieve the foregoing, our
ability to sell our products and services would be adversely affected, and our reputation with potential users could be harmed. In addition,
if we expand our operations internationally, our technical support team will face additional challenges, including those associated with
delivering support, training and documentation in languages other than the English language. As a result, our failure to deliver and
maintain high-quality technical support services to our users could result in customers choosing to use our competitors products
or services in the future. 

Our
Gameface products and services may fail to keep pace with rapidly changing technology and evolving industry standards. 

The
market in which Gameface operates is characterized by rapid, and sometimes disruptive, technological developments, evolving industry
standards, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and changes in user requirements. In addition, both traditional and new
competitors are investing heavily in our market areas and competing for users. As next-generation video analytics technology continues
to evolve, we must keep pace in order to maintain or expand our market position. If we are not able to successfully add staff resources
with sufficient technical skills to develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, achieve market acceptance of our products
and services or identify new market opportunities for our products and services, our business and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. 

The
business-to-business e-commerce industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete effectively. 

The
market for business-to-business B2B e-commerce solutions is rapidly changing and intensely competitive. We expect competition
to intensify as the number of entrants and new technologies increases. We may not be able to compete successfully against current or
future competitors. The competitive pressures facing us may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We
rely on third parties to develop cognitive engines for our platform and in some cases to integrate them with the PlaySight platform. 

A
key element of the PlaySight platform is the ability to incorporate and integrate cognitive engines developed by multiple third-party
vendors, and we plan to continue to increase the number of third-party cognitive engines incorporated into our platform in order to enhance
the performance and power of our platform. As we become increasingly dependent on third-party developers for new cognitive engines, we
may encounter difficulties in identifying additional high-quality cognitive engines, entering into agreements for their inclusion in
our ecosystem on acceptable terms or at all and/or in coordinating and integrating their technologies into our system. We may incur additional
costs to modify and adjust existing functionalities of our platform to accommodate multiple classes of third-party cognitive engines,
without the assurance that such costs can be recouped by the additional revenues generated by the new capabilities. As our platform becomes
more complex due to the inclusion of various third-party cognitive engines, we may not be able to integrate them in a seamless or timely
manner due to a number of factors, including incompatible software applications, lack of cooperation from developers, insufficient internal
technical resources, and the inability to secure the necessary licenses or legal authorizations required. In addition, we currently use
third-party providers to integrate such third-party cognitive engines onto our platform. In the future, we may require such third-party
developers to integrate their engines onto our platform, and we will be dependent in part upon their ability to do so effectively and
quickly. We may not have full control over the quality and performance of third-party providers, and therefore, any unexpected deficiencies
or problems arising from these third-party providers may cause significant interruptions of our platform. The failure of third-party
developers to integrate their cognitive engines seamlessly into our platform and/or provide reliable, scalable services may impact the
reliability of our platform and harm our reputation and business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

28 

If
we are not able to enhance or introduce new products that achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological developments, our
business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 

Our
ability to attract new users and increase revenue from existing customers depends in part on our ability to enhance and improve our platforms,
increase adoption and usage of our products and introduce new products and features. The success of any enhancements or new products
depends on several factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing, actual performance quality, market-accepted pricing
levels and overall market acceptance and demand. Enhancements and new products that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective
manner, may contain defects, may have interoperability difficulties with our platform, or may not achieve the market acceptance necessary
to generate significant revenue. If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing platform and capabilities to meet evolving customer
requirements, increase adoption and usage of our platform, develop new products, or if our efforts to increase the usage of our products
are more expensive than we expect, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 

Customers
may experience difficulty in integrating Playsight, Gameface, or Foundation Sports with third-party applications, which would inhibit
sales. 

PlaySight, Gameface, and Foundation Sports may serve a customer base with
a wide variety of constantly changing hardware, operating system software, packaged software applications and networking platforms. If
PlaySight, Gameface, or Foundation Sports fails to gain broad market acceptance due to their inability to support a variety of these platforms,
our operating results may suffer. Our business depends, in part, on the following factors: 

Our
 ability to integrate PlaySight, Gameface, or Foundation Sports with multiple platforms and existing
 systems and to modify our product as new versions of packaged applications are introduced; 

Access
to application program interfaces for the third-party software products that are integrated with our products; 

Our ability
 to anticipate and support new standards; and 

Our management
 of software being developed by third parties for our customers or for use with Foundation Sports. 

Application
program interfaces provide the instructions that are required to transfer information into and out of an application and trigger the
specific characteristics of that application. These instructions are needed to create adapters between PlaySight, Gameface, Foundation
Sports and third-party software products, but access to application program interfaces is controlled by the vendors of these applications.
If the application vendor denies or delays our access to application program interfaces, our business may be harmed. Some application
vendors may become competitors or establish alliances with our competitors, increasing the likelihood that we would not be granted access
to their application program interfaces. Furthermore, we may need to modify PlaySight, Gameface, and Foundation Sports or develop new
adapters in the future as new applications or newer versions of existing applications are introduced. If we fail to continue to develop
adapters or respond to new applications or newer versions of existing applications in a timely manner, our business could suffer. 

29 

Our
betting and online gaming customers and partners are subject to a variety of domestic and foreign laws and regulations, which are subject
to change and interpretation and which could subject them to claims or otherwise harm our customers businesses. Any change in
existing regulations or their interpretation, or the regulatory climate and requirements applicable to our or our customers and
suppliers products and services, or changes in tax rules and regulations or interpretation thereof related to our or our customers 
and suppliers products and services, could adversely impact our or our customers and suppliers ability to operate
our or their respective businesses as currently conducted or as we seek to operate in the future, which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Certain
of our customers and partners are generally subject to laws and regulations relating to sports, sports betting, online gaming, marketing
and advertising in the jurisdictions in which they conduct their businesses or in some circumstances, of those jurisdictions in which
we and they offer services or those are available, as well as the general laws and regulations that apply to all e-commerce and online
businesses, such as those related to privacy and personal information, tax, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, advertising, competition,
inside information and disclosures, and consumer protection. These laws and regulations vary from one jurisdiction to another and future
legislative and regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental action, which may be affected by, among other things, political
pressures, and changes in legislative or governmental priorities, may have a material impact on our operations and financial results.
In particular, some jurisdictions have introduced regulations attempting to restrict or prohibit sports betting, online gaming and advertising,
while others have taken the position that sports betting or online gaming should be licensed and regulated and have adopted or are in
the process of considering legislation and regulations to enable sports betting or online gaming in their jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions,
additional requirements and restrictions may continue to develop. For example, recently, the Committees of Advertising Practice in the
U.K. recommended new rules which ban sports betting advertisements if they are likely to appeal to minors, which evidences a trend in
Europe for an increasingly restrictive approach to gambling advertising more generally. Additionally, some jurisdictions in which our
customers may operate could presently be unregulated or partially regulated and therefore more susceptible to the enactment or change
of laws and regulations. Some jurisdictions do not have laws that grant our customers rights in the data they collect. Any enactment
of laws in these jurisdictions would require a change in how they conduct business in such jurisdictions. However, our customers offer
their services to customers in many more countries, but do not always have visibility of where their customers use their products and
services to offer their services to their customers. Any of their licenses could be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. Their
license applications may also be denied or conditioned. The loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license
or affect our eligibility for such a license in another jurisdiction, and any of such losses, or potential for such loss, could cause
us to cease offering some or all of their offerings in the impacted jurisdictions. As laws and regulations change, they may need to obtain
and maintain licenses or registrations in additional jurisdictions. In addition, once licensed, they may be subject to various ongoing
requirements, including supervision by the respective governmental agency of certain transfers of ownership and acquisitions. In May
2018, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992 PASPA as unconstitutional.
This decision has the effect of lifting federal restrictions on sports betting and thus allows states to determine by themselves the
legality of sports betting. Since the repeal of PASPA, several states have legalized online sports betting. To the extent new real money
gaming or sports betting jurisdictions are established or expanded, we cannot guarantee that our customers will be successful in penetrating
such new jurisdictions or expanding our business or customer base in line with the growth of existing jurisdictions. If our customers
are unable to effectively develop and operate directly or indirectly within these new jurisdictions or if our customers competitors
are able to successfully penetrate geographic jurisdictions that they cannot access or where they face other restrictions, there could
be a material adverse effect on our customers and, in turn, our business, operating results and financial condition. Our customers 
failure to obtain or maintain the necessary regulatory approvals and licenses in jurisdictions, whether individually or collectively,
could have a material adverse effect on our and their business. 

To
expand into new jurisdictions, our customers may need to be licensed and obtain approvals of their product offerings. This is a time-consuming
process that can be extremely costly. Any delays in obtaining or difficulty in maintaining regulatory approvals or licenses needed for
expansion within existing jurisdictions or into new jurisdictions can negatively affect our and our customers opportunities for
growth, including the growth of our and our customers customer base, or delay our or their ability to recognize revenue from our
offerings in any such jurisdictions. Future legislative and regulatory action, and court decisions or other governmental action, may
have a material impact on our and our customers operations and financial results. Governmental authorities could view us or our
customers as having violated applicable laws or regulations, despite their efforts to obtain and maintain all applicable licenses or
approvals. There is also a risk that civil and criminal proceedings, including class actions brought by or on behalf of prosecutors or
public entities or incumbent providers, or private individuals, could be initiated against us our customers, Internet service providers,
credit card and other payment processors, advertisers and others involved in sports betting and online gaming industries. Such potential
proceedings could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets, injunctions or other restrictions being
imposed upon us or our customers or other business partners, while diverting the attention of key executives. Such proceedings could
have a material adverse effect on our and our customers businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects,
as well as impact our and our customers reputation. There can be no assurance that legally enforceable legislation will not be
proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially relevant to our business to prohibit, legislate or regulate various aspects
of sports betting and online gaming industries (or that existing laws in those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance
with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our and our customers businesses, financial condition and results
of operations, either as a result of our determination that a jurisdiction should be blocked, or because a local license or approval
may be costly for us or our customers to obtain and/or such licenses or approvals may contain other commercially undesirable conditions. 

Risks
Related to the Company s Legal and Regulatory Requirements 

Failure
to adequately protect our intellectual property and curb the sale of counterfeit merchandise could injure our brand and negatively affect
our sales. 

Our
trademarks, copyrights, patents, designs and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and our competitive position.
We devote significant resources to the registration and protection of our trademarks and patents. In spite of our efforts, counterfeiting
and design copies may still occur. If we are unsuccessful in challenging the usurpation of these rights by third parties, this could
adversely affect our future sales, financial condition and results of operations. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights
can potentially be met with defenses and counterclaims attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights.
Unplanned increases in legal fees and other costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights could result in higher
operating expenses. Additionally, legal regimes outside the U.S., particularly those in Asia, including China, may not always protect
intellectual property rights to the same degree as U.S. laws, or the time required to enforce our intellectual property rights under
these legal regimes may be lengthy and delay our recovery. 

30 

We
may become subject to claims for remuneration or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our employees, which could result
in litigation and adversely affect our business. 

A
significant portion of our intellectual property has been developed by our employees, or outside consultants in the course of their employment
or retention with us. Under the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967, or the Patent Law, inventions conceived by an employee during the scope
of his or her employment with a company are regarded as service inventions. The Israeli Compensation and Royalties Committee,
or the Committee, a body constituted under the Patent Law, has previously held, in certain cases, that employees may be entitled to remuneration
for service inventions that they develop during their service for a company despite their explicit waiver of such right. Therefore, we
may face claims by employees demanding remuneration beyond their regular salary and benefits. 

We
may be subject to product liability lawsuits or claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not able to
successfully defend or insure against such claims. 

We
may be subject to product liability lawsuits and claims that, individually or in the aggregate, could harm our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition. We may face lawsuits or claims if our products do not perform as expected, malfunction or are
used without complying with their specifications. Moreover, a product liability lawsuit or claim, regardless of merit, could generate
negative publicity about our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects, results of operations
and financial condition. Any lawsuit or claim seeking monetary damages significantly exceeding our coverage or outside of our coverage
may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

If
we provide products and services related to sports betting, our business may become subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many
of which are unsettled and still developing and which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. Any adverse change in
regulations or their interpretation, or the regulatory climate applicable to these contemplated products and services, or changes in
tax rules and regulations or interpretation thereof related to these contemplated products and services, could adversely impact our ability
to operate our business as we seek to operate in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Our
business could potentially expand into sports betting, in which case our business partners are generally subject to laws and
regulations in the jurisdictions in which we will conduct our business or in some circumstances, of those jurisdictions in which we
offer our services or those are available, as well as the general laws and regulations that apply to all e-commerce businesses, such
as those related to privacy and personal information, tax and consumer protection. These laws and regulations vary from one
jurisdiction to another and future legislative and regulatory action, court decisions or other governmental action, which may be
affected by, among other things, political pressures, attitudes and climates, as well as personal biases, may at such time have a
material impact on our operations and financial results, or may prevent our business partners from expanding into such businesses
entirely and thus, may have impact on our business. In addition, some jurisdictions in which we may operate could presently be
unregulated or partially regulated and therefore more susceptible to the enactment or change of laws and regulations. 

As
a result of the foregoing, future legislative and regulatory action, and court decisions or other governmental action, may have a material
impact on our business partners business and operations, and that may also have an impact on our operations and financial results.
Governmental authorities could view us as having violated local laws, despite efforts to obtain all applicable licenses or approvals.
There is also a risk that civil and criminal proceedings, including class actions brought by or on behalf of prosecutors or public entities
or incumbent monopoly providers, or private individuals, could be initiated against our business partners, us, and others involved in
the sports betting industry. Such potential proceedings could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of assets,
injunctions or other restrictions being imposed upon us or our business partners. Such proceedings could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as impact our reputation. 

Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that legally enforceable legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially
relevant to our business to prohibit, legislate or regulate various aspects of the sports betting industry (or that existing laws in
those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations, either as a result of our determination not to offer products or services in
a jurisdiction or to cease doing so, or because a local license or approval may be costly for us or our business partners to obtain and/or
such licenses or approvals may contain other commercially undesirable conditions. 

Fluctuations
in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may have a negative effect on our operating results. 

We
may be subject to income taxes in multiple jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which include
reserves for uncertain tax provisions in multiple tax jurisdictions. At any one time, many tax years may be subject to audit by various
taxing jurisdictions. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these
issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as events occur
and exposures are evaluated. Further, our effective tax rate in a given financial period may be materially impacted by changes in mix
and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. In addition, tax legislation enacted in the future could
negatively impact our current or future tax structure and effective tax rates. 

31 

We
do not have covenants not to compete in place with our key employees. 

We
generally do not enter into non-competition agreements as part of our employment agreements with our employees and it may be difficult
for us to restrict our competitors from benefitting from the expertise our former employees or consultants developed while working for
us. 

We
could be subject to changes in tax rates, adoption of new tax laws, additional tax liabilities or increased volatility in our effective
tax rate. 

We
are subject to the tax laws in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Current economic and political conditions make tax laws and
regulations, or their interpretation and application, in any jurisdiction subject to significant change. On December 22, 2017, the U.S.
enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ), which includes a number of significant changes to previous U.S. tax laws
that impact us, including provisions for a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings, and a reduction
in the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, among other changes. The Tax Act also transitions
U.S. international taxation from a worldwide system to a modified territorial system and includes base erosion prevention measures on
non-U.S. earnings, which has the effect of subjecting certain earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to U.S. taxation. 

We
earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries and are subject to the tax laws of those jurisdictions. There have been
proposals to reform foreign tax laws that could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings.
Although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals will pass, several of the proposals considered, if enacted into law,
could have an adverse impact on our income tax expense and cash flows. 

Portions
of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax under various tax holidays and rulings. We also utilize tax rulings
and other agreements to obtain certainty in treatment of certain tax matters. These holidays and rulings expire in whole or in part from
time to time and may be extended when certain conditions are met or terminated if certain conditions are not met. The impact of any changes
in conditions would be the loss of certainty in treatment thus potentially impacting our effective income tax rate. 

We
may also be subject to the examination of our tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS and other tax authorities.
We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision
for income taxes. Although we believe our tax provisions are adequate, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes
could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of audits or related disputes could
have an adverse effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made.
For example, we and our subsidiaries are also engaged in a number of intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. Although
we believe we have clearly reflected the economics of these transactions and the proper local transfer pricing documentation is in place,
tax authorities may propose and sustain adjustments that could result in changes that may impact our mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates. 

To
the extent we may rely on endorsements or testimonials, we will review any relevant relationships for compliance with the Endorsement
Guides and we will otherwise endeavor to follow the FTC Act and other legal standards applicable to our advertising . 

The
FTC regulates the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising as well as relationships between advertisers and social media influencers
pursuant to principles described in the FTC s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, or the
Endorsement Guides. The Endorsement Guides provide that an endorsement must reflect the honest opinion of the endorser and cannot be
used to make a claim about a product that the product s marketer couldn t itself legally make. They also say that if there
is a connection between an endorser and the marketer that consumers would not expect and it would affect how consumers evaluate the endorsement,
that connection should be disclosed. Another principle in the Endorsement Guides applies to ads that feature endorsements from people
who achieved exceptional, or even above average, results from using a product. If the advertiser doesn t have proof that the endorser s
experience represents what people will generally achieve using the product as described in the ad, then an ad featuring that endorser
must make clear to the audience what results they can generally expect to achieve and the advertiser must have a reasonable basis for
its representations regarding those generally expected results. Although the Endorsement Guides are advisory in nature and do not operate
directly with the force of law, they provide guidance about what the FTC staff generally believes the Federal Trade Commission Act, or
FTC Act, requires in the context using of endorsements and testimonials in advertising and any practices inconsistent with the Endorsement
Guides can result in violations of the FTC Act s proscription against unfair and deceptive practices. 

32 

To
the extent we may rely on endorsements or testimonials, we will review any relevant relationships for compliance with the Endorsement
Guides and we will otherwise endeavor to follow the FTC Act and other legal standards applicable to our advertising. However, if our
advertising claims or claims made by our social media influencers or by other endorsers with whom we have a material connection do not
comply with the Endorsement Guides or any requirement of the FTC Act or similar state requirements, the FTC and state consumer protection
authorities could subject us to investigations and enforcement actions, impose penalties, require us to pay monetary consumer redress,
require us to revise our marketing materials and require us to accept burdensome injunctions, all of which could harm our business, reputation,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure
of our contractors or our licensees contractors to comply with local laws and other standards could harm our business. 

We
work with contractors outside of the U.S. to manufacture our products. We require the contractors that directly manufacture our products
and our licensees that make products using our intellectual property (including, indirectly, their contract manufacturers) to comply
with environmental, health and safety standards for the benefit of workers. We also require these contractors to comply with applicable
standards for product safety. Notwithstanding their contractual obligations, from time-to-time contractors may not comply with such standards
or applicable local law or our licensees may fail to enforce such standards or applicable local law on their contractors. Significant
or continuing noncompliance with such standards and laws by one or more contractors could harm our reputation or result in a product
recall and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. Negative publicity regarding production methods,
alleged practices or workplace or related conditions of any of our suppliers, manufacturers or licensees could adversely affect our brand
image and sales and force us to locate alternative suppliers, manufacturers or licenses. 

We
could be subject to a change in tax laws, which may impact tax rates or otherwise adversely impact our tax position and may be subject
to a tax audit. 

We
are subject to the tax laws in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Such laws may change as a result of economic and political
conditions, or there may be changes to such laws interpretation and application. 

We
earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries and are subject to the tax laws of those jurisdictions. There have been
proposals to reform foreign tax laws that could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings.
Although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals will pass, several of the proposals considered, if enacted into law,
could have an adverse impact on our income tax expense and cash flows. 

We
are subject to a complex array of laws and regulations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

As
a global business, we are subject to and must comply with extensive laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which
we have operations and distribution channels. If we or our employees, agents, suppliers, and other partners fail to comply with any of
these laws or regulations, such failure could subject us to fines, sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation,
business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be involved in various types of claims, lawsuits, regulatory proceedings
and government investigations relating to our business, our products and the actions of our employees and representatives, including
contractual and employment relationships, product liability, antitrust, trademark rights and a variety of other matters. It is not possible
to predict with certainty the outcome of any such legal or regulatory proceedings or investigations, and we could in the future incur
judgments, fines or penalties, or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations and negatively impact our reputation. The global nature of our business means legal and
compliance risks, such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption, fraud, trade, environmental, competition, privacy and other regulatory matters,
will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies will arise from time to time, which could adversely affect
us. In addition, the adoption of new laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, may result
in significant unanticipated legal and reputational risks. Any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings could divert management s
attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees. 

For
as long as we are a smaller reporting company, we will not be required to comply with certain reporting requirements that
apply to other publicly reporting companies. We cannot predict whether the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies will make our common shares less attractive to investors. 

We
are currently a smaller reporting company . For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we may choose
to take advantage of certain exemptions from reporting requirements applicable to other publicly reporting companies that are not smaller
reporting companies. These include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements for the assessment of our internal
controls over financial reporting provided by Section 404 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and not being
required to provide certain disclosure regarding executive compensation required of larger publicly reporting companies. We cannot predict
if investors will find our common shares less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
shares less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our shares
and our share price may be more volatile. Further, as a result of these scaled regulatory requirements, our disclosure may be more limited
than that of other publicly reporting companies and you may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of such companies. 

33 

We
are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act that require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection
with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit. 

We
are required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements
on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist
in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this
time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined
at this time and will affect the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will
obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a
profit. 

However,
for as long as we remain a smaller reporting company, as defined in in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
or JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Shares 

There
is currently limited liquidity of shares of our common stock. 

We
can give no assurance that an active trading market for shares of our common stock will develop on the Nasdaq or if its develops, will
be sustained, or that the shares of common stock will trade at or above the public offering price. Failure to develop or maintain a trading
market could negatively affect its value and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. Even if a market for common
stock does develop, the market price of common stock may be highly volatile. In addition to the uncertainties relating to future operating
performance and the profitability of operations, factors such as variations in interim financial results or various, as yet unpredictable,
factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. The liquidity of the
shares of our common stock may also be affected adversely by a forward stock split given the reduced number of shares that will be outstanding
following a reverse stock split, especially if the market price of our common stock does not increase as a result of the forward stock
split. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you could lose all or part of your investment
as a result. 

You
should consider an investment in our securities to be risky, and you should invest in our securities only if you can withstand a significant
loss and wide fluctuation in the market value of your investment. The market price of our common shares could be subject to significant
fluctuations in response to the factors described in this section and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Among the
factors that could affect our stock price are: 

Actual
 or anticipated variations in our quarterly and annual operating results or those of companies perceived to be similar to
 us; 

Weather
 conditions, particularly during holiday shopping periods; 

Changes
 in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors, or differences
 between our actual results and those expected by investors and securities analysts; 

Fluctuations
 in the market valuations of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

The
 public s response to our or our competitors filings with the SEC or announcements regarding new products or services,
 enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic investments, litigation, restructurings or other significant matters; 

34 

Speculation
 about our business in the press or the investment community; 

Future
 sales of our shares; 

Actions
 by our competitors; 

Additions
 or departures of members of our senior management or other key personnel; and 

The passage
 of legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry. 

In
addition, the securities markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect
market price of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations, as well as general economic, systemic, political and market conditions,
such as recessions, loss of investor confidence, interest rate changes, or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect
the market price of our shares. 

If
any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to securities class action litigation that, even
if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 

The
trading market for our common shares will be influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and
our business. The price of our common shares could decline if one or more securities analysts downgrade our common shares or if those
analysts issue a sell recommendation or other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. If one or
more of the analysts who elect to cover us downgrade our common shares, our share price could decline rapidly. If one or more of these
analysts cease coverage of us, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our common share price and trading volume
to decline. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our shares of common stock and under the terms of certain outstanding loans, we are not permitted to
pay any dividends. 

We
intend to retain all of our earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future to finance the operation and expansion of our business and do
not anticipate paying cash dividends. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors,
subject to compliance with applicable law and any contractual provisions, and will depend on, among other factors, our results of operations,
financial condition, capital requirements and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. In addition, under the terms
of the loan agreements between the Company and Yonah Kalfa and Naftali Kalfa and the Company, we may not make any distributions until
these loan agreements are repaid in full. At this time, such loans have not been repaid in full. As a result, you should expect to receive
a return on your investment in our common shares only if the market price of our common stock increases, which may never occur. 

Future
sales, or the perception of future sales, of our common stock may depress the price of our common stock. 

As
of April 30, 2022, we had 7,317,601 outstanding common shares. Of these shares, 709,080 shares were in the public float or are eligible
for re-sale under Rule 144. The remaining 6,608,521 shares common stock outstanding are restricted securities within the
meaning of Rule 144. In addition, on September 8, 2021, we filed a registration statement with the SEC to register an additional 1,640,000
shares of common stock, which was declared effective on January 27, 2022. On September 28, 2022, we issued (i) 1,018,510 shares of common
stock and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 11,802,002 shares of its common
stock, together with accompanying common stock warrants, at a combined purchase price of 0.39 per share of the common stock and associated
common stock warrant and 0.3899 per Pre-Funded Warrant and associated common stock warrants. The Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise
price of 0.00001 per share of common stock and are exercisable until the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The shares of common
stock and Pre-Funded Warrants were sold in the offering together with common stock warrants to purchase 12,820,512 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of 0.39 per share and a term of five years following the initial exercise date (the 5-Year Warrants and warrants to purchase 25,641,024 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.43 per share and a term of seven and one half years
(the 7.5-Year Warrants following the initial exercise date (collectively, the September Warrants . On January
6, 2023, the Company issued warrants to purchase 9,049,774 shares of the Company s common stock (the January Warrants ).
The January Warrants have an exercise price per share equal 0.221. The issuance of the January Warrants at an exercise price of 0.221
reset the exercise price of the Noteholder Warrants (as defined below) to 0.221 per share from the original exercise price of 30.00.
Sales of the shares underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants, the September Warrants, the January Warrants and the Noteholder Warrants in the
public market after the date hereof, or the perception that these sales could occur, could reduce the market price of our common stock.
If our stock is priced or closes at a price that would reduce the conversion price of the notes to be below approximately 15.00, additional
conversion shares will be issuable upon the automatic conversion of the notes, and we will be required to file a new registration statement
covering the new conversion shares as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of the number of new conversion shares
that need to be registered. The new registration statement will cover both the shares originally registered for resale and the new conversion
shares. Additional sales of our common shares in the public market after the date hereof, or the perception that these sales could occur,
could reduce the market price of our common stock. 

We
will be required to file an additional registration statement once we regain compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements. 

On
September 8, 2021, we filed a registration statement with the SEC to register 1,640,000 shares of common stock for resale by certain
selling stockholders, which was declared effective on January 27, 2022. Following our public offering resulting in our common stock being
listed on Nasdaq and once we regain compliance with the Nasdaq listing standards, additional conversion shares need to be registered.
We also have agreed to register additional shares in connection with our recent financing. See Item 1. Business Recent Developments 
for more information. The new registration statement will cover both the shares originally registered for resale, the new conversion
shares and the recent financing shares. 

35 

Certain
of the Company s large shareholders may be able to exert significant influence on the Company and their interests may conflict
with the interests of its other shareholders . 

Certain
of the Company s large shareholders, including our officers and directors, represent approximately 44.5 of the Company s
voting rights as of April 30, 2022. Therefore, these shareholders would be able to exert significant influence over certain matters,
including matters that must be resolved by the general meeting of shareholders, such as the election of members to the board of directors
or the declaration of dividends or other distributions. To the extent that the interests of these shareholders may differ from the interests
of the Company s other shareholders, the Company s other shareholders may be disadvantaged by any actions that these shareholders
may seek to pursue. 

Our
stockholders may not be able to enforce judgments entered by United States courts against certain of our officers and directors. 

We
are incorporated in the State of Delaware. However, some of our directors and executive officers may reside outside of the U.S. As a
result, our stockholders may not be able to effect service of process upon those persons within the 

 U.S.
or enforce against those persons judgments obtained in U.S. courts. 

The
sale of a large number of shares of common stock by our principal shareholder could depress the market price of our common stock. 

As
of April 30, 2022, Yonah Kalfa beneficially owned approximately 32 of our common stock outstanding. The shares may become available
for resale, subject to the requirements of the U.S. securities laws. The sale or prospect of a sale of a substantial number of these
shares could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Future
sales of our common stock may result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock, even if our business is doing well. 

The
market price of our common stock could drop due to sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market or the perception
that such sales could occur. This could make it more difficult to raise funds through future offerings of common stock. 

36 

If
we implement a reverse stock split to regain compliance with the Bid-Price Rule, it may not result in a proportional increase in the
per share price of our common stock. 

As
described above under Item 1. Business Recent Developments, Nasdaq informed us on October 10, 2022, that we were
not in compliance with the Bid Price Rule and that we had until April 10, 2023 to regain such compliance. To do so, our Board of Directors
is contemplating a 1-for-10 reverse stock split. The effect of a future reverse stock split, if any, on the market price for our common
stock cannot be accurately predicted. In particular, we cannot assure you that the prices for shares of the common stock after a future
reverse stock split will increase proportionately to prices for shares of our common stock immediately before a reverse stock split.
The market price of our common stock may also be affected by other factors which may be unrelated to a future reverse stock split or
the number of shares outstanding. 

Furthermore,
even if the market price of our common stock does rise following a reverse stock split, we cannot assure you that the market price of
our common stock immediately after a reverse stock split will be maintained for any period of time. Moreover, because some investors
may view a reverse stock split negatively, we cannot assure you that a reverse stock split will not adversely impact the market price
of our common stock. Accordingly, our total market capitalization after a reverse stock split may be lower than the market capitalization
before a reverse stock split. 

Shareholders
may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through issuance of additional shares . 

Our
Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized 300,000,000 shares
that are not issued or reserved for issuance under convertible or exchangeable instruments. In addition, we may attempt to raise additional
capital by selling shares, possibly at a deep discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of
existing shareholders, further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. 

A
reverse stock split may not help generate additional investor interest. 

There
can be no assurance that a reverse stock split will result in a per share price that will attract institutional investors or investment
funds or that such share price will satisfy the investing guidelines of institutional investors or investment funds. As a result, the
trading liquidity of our common stock may not necessarily improve. 

There
can be no assurances that our common stock will not be subject to potential delisting if we do not regain compliance with the listing
requirements of the Nasdaq. 

We
have listed the shares of our common stock on the Nasdaq, under the symbol CNXA. As such we are e subject to, among other
things, our fulfilling all of the listing requirements of the Nasdaq. In addition, Nasdaq has rules for continued listing, including,
without limitation, minimum market capitalization and other requirements. As described above under Item 1. Business Recent
Developments, Nasdaq informed us that we are deficient with respect to several continued listing criteria. Failure to maintain
our listing (i.e., being de-listed from the Nasdaq), would make it more difficult for shareholders to sell our common stock and more
difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our common stock. This could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock.
Our ability to issue additional securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in
the future, may also be materially and adversely affected if our common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. 

We
have received notices of delinquency from the Nasdaq for violations of listing rules and there is no assurance that we will regain compliance
and maintain our listing on the Nasdaq. 

We 
 have received a number of letters from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq from
the period starting on August 16, 2022 through March 21, 2023 (i) notifying us that we are not in compliance with the periodic filing
requirements for continued listing because our (i) Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022
and (ii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended July 31, 2022 and October 31, 2022 (collectively, the Delinquent
Filings ), by February 13, 2023 (the due date for filing the Delinquent Filings pursuant to an exception to Nasdaq s Listing
Rule previously granted by Nasdaq) and our Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023 was
not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by the required due date of March 17, 2023,
which is an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities from the Nasdaq and (ii) indicating that the Nasdaq Hearings
Panel (the Panel would consider this matter in rendering a determination regarding the Company s continued listing
on the Nasdaq at its hearing on Thursday, March 30, 2023. 

On October 10, 2022, we
received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that our common stock is subject to potential delisting
from Nasdaq because, for a period of 30 consecutive business days, the bid price of the Company s common stock closed below
the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the Bid Price Rule ).
The Nasdaq notice indicated that, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company will be provided 180 calendar
days, or until April 10, 2023, to regain compliance. The Company did not regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule before April
10, 2023, but requested at its hearing on March 30, 2023 an additional period of six months to cure the deficiency by effecting a reverse
stock split, if necessary. 

We have also been notified by
the Nasdaq that due to the resignations from the Company s board, audit committee and compensation committee on November 17, 2022,
we no longer comply with Nasdaq s independent director, audit committee and compensation committee requirements as set forth in
Listing Rule 5605. 

On March 30, 2023, the Company
had its hearing with the Nasdaq, which indicated that a decision with respect to the Company s listing status on the Nasdaq would
be rendered within two weeks. 

On April 12, 2023, the Company
received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that the Company had not yet regained compliance
with the Bid Price Rule, which serves as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities from the Nasdaq. The letter
further indicated that the Panel will consider this matter in its decision regarding the Company s continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. In that regard, the Nasdaq indicated that the Company should present its views with respect to this additional delinquency
to the Panel in writing no later than April 19, 2023. 

To date, we have not yet filed
our Delinquent Filings other than this annual report on Form 10-K, although work on completing such filings is ongoing and have not received
a response from the Nasdaq with respect to our requests for extensions of time to regain compliance with the listing requirements with
respect to which we are currently in violation. 

The Company offers no assurance
that its request to be granted further time to file its Delinquent Filings, regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule and redress its
Corporate Governance Deficiencies and to remain listed on the Nasdaq will be granted. 

37 

There
can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts to maintain its Nasdaq listing. If the Company s common
stock ceases to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company would expect that its common stock would be traded on
one of the three tiered marketplaces of the OTC Markets Group. The Company intends to closely monitor the closing bid price of its common
stock and consider all available options to remedy the bid price deficiency to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on our company. If no securities
or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock may be negatively impacted. In the event securities
or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or
unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company
or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume
to decline. 

If
our shares of common stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized
for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not obtain or retain a listing on the Nasdaq and if the price of our
common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock will be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before
a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified
information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser
and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement
to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have
difficulty selling their shares. 

A
significant portion of our total outstanding shares is restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near future,
which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. Upon the expiration or early release
of any or all of the lock-up agreements entered into between the Representatives and each of our directors, executive officers and holders
of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, a significant amount of shares of our common stock may be sold, or there may be a perception
that they will be sold, in the public market. 

Additionally,
upon the (i) expiration of, (ii) early release of, and (iii) terms permitting sales of shares of the Company s common stock at
certain times, a significant amount of shares of our common stock may be sold, or there may be a perception that they will be sold, in
the public market. 

Upon
the sale, or the perception that a sale will occur, as described above, our stock price may decline significantly, even if our business
is doing well. 

38 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

As
of the date of this report, we do not own any properties. Our principal office is located at 2709 N. Rolling Road, Suite 138, Windsor
Mill, Maryland 21244. We entered into a lease for use of office space at this location effective September 1, 2019. This location is
owned by Zeek Logistics.
We do not pay any rent or fee to use this location. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On February 8, 2023, Oasis Capital, LLC Oasis filed a lawsuit against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking damages (i) in the
amount of 764,647.53 in for an alleged breach of the terms of the 8 senior convertible note and the securities purchase agreement entered
into between Oasis and the Company in connection with the Note (as defined below), which in December 2021 was increased to 600,000 in
principal amount (the Note and (ii) an unspecified amount of damage for an alleged breach of the exclusivity provisions
of a term sheet that the Company and Oasis entered into on July 7, 2022 plus an actual damages in an amount to be proven at trial, interest
and costs, reasonable attorney s fees and such other legal and equitable relief as the court deems just and proper. The Company
believes the lawsuit is without merit and is vigorously defending itself. 

We
know of no pending proceedings to which any director, member of senior management, or affiliate is either a party adverse to us or has
a material interest adverse to us. 

None
of our executive officers or directors have (i) been involved in any bankruptcy proceedings within the last five years, (ii) been convicted
in or has pending any criminal proceedings (other than traffic violations and other minor offenses), (iii) been subject to any order,
judgment or decree enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activity
or (iv) been found to have violated any Federal, state or provincial securities or commodities law and such finding has not been reversed,
suspended or vacated. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

As
of April 30, 2022, our shares of common stock were quoted on the OTCQB by the OTC Markets Group Inc. of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc. FINRA under the symbol SLBG (since November 2019). On April 7, 2022, the Company effected
a name change to Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. and a ticker symbol change from SLBG to CNXA . On June 15,
2022, the Company uplisted its shares of common stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market where its shares of common stock now trade. 

Quarter Ended 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 April 30, 2022 
 13.50 
 13.50 
 
 January 31, 2022 
 15.80 
 14.30 
 
 October 31, 2021 
 30.80 
 29.00 
 
 July 31, 2021 
 33.90 
 30.80 
 
 April 30, 2021 
 52.30 
 50.30 

Holders
of Record 

On May 17, 2023, there were 235 holders of
record of our common stock, as reported by the Company s transfer agent. In computing the number of holders of record, each broker-dealer
and clearing corporation holding shares on behalf of its customers is counted as a single shareholder. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock nor do we anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. Furthermore,
we expect to retain any future earnings to finance our operations and expansion. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be
at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

39 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

On
November 11, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the Slinger Bag Inc. Global Share Incentive Plan (2020), or the 2020
Plan, which was approved by stockholders holding in the aggregate 19,994,700 shares of the Company s common stock, or approximately
75.4 of the Company s common stock outstanding on such date. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of awards which are incentive
stock options ISOs ), non-qualified stock options NQSOs ), unrestricted stock, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance stock and other equity-based and cash awards or any combination of the foregoing, to eligible key management
employees, non-employee directors, and non-employee consultants of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each a participant (however, solely employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are eligible for incentive stock option awards). 

The
Company has reserved a total of 1,500,000 shares for issuance under awards to be made under the 2020 Plan, all of which may, but need
not, be issued in connection with ISOs. To the extent that an award lapses, expires, is canceled, is terminated unexercised or ceases
to be exercisable for any reason, or the rights of its holder terminate, any shares subject to such award shall again be available for
the grant of a new award. The 2020 Plan shall continue in effect, unless sooner terminated, until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the
date on which it was adopted by the Board of Directors (except as to awards outstanding on that date). The Board of Directors in its
discretion may terminate the 2020 Plan at any time with respect to any shares for which awards have not theretofore been granted; provided,
however, that the 2020 Plan s termination shall not materially and adversely impair the rights of a holder, without the consent
of the holder, with respect to any award previously granted. 

Future
new hires, non-employee directors and additional non-employee consultants are eligible to participate in the 2020 Plan as well. The number
of awards to be granted to officers, non-employee directors, employees and non-employee consultants cannot be determined at this time
as the grant of awards is dependent upon various factors such as hiring requirements and job performance. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

Since
May 1, 2021, the Company has issued an aggregate of 6,881,655 shares of its common stock consisting of: 

On
June 16, 2022, we issued 4,389,469 shares of common stock to the investors who purchased on August 6, 2021 our 8 Senior Convertible
Note in an aggregate principal amount of 11,000,000. 

On
June 27, 2022, we issued 25,000 shares of common stock to Gabriel Goldman for consulting services performed in the first quarter of calendar
2022 (Gabriel Goldman became a director of the Company on June 15, 2022). 

On
August 25, 2022, we issued 30,000 shares of common stock to Midcity Capital Ltd Midcity pursuant to a cashless conversion
of warrants Midcity received from its warrant agreement with company dated March 2020. 

On August 25, 2022, we issued 30,000 shares of common
stock to Midcity Capital Ltd Midcity pursuant to a cashless conversion of warrants Midcity received from its warrant agreement
with company dated March 2020. 

On September 28, 2022, we issued 1,018,510 shares
of common stock and pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 11,802,002 shares of its common
stock, together with accompanying common stock warrants, at a combined purchase price of 0.39 per share of the common stock and associated
common stock warrant and 0.3899 per Pre-Funded Warrant and associated common stock warrants to Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. The
Pre-Funded Warrants have an exercise price of 0.00001 per share of common stock and are exercisable until the Pre-Funded Warrants are
exercised in full. The shares of common stock and Pre-Funded Warrants were sold in the offering together with common stock warrants to
purchase 12,820,512 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.39 per share and a term of five years following the initial exercise
date (the 5-Year Warrants and warrants to purchase 25,641,024 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.43 per
share and a term of seven and one half years (the 7.5-Year Warrants following the initial exercise date (collectively,
the September Warrants . 

On January
6, 2023, the Company issued warrants to purchase 9,049,774 shares of the Company s common stock (the January Warrants ).
The January Warrants have an exercise price per share equal 0.221. 

The company used the net proceeds it received from
its registered offering on June 14, 2022 (i.e., 4,195,000) for the following purposes (dollars in thousands): 

Use of Net Proceeds 
 
 Working Capital 
 1,970 
 
 Repayment of Midcity Capital loan (1) 
 500 
 
 Payment to Mr. Shaik (2) 
 500 

(1) 
 For
 more information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
 Condition Description of Indebtedness Loan Agreements . 
 
 (2) 
 For
 more information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
 Condition Overview Gameface Acquisition. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

40 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

Lazex Inc. Lazex was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on July 12, 2015. On August 23, 2019, the majority owner of Lazex entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement with Slinger Bag Americas Inc., a Delaware corporation Slinger Bag Americas ), which was 100 
owned by Slinger Bag Ltd. SBL ), an Israeli company. In connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement, Slinger Bag Americas
acquired 2,000,000 shares of common stock of Lazex for 332,239. On September 16, 2019, SBL transferred its ownership of Slinger Bag Americas
to Lazex in exchange for the 2,000,000 shares of Lazex acquired on August 23, 2019. As a result of these transactions, Lazex owned 100 
of Slinger Bag Americas and the sole shareholder of SBL owned 2,000,000 shares of common stock (approximately 82 of Lazex. Effective
September 13, 2019, Lazex changed its name to Slinger Bag Inc. 

On October 31, 2019, Slinger
Bag Americas acquired control of Slinger Bag Canada, Inc., Slinger Bag Canada a Canadian company incorporated on November
3, 2017. There were no assets, liabilities or historical operational activity of Slinger Bag Canada. 

On February 10, 2020, Slinger
Bag Americas became the 100 owner of SBL, along with SBL s wholly owned subsidiary Slinger Bag International (UK) Limited Slinger
Bag UK ), which was formed on April 3, 2019. On February 10, 2021, Zehava Tepler, the owner of SBL, contributed Slinger Bag UK to
Slinger Bag Americas for no consideration. 

Effective February 25, 2020,
the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 75,000,000 to 300,000,000 via a four-to-one forward split of
its outstanding shares of common stock. All share and per share information contained in this report have been retroactively adjusted
to reflect the impact of the stock split. 

On June 21, 2021, Slinger Bag
Americas entered into a membership interest purchase agreement with Charles Ruddy to acquire a 100 ownership stake in Foundation Sports
Systems, LLC Foundation Sports ). 

On February 2, 2022, the Company
entered into a share purchase agreement with Flixsense Pty, Ltd. Gameface ). As a result of the share purchase agreement,
Gameface would become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On February 22, 2022, the Company
entered into a merger agreement with PlaySight Interactive Ltd. PlaySight and Rohit Krishnan (the Shareholders 
Representative ). As a result of the merger agreement, PlaySight would become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

During April 2022, the Company
determined that the technology utilized in the Foundation Sports acquired entity would take substantially more financial resources and
more time to bring to market and achieve profitability than originally anticipated. As a result, the goodwill and intangible assets related
to Foundation Sports were fully impaired as of April 30, 2022, resulting in an impairment loss of 3,486,599. In addition, during April
2022 the Company decided to sell a portion of Foundation Sports. The Company continued to classify Foundation Sports in continuing operations,
until December 5, 2022 when they sold 75 of Foundation Sports back to the original owners at which time it deconsolidated this subsidiary
and recorded a loss on the sale. The Company also determined to dispose of the PlaySight entity during the year ended April 30, 2023.
The Company completed the sale in November 2022 and recorded a loss on the sale at that time. 

In April 2022, the Company changed
its domicile from Nevada to Delaware. On April 7, 2022, the Company effected a name change to Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. We also
changed our ticker symbol, CNXA . Connexa is now the holding company under which Slinger Bag, PlaySight, Gameface and Foundation
Sports reside. 

The operations of Slinger Bag
Inc., Slinger Bag Americas, Slinger Bag Canada, Slinger Bag UK, SBL, Foundation Sports, PlaySight and Gameface are collectively referred
to as the Company. 

On June 14, 2022, the Company
effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split, where the Company s common stock began to trade on a reverse split adjusted basis. No fractional
shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split and all such fractional interests were rounded up to the nearest whole number
of shares of common stock. All references to the outstanding stock have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect this reverse split. The
Company also consummated a public offering of shares of its common stock and the listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The Company operates in the sports
equipment and technology business. The Company is the owner of the Slinger Launcher, which is comprised of a portable tennis ball launcher,
a portable padel tennis ball launcher and a portable pickleball launcher and Gameface AI, providing AI technology and performance analytics. 

41 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America GAAP ). As a result of the transactions described above, the accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the combined results of Slinger Bag Inc., Slinger Bag Americas, Slinger Bag Canada, Slinger Bag UK, SBL, Foundation Sports, PlaySight,
and Gameface for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Valuation
of Inventory 

Inventory
is valued at the lower of the cost (determined principally on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. The Company s
valuation of inventory includes inventory reserves for inventory that will be sold below cost and the impact of inventory shrink. Inventory
reserves are based on historical information and assumptions about future demand and inventory shrink trends. It is possible that changes
to inventory reserve estimates could be required in future periods due to changes in market conditions. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, the core principle of which
is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company recognizes
revenue for its performance obligation associated with its contracts with customers at a point in time once products are shipped. Amounts
collected from customers in advance of shipping products ordered are reflected as deferred revenue on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. The Company s standard terms are non-cancelable and do not provide for the right-of-return, other than for defective merchandise
covered under the Company s standard warranty. The Company has not historically experienced any significant returns or warranty
issues. 

Business
Combinations 

Upon
acquisition of a company, we determine if the transaction is a business combination, which is accounted for using the acquisition method
of accounting. Under the acquisition method, once control is obtained of a business, the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, are
recorded at fair value. We use our best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. One of the most significant estimates relates to the determination of the fair value
of these assets and liabilities. The determination of the fair values is based on estimates and judgments made by management. Our estimates
of fair value are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Measurement
period adjustments are reflected at the time identified, up through the conclusion of the measurement period, which is the time at which
all information for determination of the values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received and is not to exceed one year
from the acquisition date. We may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. 

Additionally,
uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the
acquisition date. We continue to collect information and reevaluate these estimates and assumptions periodically and record any adjustments
to preliminary estimates to goodwill, provided we are within the measurement period. If outside of the measurement period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to the consolidated statement of operations. 

42 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair
value of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. The three-tier hierarchy for
inputs used in measuring fair value, which prioritizes the inputs used in the methodologies of measuring fair value for assets and liabilities,
is as follows: 

Level
1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

 Level
2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities 

 Level
3 Unobservable pricing inputs in the market 

Financial
assets and financial liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair
value measurements. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurements requires judgment and may
affect the valuation of the assets and liabilities being measured and their categorization within the fair value hierarchy. 

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. The carrying amount
of these financial instruments approximates fair value due to their short-term maturity. The Company s derivative liabilities were
calculated using Level 2 assumptions. 

The
Company s contingent consideration in connection with the acquisition of Gameface and PlaySight were calculated using Level 3 inputs. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of its intangible assets using Level 3 assumptions, primarily based on the income approach utilizing
the discounted cash flow method. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are accounted for in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

In
accordance with ASC 360-10, the Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their net book value may not be recoverable. When such factors and circumstances exist, the Company compares the projected undiscounted
future cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their estimated useful lives against their respective carrying
amount. If those net undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying amount, impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying
amount over the fair value, based on market value or discounted expected cash flows of those assets and is recorded in the period in
which the determination is made. Long-lived assets related to Foundation Sports in the amount of 1,056,599 were fully impaired as of
April 30, 2022, resulting in an impairment loss. There was no impairment of long-lived assets identified during the year ended April
30, 2021. 

Goodwill 

The
Company accounts for goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). ASC 350 requires
that goodwill not be amortized, but reviewed for impairment if impairment indicators arise and, at a minimum, annually. The Company records
goodwill as the excess purchase price over assets acquired and includes any work force acquired as goodwill. Goodwill is evaluated for
impairment on an annual basis. 

With
the adoption of the ASU 2017-04, which eliminates the second step of the goodwill impairment test, the Company tests impairment of goodwill
in one step. In this step, the Company compares the fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill to its carrying value. The Company
determines the fair value of its reporting units with goodwill using a combination of a discounted cash flow and a market value approach.
If the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, the Company will
record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value. If the fair value of
the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that reporting unit, goodwill is not impaired and the Company
will not record an impairment charge. 

The
Company determined in April 2022 that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying value of the net assets assigned
to the reporting unit, and therefore goodwill was fully impaired for Foundation Sports at April 30, 2022, resulting in an impairment
loss of 2,430,000. There was no impairment of goodwill as of April 30, 2021. 

43 

Valuation
of Warrants 

The
Company grants warrants to key employees and executives as compensation on a discretionary basis. The Company also grants warrants in
connection with certain note payable agreements and other key arrangements. The Company is required to estimate the fair value of share-based
awards on the measurement date and recognize as expense that value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest over
the requisite service period. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently
Adopted 

In
January 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and
Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment ASU 2017-04 ), which simplifies how an entity is required
to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Under ASU 2017-04, goodwill impairment will
be tested by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, and recognizing an impairment charge for the amount
by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and
is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 effective
May 1, 2021. The adoption of the new standard did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting
Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU ), 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ,
which amends ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). This update is intended to simplify accounting for income taxes by removing certain
exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740 and amending existing guidance to improve consistent application of ASC 740. This update
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. The guidance in this update has various elements, some of which are
applied on a prospective basis and others on a retrospective basis with earlier application permitted. The Company has not yet adopted
this update and is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own
Equity. ASU 2020-06 will simplify the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models for convertible
debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being
separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation
models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition
of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt instruments issued
with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 also amends the guidance for the derivatives
scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. ASU 2020-06
will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2020-06 will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments ASC 326 ). The guidance replaces the incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred
to as the current expected credit loss CECL methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology
is applicable to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. It also
applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credits, financial
guarantees, and other similar instruments) and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor in accordance with Topic 842 on leases.
ASC 326 requires enhanced disclosures related to the significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses as well as
the credit quality and underwriting standards of a company s portfolio. In addition, ASC 326 made changes to the accounting for
available-for-sale debt securities. One such change is to require credit losses to be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down
on available-for-sale debt securities the Company does not intend to sell or believes that it is more likely than not they will be required
to sell. The ASU can be adopted no later than January 1, 2020 for SEC filers and January 1, 2023 for private companies and smaller reporting
companies. The Company has not yet adopted this ASU as it qualifies as a smaller reporting company. The Company does not expect this
ASU will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations - Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities (Topic
805) . The amendments in this Update address diversity and inconsistency related to the recognition and measurement of contract
assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination. The amendments in this Update require that an acquirer recognize
and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

The
FASB has issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). ASU 2021-04 provides
guidance that an entity should treat a modification of the terms or conditions or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written
call option that remains equity classified after modification or exchange as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument.
The standard also provides guidance on how an entity should measure and recognize the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding
equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted for all entities, including adoption in an interim period. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2021-04 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statement
presentation or disclosures. 

44 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 

The
following are the results of our operations for the year ended April 30, 2022 as compared to April 30, 2021: 

For
 the Years Ended April 30, 

2022 

2021 

Change
 ) 

Change
 ) 

Net sales 

16,831,477 

10,804,214 

6,027,263 

55.79 

Cost
 of sales 

12,346,712 

7,680,290 

4,666,422 

60.74 
 6 
 
 Gross
 profit 

4,484,765 

3,123,924 

1,360,841 

43.56 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 

3,536,617 

1,881,434 

1,655,183 

87.97 

General and administrative
 expenses 

43,424,105 

4,629,642 

38,794,463 

837.96 

Research and development costs 

855,660 

339,385 

516,275 

152.12 

Impairment loss 

3,486,599 

3,486,599 

N/A 

Transaction
 costs 

5,109,522 

5,109,522 

N/A 

Total
 operating expenses 

56,412,503 

6,850,461 

49,562,042 

723.48 

Loss
 from operations 

(51,927,738) 

(3,726,537) 

(48,201,201) 

1293.46 

Other expenses (income): 

Amortization of debt discount 

8,150,284 

376,506 

7,773,778 

2064,72 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

7,096,730 

3,030,495 

4,066,235 

134.18 

Loss on issuance of convertible
 notes 

5,889,369 

- 

5,889,369 

N/A 

Gain on change in fair value
 of derivatives 

(18,557,184) 

(1,939,639) 

(16,617,545) 

856.73 

Gain on change in fair value
 of contingent consideration 

(4,847,000) 

(4,847,000) 

N/A 

Interest expense - related
 party 

165,558 

608,668 

(443,110) 

(72.80) 
 
 Interest
 expense 

1,948,157 

12,792,193 

(10,844,036) 

(84.77) 
 
 Total
 other (income) expense 

(154,086) 

14,868,223 

(15,022,309) 

(101.04) 
 
 Loss before income taxes 

(51,773,652) 

(18,594,760) 

(33,178,892) 

178.43 

Provision
 for income taxes 

N/A 

Net
 loss 

(51,773,652) 

(18,594,760) 

(33,178,892) 

178.43 

Net
sales 

Our
net sales during the year ended April 30, 2022 were 16,831,477, which consisted partially of shipped orders related to new orders placed
and fulfilled to consumers via our online marketplace and to our international distributors. Our net sales during the year ended April
30, 2021 were 10,804,214 which consisted partially of shipped orders related to our Kickstarter and Indiegogo crowdfunding campaigns
initiated in fiscal year 2019, as well as new orders placed and fulfilled to consumers via our online marketplace and to our international
distributors. The increases to our online marketplace in Slinger Bag contributed to the increase in sales along with increases related
to the purchase of PlaySight in February 2022. As of April 30, 2022 and 2021, we had contract liabilities of 2,656,706 and 99,531,
respectively, representing units that have not been shipped at year end. 

Cost
of sales 

Our cost of sales during the year ended April 30, 2022 were 12,346,712, which represents the costs of units shipped during the period, and resulted in a gross profit of 4,484,765, or 26.65 . Our cost of
sales during the year ended April 30, 2021 were 7,680,290, which represents the costs of units shipped during the period, and resulted
in a gross profit of 3,123,924, or 28.91 . During the first quarter of the current year, we experienced a gross loss as the bulk of our
sales in that period related to the shipment of initial crowdfunding orders. The loss on these shipments was due to (1) discounted pricing
on the initial crowdfunding orders, (2) as fulfillment was later than initially scheduled we fulfilled orders with the deluxe 
version of launcher (including all features), as well as tennis balls, both of which increased costs, and (3) due to sanctions by the
U.S. against Chinese sourced products, the import duty was raised on all launchers brought into the U.S. increasing our cost of sales.
As a result, our cost of sales exceeded initial sales values raised in our crowdfunding campaigns. As of the beginning of the third quarter
of the previous year, substantially all of the initial crowdfunding orders had been fulfilled. Sales generated during the last two fiscal
quarters represented new orders placed and fulfilled during the current year by consumers and distributors, which resulted in a positive
gross profit. Currently, our cost of sales is being negatively impacted by the large increase in container costs out of Asia. In addition,
we had increases in 2022 cost of sales related to the purchase of PlaySight in February 2022. Our gross margins slightly increased in
2022 versus 2021 related to the above items. 

45 

Selling
and marketing expenses 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022, we incurred selling and marketing expenses of 3,536,617 compared with 1,881,434 during the year ended
April 30, 2021. This increase is largely driven by an increase in social media advertising, sponsorships, and other investments in our
public relations presence in order to drive sales and build brand awareness. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation, including share-based compensation, and other employee-related costs,
as well as legal fees and fees for professional services. During the year ended April 30, 2022, we incurred general and administrative
expenses of 43,424,105 compared with 4,629,642 during the year ended April 30, 2021. The increase in general and administrative expenses
is largely due to our share based compensation that resulted in an expense of 32,176,087. 

Research
and development costs 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022, we incurred research and development costs of 855,660 compared with 339,385 during the year ended April
30, 2021. This increase is mainly driven by our investment in new slinger bag launcher products for Pickleball and Padel as well as costs
relating to the development of a consumer app that will integrate artificial intelligence (AI) technology that is targeted to provide
performance and training insights to provide more value to our customers. 

Impairment
loss 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022, we incurred an impairment loss of 3,486,599 due to the full impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
for Foundation Sports. 

Transaction
costs 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022, we incurred transaction costs of 5,109,522 associated with completing the acquisitions of Gameface, PlaySight
and Foundation Sports. 

Other
expenses 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022, we recorded a gain on change in fair value of derivatives of 18,557,184, compared to 1,939,639 during
the year ended April 30, 2021. A gain on change in fair value of contingent consideration of 4,847,000 and 0 was recorded during the
years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, relating to the acquisition of PlaySight. Excluding the gains, during the years ended
April 30, 2022 and 2021, we had other expenses totaling 23,250,098 and 16,807,862, respectively. The increase in other expenses for
the year ended April 30, 2022 as compared to April 30, 2021 was primarily due amortization of discounts and losses incurred on extinguishment
of our convertible notes totaling net of decreases in interest expense from 2021 to 2022 due to changes in our long-term debt. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes we will be able to realize our assets and discharge
our liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. We had an accumulated deficit of 80,596,925 as of
April 30, 2022, and more losses are anticipated in the development of the business. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability
and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating profitable operations in the future and/or being able to obtain
the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due.
Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand, loans from related parties, and/or
private placement of debt and/or common stock. 

46 

The
following is a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended April 30, 2022 and
2021: 

For the Years Ended April 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 
 (11,463,464 
 (4,517,457 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 (1,618,341 
 (30,000 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities 
 13,734,286 
 5,420,000 

We
had cash and cash equivalents of 1,424,360 as of April 30, 2022, as compared to 928,796 as of April 30, 2021. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 11,463,464 during the year ended April 30, 2022, compared with 4,517,457 during the year ended
April 30, 2021. Our cash used in operating activities during the year ended April 30, 2022 was primarily the result of our net loss of
 51,773,652 for the year as well as increases in inventory, prepaid inventory, accounts receivable, and prepaid expenses, which was partially
offset by non-cash expenses of 38,363,555, and increases in accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued interest, and a decrease in
contract liabilities. Our net cash used in operating activities during the year ended April 30, 2021 was primarily the result of our
net loss of 18,594,760 during the year as well as increases in inventory and accounts receivable, which was partially offset by non-cash
expenses of 14,892,030 and increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses, as well as a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current
assets. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 1,618,341 for the year ended April, 30 2022, compared with net cash used in investing activities
of 30,000 for the for year ended April 30, 2021. Investing activities for the year ended April, 30 2022 related to cash acquired from
Gameface and PlaySight acquisitions, and a note receivable issuance, while investing activities for the year ended April 30, 2021 were
related to the purchase of the Slinger trademark. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 13,734,286 for the year ended April, 30 2022, compared with 5,420,000 for the year ended
April 30, 2021. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended April, 30 2022 consisted of proceeds of 7,500,000 from notes
payable and related party notes payable, 11,000,000 proceeds from convertible notes, offset by 3,965,463 in repayments of notes payable
and debt 800,251 of issuance costs on convertible notes. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended April 30, 2021, consisted
of proceeds of 3,300,000, from notes payable with a related party, proceeds of 3,120,000 from notes payable, and a repayment of notes
payable with a related party of 1,000,000. 

Description
of Indebtedness 

Notes
Payable - Related Party 

On
January 14, 2022, the Company entered into two loan agreements with Yonah Kalfa and Naftali Kalfa, each for 1,000,000, pursuant to which
we received a total amount of 2,000,000. The loans bear interest at a rate of 8 per annum, and we have agreed to repay the loans in
full by July 3, 2022, or such other date as may be accepted by the lenders. We are not permitted to make any distribution or pay any
dividends unless or until the loans are repaid in full. On June 28, 2022, the Company entered into amendments for the two related party
loan agreements with the lenders in which the repayment date was extended to July 31, 2024. 

There
were 2,000,000 and 6,220,000 in outstanding borrowings from the Company s related parties for the years ended April 30, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest due to related parties as of April 30, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 908,756 and 747,636, respectively. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement and Convertible Notes 

On
August 6, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of a private placement offering pursuant to the terms and conditions of that
certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2021 (the Purchase Agreement ), between the Company and
certain accredited investors. At closing, the Company sold (i) 8 Senior Convertible Notes in an aggregate principal amount of
 11,000,000 and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 7,333,334 shares of our common stock (the Noteholder Warrants ). The Company received an aggregate of
 11,000,000 in gross proceeds from this private placement, before deducting offering expenses and commissions. The 8 Senior
Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of common stock at any time following the date of issuance and prior to mandatory
conversion (as defined in the Notes) at the conversion price equal to the lesser of: (i) 30.00, subject to adjustment set forth in
the 8 Senior Convertible Notes and (ii) in the case of an uplist to the Nasdaq, the uplist conversion price (as defined in the 8 
Senior Convertible Notes) of our common stock. 

47 

The
Company used the net proceeds from this transaction for working capital purposes and to pay the outstanding principal amount and accrued
interest through August 6, 2021 of the 2,000,000 secured term promissory note dated April 15, 2021 that bore interest at the rate of
15 per annum to SB Invesco LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company. 

Spartan
Capital Securities, LLC served as placement agent for the private placement. 

The
convertible notes mature on August 6, 2022, and bear interest at 8 per annum payable on each conversion date (as to that principal amount
then being converted), on each redemption date as well as mandatory redemption date (as to that principal amount then being redeemed)
and on the maturity date, in cash. The notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time following the
date of issuance and prior to Mandatory Conversion (as defined in the convertible notes) at the conversion price equal to the lesser
of: (i) 30.00, subject to adjustment and (ii) in the case of an up-list to the Nasdaq, the up-list Conversion Price (as defined in the
convertible notes) of the Company s common stock during the two trading day period after each conversion date; provided ,
 however , that at any time from and after December 31, 2021 or upon an Event of Default (as defined in the convertible notes),
the holder had the right, by delivery of written notice to the Company, elect to cause all, or any part, of the notes to be converted,
at any time thereafter, all, or any part of, the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the convertible notes into shares of
common stock at the alternate conversion price. The convertible notes rank pari passu with all other notes now or thereafter issued
under the terms set forth in the convertible notes. The convertible notes contain certain price protection provisions providing for adjustment
of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion in case of certain future dilutive events or stock-splits and dividends,
including the reverse stock split we contemplating effectuation prior to or upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part. The notes issued in the August 6, 2021 private placement will automatically convert into shares of common
stock at a 20 discount to the public offering price upon the closing of the offering. 

The
warrants are exercisable for five years from August 6, 2021, at an exercise price equal to the lesser of 30.00 or a 20 discount to
the public offering price that a share of the Company s common stock or unit (if units are offered) is offered to the public resulting
in the commencement of trading of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq, New York Stock Exchange or NYSE American. Accordingly,
upon completion of this offering the exercise price of the warrants issued in the August 6, 2021 private placement will be reset to a
20 discount to the public offering price in accordance with the terms of the warrants. The warrants contain certain price protection
provisions providing for adjustment of the amount of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants in case of certain future dilutive
events or stock-splits and dividends, including the reverse stock split we contemplating effectuation prior to or upon the effectiveness
of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 

The
Company s obligations in this transaction are guaranteed by the Company s subsidiaries. The Company s obligations under
the convertible notes are jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by its subsidiaries. 

In
connection with this transaction, the Company agreed to register the shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the convertible
notes and the warrants for resale under the Securities Act. The Company filed registration statement with the SEC on September 8, 2021
and that registration statement was declared effective on January 27, 2022. However, additional sales of our common shares in the public
market after the date hereof could occur as convertible notes and warrants for resale were not fully registered by the resale registration
statement that we filed on September 8, 2021. If the public offering price of our common stock in this offering causes the conversion
price to be below approximately 15.00 per share at the time of the closing of this offering, additional conversion shares need to be
registered. The new registration statement will cover both the shares originally registered for resale and the new conversion shares. 

On
February 15, 2022, the Company entered into a consignment transaction with consideration of 4,000,000 in exchange for all of the Company s
right, title, and interest in and to 13,000 units of certain surplus inventory, including all components, parts, additions, and accessions
thereto (collectively, the Consigned Goods ). The Company also agreed to purchase the Consigned Goods from the consignor
and make certain payments to the consignor. As of April 30, 2022, the Company had repaid 965,463 resulting in a net balance of the convertible
note payable of 3,034,537. Accrued interest on the consignment note was 1,104,839 for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

Omnibus
Amendment to Purchase Agreement 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an Omnibus Amendment Agreement with certain convertible note holders who collectively held
67 or more of the convertible notes and warrants outstanding on August 6, 2021, amending the original purchase agreement and the Company s
registration obligations. Simultaneously with the execution of the Omnibus Amendment Agreement, the Company issued to each convertible
noteholder a replacement note in replacement of the convertible note held prior to December 31, 2021 by such noteholder. 

48 

The
original purchase agreement was amended to, among other things, (i) delete Exhibit A and replace it in its entirety with a replacement
8 Senior Convertible Note, (ii) add a new definition of Inventory Financing , (iii) amend Section 4.18 to add at the end
of Section 4.18 before the final period , it being agreed that the provisions of this Section 4.18 shall not apply to the Qualified
Subsequent Financing expected to occur after the date hereof , (iv) delete Section 4.20 and replace it in its entirety with substantially
the same text, including the following after the period, replacing the period with a semicolon: provided that the provisions
of this Section 4.20 shall not apply to (i) in respect of any Holder to the extent that such Holder is an investor or a purchaser of
the securities offered pursuant such Subsequent Financing, and (ii) with respect to an Inventory Financing. , and (v) add a new
section as follows: 4.21. Most-Favored Nation. So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, upon any issuance by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries of any new security, with any term that a majority of the holders of the outstanding Principal Amount of Notes,
reasonably believe is more favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that a majority
of the holders of the outstanding Principal Amount of Notes reasonably believe was not similarly provided to the Purchasers in the Notes,
the Warrant, or under this Agreement, then (i) the Company shall notify each Note holder of such additional or more favorable term within
one (1) business day of the issuance or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii) such term, at the option of a
majority of the holders of the outstanding Principal Amount of Notes, shall become a part of the Transaction Documents (regardless of
whether the Company complied with the notification provision of this Section). The types of terms contained in another security that
may be more favorable to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing conversion discounts, prepayment
rate, conversion lookback periods, interest rates, and original issue discounts. If a majority of the holders of the outstanding Principal
Amount of Notes elects to have the term become a part of the Transaction Documents, then the Company shall immediately deliver acknowledgment
of such adjustment to the Note holder (the Acknowledgment within one (1) business day of Company s receipt of request
from Investor (the Adjustment Deadline ), provided that Company s failure to timely provide the Acknowledgement shall
not affect the automatic amendments contemplated hereby. 

As
consideration for entering into the Omnibus Amendment Agreement, the outstanding principal balance of each convertible note holder was
increased by twenty percent (20 and such increased principal balance is reflected on the replacement note issued to each convertible
noteholder. 

After
giving effect to this increase in principal amount, total outstanding borrowings related to the convertible notes as of April 30, 2022
was 13,200,000, excluding any interest due on the convertible notes at such time. The outstanding amount is net of discounts of 2,872,222
for a net book value of 10,327,778 as of April 30, 2022. 

Note
Payable 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company entered into a 2,000,000 note payable. On August 6, 2021, the Company used the net proceeds from the issuance
of the convertible notes to pay 100 of the outstanding principal and accrued interest of this note. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries, Slinger Bag Americas Inc., SBA ), Slinger Bag Canada, Inc., SBC ),
Slinger Bag International (UK) Limited SB UK ), and Slinger Bag Ltd., SBL and, together with the Company,
SBA, SBC, SB UK, SBL the Borrower issued a 2,000,000 secured term promissory note that bears interest at the rate of
15 per annum (the Note to SB Invesco LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company (the Lender ). In connection
with the Note, the Borrower and Lender entered into the following agreements: 

(i) business
 loan and security agreement BLSA 
 
 (ii) intellectual
 property security agreement IPSA 
 
 (iii) stock
 pledge agreement SPA 
 
 (iv) intercreditor
 agreement ICA 
 
 (v) warrant
 purchase agreement WPA and 
 
 (vi) 2,200,000
 warrants to the Lender and Chessler Holdings, LLC to purchase shares of common stock of SBI
 Warrants and, collectively, the Loan Agreements ). 

On
April 1, 2022, we entered into a loan agreement with Midcity Capital Ltd. pursuant to which we received 500,000. The loan bears interest
at a rate of 8 per annum and is required to be repaid in full by July 1, 2022 or such other date as may be accepted by the lender. The
accrued interest associated with this note payable was 3,178 as of April 30, 2022. We are not permitted to make any distribution or
pay any dividends unless or until this loan is repaid in full. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds of the offering to repay
this loan. See Use of Proceeds. 

Future
amounts due as of April 30, 2022 are summarized as follows: 

Payments due by period 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 More than 5 years 
 
 Convertible notes payable 
 10,327,778 
 10,327,778 

Notes payable 
 3,534,537 
 3,534,537 

Notes payable - related party 
 2,000,000 
 
 2,000,000 

Total 
 15,862,315 
 13,862,315 
 2,000,000 

49 

BLSA 

Pursuant
to the BLSA, the Borrower granted to the Lender, as collateral security for the payment and performance of all of the obligations and
liabilities of any member of and all of the Borrower in favor of the Lender (the Obligations ), due or to become due, existing
or hereafter incurred, contracted or acquired, a first priority continuing security interest in all of the assets and personal property
of the Borrower and its business (the Collateral ). Such security interest is a first priority security interest in the
Collateral. 

Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the BLSA), the Lender may (i) at any time thereafter, in its discretion transfer
any securities or other property constituting Collateral into its own name or that of its nominee and receive the income thereon and
hold the same as security for all Obligations or apply it on any or all amounts due on the Obligations in such order as Lender may elect
in its sole discretion, (ii) enter the Borrower s premises and take control of its business and (iii) require each Borrower to
establish, at Borrower s expense, a lock box account with such bank acceptable to Lender, into which Borrower shall promptly deposit
and direct their account debtors to directly remit all payments on receivables and which such payments or deposits shall be the property
solely of the Lender. 

IPSA 

To
secure the prompt payment to the Lender of the Obligations of the Borrower, the Borrower pledged and granted to the Lender a continuing
security interest in and lien upon all of Borrower s right, title and interest in, to and under the following, whether presently
existing or hereafter created or acquired (collectively, the IP Collateral ): 

a.
trademarks and trademark licenses to which the Borrower is a party; 

b.
patents and patent licenses to which Borrower is a party; 

c.
copyrights and copyright licenses to which Borrower is a party; 

d.
intellectual property not covered by the foregoing; 

e.
rights to sue third parties for past, present or future infringement, dilution, misappropriation, or other violation of rights in any
intellectual property, including injury to the goodwill associated with any trademark, and all causes of action for the same; and 

f.
All proceeds of all or any of the foregoing, tort claims and all claims and other rights to payment including (i) insurance claims against
third parties for loss of, damage to, or destruction of, the foregoing IP Collateral and (ii) payments due or to become due under copyright
licenses, patent licenses or trademark licenses and proceeds payable under, or unearned premiums with respect to, policies of insurance
in whatever form regarding the foregoing Collateral. 

SPA 

Pursuant
to the SPA, SBI pledged, assigned and granted to the Lender and created a continuing first priority lien and security interest in favor
of the Lender in and to all of its right, title, and interest in and to the following, property (collectively, the Security Collateral to secure the due and prompt payment and performance of the Borrower s Obligations: 

(a) 100 of the shares in each of its subsidiaries SBA, SBC, SB UK and SBL; and 

(b) all
proceeds and products of the foregoing, all books and records relating to the foregoing, all supporting obligations related thereto,
and all accessions to, substitutions, and replacements for, and profits and products of, each of the foregoing, and any and all proceeds
of any insurance, indemnity, warranty, or guaranty payable to the Borrower from time to time with respect to any of the foregoing. 

The
Borrower also agreed, from time to time, as may be required by the Lender with respect to all Security Collateral, to take all actions
as may be requested by the Lender to perfect the security interest of the Lender in the Security Collateral and so that control of such
Security Collateral is obtained and at all times held by the Lender. 

The
Borrower further authorized the Lender at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any financing statements
and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction for the filing of
any financing statement or amendment relating to the Security Collateral, without the signature of the Borrower where permitted by law. 

50 

ICA 

Under
the ICA, until the obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of every nature of the Borrower from time to time owed to the Lender under
the Loan Agreements (the First Lien Obligations have been paid in full, any other creditor s security interest in
and lien on the Collateral to secure the payment and performance of their obligations were subordinated to the Lender s security
interests in and liens on the Collateral to secure the First Lien Obligations, regardless of the order or time of attachment, or the
order, time, or manner of perfection, or the order or time of filing or recordation of any document or instrument, or other method of
perfecting a lien. 

WPA 

Pursuant
to the WPA, SBI issued and sold to the Lender 2,000,000 warrants to purchase common stock of SBI and to Chessler Holdings, LLC 200,000
warrants to purchase common stock of SBI (together, the Warrants ). 

Warrants 

Each
Warrant permits its holder to purchase shares of SBI s common stock at an exercise price of 0.025 per share, subject to the option
to cashless exercise such warrants. 

Each
warrant has other customary terms found in like instruments, including, but not limited to, events of default. 

We
expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds, cash flows from operations
and further issuances of debt and/or securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of
our business. 

Existing
working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations
over the next twelve months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations
to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management
anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii) developmental
expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances
of securities and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term
operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders.
Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available
upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take
advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Effect
of Inflation and Changes in Prices 

We
do not believe that inflation and changes in prices will have a material effect on our operations. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
financial statements and supplementary financial information required by this Item 8 are set forth immediately below and are incorporated
herein by reference. 

51 

INDEX
TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID in respect of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID in respect of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity/Deficit for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc (the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash
flows for the year ended April 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of April 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended April 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2, the Company suffered an accumulated deficit of 80,596,925, net loss of 51,773,652 and a negative working capital of 26,160,426.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with
regards to these matters are also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. Communication of critical audit matters does not alter in
any way our opinion on the financial statements taken as a whole and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters, providing
separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Intangible
assets 

During
the year ended April 30, 2022, the company recognized Goodwill, Trade Name, Customers Relationship and Internally Generated Intangible
assets on the subsidiary PlaySight Interactive Ltd. PlaySight through a merger that was effectuated in the February 2022 

Furthermore,
As disclosed in Note 5. On February 2, 2022, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Flixsense Pty, Ltd. Gameface ).
As a result of the share purchase agreement, Gameface became a wholly owned subsidiary of Connexa Sports Technologies and recognized
goodwill and other intangible assets on the acquisition. In determination of the cost of the intangible assets, the method and rate of
the amortization; the management used significant judgement and estimate. 

The
primary procedures we performed include. 

We
reviewed and challenged the reasonableness of key management assumptions used for the estimate. 

We
reviewed the report of the independent valuation firm that perform the valuation of the intangible assets. 

We
assessed the suitability of the method used by the expert in valuation of the assets. 

We
performed data integrity check including accuracy of sample journal entries by checking them to approved supporting documents. 

Valuation
Related to Business Combination 

As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the company consummated several business combinations during the year ended
April 30, 2022, including Flixsense Pty, Ltd. Gameface and PlaySight Interactive Ltd. PlaySight 

We
identified the Audit of valuation related to those business combinations as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates
and assumptions management used. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required
a high degree of auditors judgement and an increase extent of efforts. 

The
primary procedures we performed includes. 

We
evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology and discount rate by testing the source information underlying the discount
rate and mathematical accuracy of the calculation and developing range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate
used by the management. 

We
obtained an understanding and evaluated the reasonableness of management process for developing the discounted cashflow. We evaluated
the reasonableness of management significant assumptions used in developing such discounted cashflow such as future projection of revenue
growth and profitability and estimating the working capital needs by testing the data used by management in its analysis to compare to
historical data. 

(Chartered
Accountants) 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

May
17, 2023 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Connexa
Sports Technologies Inc. (formally known as Slinger Bag Inc.) 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (formally known as Slinger Bag Inc.) as
of April 30, 2021, and the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders deficit, and cash
flows for the year in the period ended April 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Connexa Sports Technologies
Inc. (formally known as Slinger Bag Inc.) as of April 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year in
the period ended April 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (formally known as Slinger
Bag Inc.) in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Connexa
Sports Technologies Inc. (formally known as Slinger Bag Inc.) is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Inventory 

the
company developed, and now sells, a tennis ball launcher that is built into a bag (the Slinger Launcher ). The Company utilizes
manufacturing companies who deliver its Slinger Launchers to third party warehouses around the world to enable the Company to distribute
its product internationally. As discussed in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements the Company values their inventory at the
lower of cost (determined principally on a first-in first-out basis) or net realizable value. Due to the numerous warehouse locations,
inventory in transit, and the multiple components that go into the Slinger Launcher auditing the inventory balance was challenging and
required complex auditor judgment. 

In
order to audit the Company s inventory balance, we sent confirmations to third party warehouses after they completed their internal
inventory counts, reconciled and verified all inventory in transit amounts by reviewing third party support and shipping records, and
we ensured all values assigned to components and completed Slinger Launchers was accurate by reviewing source documents and invoices
from third party manufacturers. 

Complex
Debt and Equity Transactions 

During
the year under audit the Company entered into multiple debt and/or equity transactions and agreements that contained terms and provisions
that were uncommon in practice. Due to the unusual nature of the agreements, ensuring the accounting for the transactions were challenging,
subjective, and required complex auditor judgment, including detailed analysis and interpretation of accounting standards. 

In
order to audit these significant unusual transactions, we reviewed Company analysis and had to perform a significant amount of research
in order to gain comfort in the accounting for each. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

August
6, 2021 

F- 3 

CONNEXA SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

April 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid inventory 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, current portion 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Contract assets, net of current portion 

Finished products used in operations, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Related party purchase obligation payable 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest - related party 

Notes payable, net 

Notes payable - related party, net 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Derivative liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Contract liabilities, net of current portion 

Long-term portion of notes payable - related party, net 

Notes payable, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders equity (deficit): 

Common stock - par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares issuable as of April 30, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity (deficit) 

F- 4 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended April 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development costs 

Impairment loss 

Transaction costs 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense (income): 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on issuance of convertible notes 

Gain on change in fair value of derivatives 

Gain on change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Interest expense - related party 

Interest expense, net 

Total other (income) expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive gain (loss), net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total other comprehensive gain (loss), net of tax 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weight average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income/(loss) 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 other 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income/(loss) 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, April 30, 2020 

Shares issued related to note payable 

Warrants issued related to notes payable - related party 

Shares issued in connection with conversion of notes payable 

Shares issued for conversion of convertible debt 

Shares issued in connection with purchase of trademark 

Warrants issued in connection with purchase of trademark 

Shares issued in connection with services 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation 

Net loss 

Balance, April 30, 2021 

Balance 

Shares issued for conversion of notes payable - related party 

Elimination of related party derivative liabilities 

Shares issued for conversion of common shares issuable 

Shares issued in connection with Foundation acquisition 

Shares issued for conversion of warrants 

Shares and warrants issued in connection with services 

Shares issuable in connection with Gameface acquisition 

Shares issuable in connection with PlaySight acquisition 

Shares issuable in connection with acquisition 

Share-based compensation 

Foreign currency translation 

Net loss 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended April 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Gain on change in fair value of derivatives 

Shares and warrants issued in connection with services 

Share-based compensation 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Gain on change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Non-cash interest expense 

Non-cash transaction costs 

Impairment loss 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on issuance of convertible notes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid inventory 

Contract assets 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Related party purchase obligation - Gameface 

Other current liabilities 

Accrued interest, net 

Accrued interest - related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of trademark 

Cash acquired as part of Gameface acquisition 

Cash acquired as part of PlaySight acquisition 

Cash acquired from acquisition 

Note receivable issuance 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes - related party 

Proceeds from note payable 

Repayments of notes related party 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Debt issuance costs from convertible notes 

Repayment of note payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Balances included in the consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Transfer of convertible note payable to note payable 

Transfer of notes payable to notes payable related party 

Shares and warrants issued in connection with purchase of trademark 

Conversion of notes payable and accrued interest into common stock 

Warrants and shares issued with note payable 

Shares issued for conversion of notes payable related party 

Shares issued in connection with Foundation acquisition 

Shares issuable in connection with Gameface acquisition 

Shares issuable in connection with PlaySight acquisition 

Shares issuable in connection with acquisition 

Elimination of related party derivative liabilities 

Derivative liabilities recorded as debt discounts of convertible notes 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

owned by Slinger Bag Ltd. SBL ), an Israeli company. In connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement, Slinger
Bag Americas acquired shares of common stock of Lazex for . On September 16, 2019, SBL transferred its ownership of
Slinger Bag Americas to Lazex in exchange for the shares of Lazex acquired on August 23, 2019. As a result of these transactions,
Lazex owned of Slinger Bag Americas and the sole shareholder of SBL owned shares of common stock (approximately of
Lazex. Effective September 13, 2019, Lazex changed its name to Slinger Bag Inc. 

On
October 31, 2019, Slinger Bag Americas acquired control of Slinger Bag Canada, Inc., Slinger Bag Canada a Canadian company
incorporated on November 3, 2017. There were no assets, liabilities or historical operational activity of Slinger Bag Canada. 

On
February 10, 2020, Slinger Bag Americas became the owner of SBL, along with SBL s wholly owned subsidiary Slinger Bag International
(UK) Limited Slinger Bag UK ), which was formed on April 3, 2019. On February 10, 2020, the owner of SBL, contributed Slinger
Bag UK to Slinger Bag Americas for no consideration. 

On
June 21, 2021, Slinger Bag Americas entered into a membership interest purchase agreement with Charles Ruddy to acquire a ownership
stake in Foundation Sports Systems, LLC Foundation Sports ). On December 5, 2022, the Company sold of Foundation Sports
back to the original sellers. As a result, at that time, the Company recorded a loss on the sale and deconsolidated Foundation Sports.
(refer to Note 5 and Note 18). During the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company impaired certain intangible assets and goodwill in the
amount of . 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Flixsense Pty, Ltd. Gameface ). As a result
of the share purchase agreement, Gameface would become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (refer to Note 5). 

On
February 22, 2022, the Company entered into a merger agreement with PlaySight Interactive Ltd. PlaySight and Rohit Krishnan
(the Shareholders Representative ). As a result of the merger agreement, PlaySight would become a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company (refer to Note 5). In November 2022, the Company sold PlaySight and recorded a loss on the sale. See Note 18 for further
details on the sale of PlaySight. 

In
April 2022, the Company changed its domicile from Nevada to Delaware. On April 7, 2022, the Company effected a name change to Connexa
Sports Technologies Inc. We also changed our ticker symbol, CNXA . Connexa is now the holding company under which Slinger
Bag, PlaySight, Gameface and Foundation Sports reside. 

The
operations of Slinger Bag Inc., Slinger Bag Americas, Slinger Bag Canada, Slinger Bag UK, SBL, Foundation Sports and Gameface are collectively
referred to as the Company. 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split, where the Company s common stock began to trade on a reverse
split adjusted basis. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split and all such fractional interests were
rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares of common stock. All references herein to the outstanding stock have been retrospectively
adjusted to reflect this reverse split. The Company also consummated a public offering of shares of its common stock and the listing
of its common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The Company operates in the sport equipment and technology
business. The Company is the owner of the Slinger Launcher, which is a portable tennis ball launcher as well as other associated tennis
accessories and Gameface AI an Australian artificial intelligence sports software company. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America GAAP ). As a result of the transactions described above, the accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the combined results of Slinger Bag Inc., Slinger Bag Americas, Slinger Bag Canada, Slinger Bag UK, SBL,
PlaySight, Foundation Sports, and Gameface for the years ended April, 30 2022 and 2021. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company reports Gameface on a one-month calendar lag allowing for the timely preparation of financial statements. Gameface operates on
fiscal year end periods as of December 31. For the period ended April 30, 2022, the Company reported both Gameface as of the first quarter
ended March 31, 2022. As the Company acquired Gameface on February 2, 2022, only the financial data from the acquisition date through
March 31, 2022 are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. This one-month reporting lag is with the exception
of significant transactions or events that occur during the intervening period. The Company did not identify any significant transactions
during the one month ended April 30, 2022 at Gameface that would need to be disclosed as not included within the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
Company has been carefully monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on its business. In that regard, while the Company has continued
to sell its products and grow its business it did experience certain disruptions in its supply chains. The Company expects the significance
of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the extent of its effect on the Company s financial and operational results, to be dictated
by, among other things, its duration, the success of efforts to contain it and the impact of actions taken in response. While the Company
has not experienced any material disruptions to its business and operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is possible such
disruptions may occur in the future which may impact its financial and operational results, and which could be material. 

Impact
of Russian and Ukrainian Conflict 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. We are closely monitoring
the unfolding events due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict and its regional and global ramifications. We have one distributor in Russia,
which is not material to our overall financial results. We do not have operations in Ukraine or Belarus. We are monitoring any broader
economic impact from the current crisis. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. However, to the extent that such military action spreads
to other countries, intensifies, or otherwise remains active, such action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

as
of April 30, 2022, and more losses are anticipated in the development of the business. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or being able
to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they
become due. Management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months with existing cash on hand, loans from related
parties, and/or private placement of debt and/or common stock. In respect to additional financing, refer to Note 9, Note 10, Note 11,
and Note 18. In the event that the Company is unable to successfully raise capital and/or generate revenues, the Company will likely
reduce general and administrative expenses, and cease or delay its development plan until it is able to obtain sufficient financing.
The Company has begun reducing operating expenses and cash outflows by discontinuing operations of PlaySight, as well as selling 
of Foundation Sports. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in restricted cash from PlaySight. 

in allowance for doubtful accounts for the year ended April 30, 2022. The Company did t record an allowance
for doubtful accounts for the year ended April 30, 2021. 

Component/Replacement Parts 

Capitalized Duty/Freight 

Inventory Reserve 

Total 

years. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Additionally,
uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the
acquisition date. We continue to collect information and reevaluate these estimates and assumptions periodically and record any adjustments
to preliminary estimates to goodwill, provided we are within the measurement period. If outside of the measurement period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to the consolidated statement of operations. 

. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of its intangible assets using Level 3 assumptions, primarily based on the income approach utilizing
the discounted cash flow method. 

4/15/21 note payable 

5/26/21 conversion of notes payable related party 

8/6/21 convertible notes 

Total 

- years 
 - years 
 
 Stock price volatility 
 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Refer
to Note 10 and Note 11 for more information regarding the derivative instruments. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years. Amortization expense for the year ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 was 296,350 and , respectively.
The Company also acquired intangible assets as a part of the Gameface acquisition. These intangible assets include tradenames, internally
developed software, and customer relationships. The acquired intangible assets are amortized based on the estimated present value of
cash flows of each class of intangible assets in order to determine their economic useful life. The acquired tradenames, internally developed
software, and customer relationships are amortized over their expected economic useful lives of , , and , years respectively. Amortization
expense for the acquired tradenames, internally developed software, and customer relationships for the year ended April 30, 2022 was
 , , and , respectively. Refer to Note 7 for more information. 

. There was impairment of long-lived assets identified during the
year ended April 30, 2021. 

. There was impairment of goodwill as of April 30, 2021. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years 
 years 
 
 Stock price volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

and common shares issuable as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, (see Note 9 and Note 10) which were
not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share as the effect is antidilutive. The Company also had outstanding notes payable
convertible into shares of common stock as of April 30, 2022. notes payable were convertible into common stock during the
year ended April 30, 2021 (see Note 10), outstanding warrants exercisable into and shares of common stock as of April
30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and and shares related to make-whole provisions as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
(see Note 11), which were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as the effect is antidilutive. As a result, the
basic and diluted earnings per share are the same for each of the periods presented. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounting
Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU ), 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ,
which amends ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). This update is intended to simplify accounting for income taxes by removing certain
exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740 and amending existing guidance to improve consistent application of ASC 740. This update
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. The guidance in this update has various elements, some of which are
applied on a prospective basis and others on a retrospective basis with earlier application permitted. The Company has not yet adopted
this update and is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own
Equity. ASU 2020-06 will simplify the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models for convertible
debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being
separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation
models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition
of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and(2) convertible debt instruments issued
with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 also amends the guidance for the derivatives
scope exception for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. ASU 2020-06
will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2020-06 will have on the Company s
consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments ASC 326 ). The guidance replaces the incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred
to as the current expected credit loss CECL methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology
is applicable to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. It also
applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credits, financial
guarantees, and other similar instruments) and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor in accordance with Topic 842 on leases.
ASC 326 requires enhanced disclosures related to the significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses as well as
the credit quality and underwriting standards of a company s portfolio. In addition, ASC 326 made changes to the accounting for
available-for-sale debt securities. One such change is to require credit losses to be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down
on available-for-sale debt securities the Company does not intend to sell or believes that it is more likely than not they will be required
to sell. The ASU can be adopted no later than January 1, 2020 for SEC filers and January 1, 2023 for private companies and smaller reporting
companies. The Company has not yet adopted this ASU as it qualifies as a smaller reporting company. The Company does not expect this
ASU will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations - Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities (Topic
805) . The amendments in this Update address diversity and inconsistency related to the recognition and measurement of contract
assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination. The amendments in this Update require that an acquirer recognize
and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

The
FASB has issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). ASU 2021-04 provides
guidance that an entity should treat a modification of the terms or conditions or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written
call option that remains equity classified after modification or exchange as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument.
The standard also provides guidance on how an entity should measure and recognize the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding
equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted for all entities, including adoption in an interim period. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2021-04 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statement
presentation or disclosures. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other
recently issued accounting pronouncements did not, or are not believed by management to, have a material effect on the Company s
present or future consolidated financial statements. 

,
 ,
 ,
and 
of the Company s revenues, respectively. For the year ended April 30, 2021 the Company had one customer that accounted for 
of revenue. 

Accounts
Receivable Concentration 

For
the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company had two customers that accounted for and of the Company s trade receivables
balance, respectively. For the year ended April 30, 2021 the Company had four customers that accounted for , , , and
 of the Company s trade receivables balance, respectively. 

Purchases
Concentration 

For
the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company had three suppliers that accounted for , , and of the Company s purchases
balance, respectively. For the year ended April 30, 2021 the Company had three suppliers that accounted for , , and 
of the Company s purchases balance, respectively. 

Accounts
Payable Concentration 

As
of April 30, 2022, the Company had four significant suppliers that accounted for , , , and of the Company s
trade payables balances, respectively. As of April 30, 2021, the Company had three significant suppliers that accounted for , 
and of trade payables, respectively. 

of the Shares of each tranche will be held back by the Company and not delivered to the recipients for a period of
12 months from the date of their issuance. The Shares are subject to a 12-month lock-up from their date of delivery during which time
they may not be offered or sold by the Seller or any other recipient thereof without the express written consent of the Company. On June
23, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to the receipts under the MIPA, which consisted of 60,000 shares less
a hold-back of (i.e., shares). 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company accounted for the transaction as a business combination and elected to apply pushdown accounting to the entity. The Company allocated
the aggregate purchase price for the acquisition based upon the tangible and intangible assets acquired, as the Company did not acquire
any liabilities in this acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price is detailed below: 

Total Purchase Price 

Description 
 Fair Value 
 
 Assets acquired: 

Trade name 

Internally developed software 

Customer relationships 

Total assets acquired 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

The
amounts allocated for internally developed software, customer relationships, and the goodwill were updated since the Company s
third quarter filing upon further review of the fair value of the intangible assets. The fair value of internally developed software
and customer relationships decreased by and , respectively, resulting in an increase of in the fair value
of goodwill. There was no change in the total purchase price. 

As
a result of the change in fair value of the intangible assets, the amortization expense of the intangible assets acquired from Foundation
Sports decreased by . (Refer to Note 18 related to the disposition of of this business in December 2022). The Company impaired
all of the remaining intangible assets and goodwill on April 30, 2022 as market conditions changed from June 2021 through April 30, 2022
and the Company determined that there was no fair value associated with these assets that should be recognized as of April 30, 2022. 

Gameface
Ltd. 

warrants of the Company, and 500,000 in cash in lieu of 14,259 shares of common
stock of the Company. Additionally, the Company recorded contingent consideration with a fair value of related to the earn
out shares of common stock. Financial results of Gameface are allocated to the Company s technology segment . 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company accounted for the transaction as a business combination and elected to apply pushdown accounting to the entity. The Company allocated
the aggregate purchase price for the acquisition based upon the tangible and intangible assets acquired, net of liabilities. The allocation
of the purchase price is detailed below: 

Seller note payable 

Seller s liability assumed 

Total Purchase Price 

Description 
 Fair Value 
 
 Assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other receivables 

Property, plant and equipment 

Other non-current assets 

Intangible asset - Tradename 

Intangible asset - Internally developed software 

Intangible asset - Customer relationships 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities 

Provisions 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

PlaySight
Interactive Ltd. 

per share, and expire 
years from issuance. The Company also agreed to earn-out consideration of up to shares of common stock of the Company. Additionally,
the Company recorded contingent consideration with a fair value of related to the earn out shares of common stock . 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company accounted for the transaction as a business combination and elected to apply pushdown accounting to the entity. The Company allocated
the aggregate purchase price for the acquisition based upon the tangible and intangible assets acquired, net of liabilities. The allocation
of the purchase price is detailed below: 

Seller s note 

Equity consideration 

Total 

Description 
 Fair Value 
 
 Assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventories, net 

Contract assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Contract assets, net of current portion 

Finished products used in operations, net 

Intangible asset - Tradename 

Intangible asset - Internally developed software 

Intangible asset - Customer relationships 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Contract liabilities, net of current portion 

Notes payable, net 

Total liabilities assumed 

Fair value of net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
balances comprise of synergies recognized from combining operations and brand recognition. Total transaction costs for the three acquisitions
were and are included in the Transaction costs line of the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. 

During
November 2022, the Company made the decision to dispose of these operations. See Note 18 related to the disposition of this business
in November 2022. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pro
Forma Results 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share 

PlaySight acquisition (Note 5) 

Foundation Sports acquisition (Note 5) 

Goodwill, acquired during period 

Less impairment 

Balance as of April 30, 2022 

Ending balance 

Impairment
of Goodwill 

Year
ended April 30, 2022 

The
Company has assessed the indicators of impairment and concluded on the below for the respective reporting units: 

Equipment 

No
goodwill was assigned to the Equipment segment as of April 30, 2022 . Therefore, further analysis is not required for the
Equipment reporting unit. 

Technology 

PlaySight,
Gameface, and Foundation Sports were all assigned to the Technology segment as of April 30, 2022. The Company determined in April 2022
that the fair value of Foundation Sports was less than the carrying value of the net assets assigned to this entity and therefore goodwill
related to Foundation Sports was fully impaired as of April 30, 2022. Impairment loss relating to Foundation Sports was . 

Customer relationships 

Internally developed software 

Total intangible assets 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Weighted Average Amortization 
 April 30, 2021 

Period (in years) 
 Carrying Value 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Value 
 
 Tradenames 

Total intangible assets 

Amortization
expense for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

Intangible
assets for Foundation Sports have been fully impaired as of April 30, 2022. This resulted in an impairment loss of . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

On
November 10, 2020, the Company entered into a Trademark Assignment Agreement to acquire the Slinger trademark for 
in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock
at an exercise price of per share. The warrants vested immediately and have a contractual life of . 

The
common stock was valued at the closing stock price on November 10, 2020 and the warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model, for a fair value of and , respectively. 

The
purchase price of the trademark was determined to be . 

Accrued bonus 

Accrued professional fees 

Goods received not invoiced 

Accrued sales taxes 

Other accrued expenses 

Total 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, which was gross
of total discounts of and consisted of the following: 

Total notes payable to related parties 

On
May 26, 2021, the Company and the related party lender entered into a note conversion agreement (the Note Conversion Agreement whereby the related party lender agreed to convert its total outstanding borrowings as of that date of into shares
of the Company s common stock. The Note Conversion Agreement contains a guarantee that the aggregate gross sales of the shares
by the related party will be no less than over the next three years and if the aggregate gross sales are less than 
the Company will issue additional shares of common stock to the related party for the difference between the total gross proceeds and
 , which could result in an infinite number of shares being required to be issued. 

The
Company evaluated the conversion option of the notes payable to shares under the guidance in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC
815 ), and determined the conversion option qualified for equity classification. The Company also evaluated the profit guarantee
under ASC 815 and determined it to be a make-whole provision, which is an embedded derivative within the host instrument. As the economic
characteristics of the make-whole provision are dissimilar to the host instrument, the profit guarantee was bifurcated from the host
instrument and stated as a separate derivative liability, which is marked to market at the end of each reporting period with the non-cash
gain or loss recorded in the period as a gain or loss on derivative. 

On
the date of conversion the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt, which represented the difference between the
 in notes payable that were converted and the fair value of the shares issued of , which were recorded in shares
issued for conversion of notes payable related party within shareholders equity, the derivative liability of ,
which was valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the write-off of the unamortized debt discount of . Amortization
of the debt discounts during the three months ended July 31, 2021, prior to the notes conversion, was , which was recorded
in amortization of debt discounts in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. 

Per
the terms of the Note Conversion Agreement the accrued interest related to the notes payable was not converted into shares and is still
due to the related party. The Company and the related party agreed that interest will be paid when separately agreed between the related
party and the Company. On January 5, 2023, the Company and the related party entered into a forbearance agreement pursuant to which the
Company has until December 30, 2023 to pay the outstanding balance of such interest, which is . 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with its related party lender for borrowings of . The loan is to be
repaid within 30 days of receipt and shall bear interest at a rate of per annum. 

On
August 4, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with its related party lender for borrowings of . The loan is to be
repaid within 30 days of receipt and shall bear interest at a rate of per annum. 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company repaid the outstanding principal and interest to its related party lender for the July 23, 2021 loan of
 and the August 4, 2021 loan of . 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company s related party lender cancelled the guarantee in the Note Conversion Agreement that the aggregate
gross sales of its converted shares will be no less than . In connection with the elimination of the profit guarantee the derivative
liability ceased to exist at that time. On August 31, 2021, the fair value of the derivative liability was remeasured using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model and determined to be . The change in fair value of the derivative through August 31, 2021, was recognized
as a gain on change in fair value of derivatives of for the year ended April 30, 2022, and the remaining value of the derivative
of was reclassified to additional paid-in capital as part of shareholders equity during the three months ended October
31, 2021 due to the related party nature of the transaction. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
January 14, 2022, the Company entered into two loan agreements with related party lenders, each for , pursuant to which the
Company received a total amount of . The loans bear interest at a rate of per annum and are required to be repaid in full
by April 30, 2022 or such other date as may be accepted by the lenders. The Company is not permitted to make any distribution or pay
any dividends unless or until the loans are repaid in full. On June 28, 2022, the Company entered into amendments for the two related
party loan agreements with the lenders in which the repayment date was extended to July 31, 2024. As this amendment occurred after the
reporting date of April 30, 2022, but before the issuance of the consolidated financial statements, this balance was reclassified to
long-term liabilities. 

There
was in outstanding borrowings from related parties as of April 30, 2022. Interest expense related to the related parties for
the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. Accrued interest due to related parties as of
April 30, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

bearing interest at a rate of per annum. . The Company may repay up to of the outstanding balance on the loan prior to the maturity
date at their discretion. The outstanding principal and accrued interest are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock
at any time at the option of the debtholder at a conversion price equal to of the lowest closing price of the common stock as defined
in the agreement. 

The
convertible note payable agreement, as amended on September 11, 2019, also provided Mont-Saic with a warrant giving them the right to
acquire of the outstanding shares of SBL on a fully-diluted basis for no consideration up through one year after the maturity date.
On September 16, 2019, Mont-Saic and Slinger Bag Inc. entered into a warrant assignment and conveyance agreement which updated Mont-Saic s
right to acquire of the outstanding common stock shares of SBL to Slinger Bag Inc. The allocated value of the warrant of 
was recorded as a discount to the outstanding note balance. On May 6, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock as partial
satisfaction of the shares issuable. 

On
June 1, 2020, the Company and Mont-Saic entered into an amendment to the convertible note payable agreement to eliminate the conversion
right contained in the original agreement and extend the maturity date to June 1, 2021. 

The
Company evaluated the conversion option under the guidance in ASC 815-10, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined it to have characteristics
of a derivative liability. Under this guidance, this derivative liability is marked-to-market at each reporting period with the non-cash
gain or loss recorded in the period as a gain or loss on derivatives. The value of the conversion option derivative amounted to 
as of the issuance date on September 11, 2019, which was recorded as a discount to the outstanding note balance less representing
the amount of the conversion option exceeding the face value of the note payable which was recorded immediately as interest expense,
and a derivative liability. On June 1, 2020, in connection with the elimination of the conversion option, this derivative ceased to exist
and the value of the derivative of was recognized as a loss on extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statements of comprehensive
loss for the year ended April 30, 2021. 

The
combined discount relating to the warrant and conversion option were amortized over the term of the agreement. Amortization of debt discounts
during the year ended April 30, 2020 amounted to , and were recorded as amortization of debt discount in the accompanying consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss. The remaining was amortized during the year ended April 30, 2021. 

On
December 3, 2020, Mont-Saic entered into an Assignment and Conveyance Agreement with the Company s exiting related party lender
wherein Mont-Saic sold its full right, title and interest in its outstanding notes payable amounting to , which consisted of
the note payable and the note payable (see Note 9), to the Company s related party lender, along with the 
shares of common stock previously issued to Mont-Saic in connection with the debt agreement and the rights to receive the remaining 
shares issuable (see Note 5). 

On
February 11, 2020, the Company entered into a convertible note payable agreement for borrowings of bearing interest at per
annum. All outstanding borrowings and accrued interest were due on . The outstanding principal and accrued interest
are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time at the option of the debtholder at a conversion price equal
to of the lowest closing price of the common stock as defined in the agreement. 

On
September 4, 2020, the Company and the convertible debtholder entered into an agreement to convert the outstanding convertible note payable
balance of and accrued interest of into shares of the Company s common stock. Under the guidance in ASC
470-20-40-16, the Company recognized an expense at the conversion date equal to the fair value of the shares transferred after the change
in terms, less the fair value of securities issuable under the original conversion terms. The excess in value, which amounted to 
was recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss during the year ended April 30, 2021. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

At
the time of the conversion, the remaining debt discount was fully amortized and the derivative liability amount of was reclassified
as additional paid-in capital as part of shareholders equity. Amortization of debt discounts during the year ended April 30, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively, and was recorded as amortization of debt discount in the accompanying consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss. The unamortized discount balance amounted to and as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
August 6, 2021, the Company consummated the closing (the Closing of a private placement offering (the Offering pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2021 (the Purchase Agreement ),
between the Company and certain accredited investors (the Purchasers ). At the Closing, the Company sold to the Purchasers
(i) Senior Convertible Notes (the Convertible Notes in an aggregate principal amount of and (ii) warrants
to purchase up to shares of common stock of the Company (the Warrants and together with the Convertible Notes,
the Securities ). The Company received an aggregate of in gross proceeds from the Offering, before deducting
offering expenses and commissions. 

The
Convertible Notes mature on (the Maturity Date and bear interest at per annum payable on each conversion
date (as to that principal amount then being converted), on each redemption date as well as mandatory redemption date (as to that principal
amount then being redeemed) and on the Maturity Date, in cash. The Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at any time following the date of issuance and prior to Mandatory Conversion (as defined in the Convertible Notes) at the
conversion price equal to the lesser of: (i) , subject to adjustment set forth in the Convertible Notes and (ii) in the case of
an uplist to the NASDAQ, the Uplist Conversion Price (as defined in the Convertible Notes) of the Company s common stock during
the two Trading Day (as defined in the Convertible Notes) period after each conversion date; provided, however, that at any time from
and after December 31, 2021 or an Event of Default (as defined in the Convertible Notes), the holder of the Convertible Notes may, by
delivery of written notice to the Company, elect to cause all, or any part, of the Convertible Notes to be converted, at any time thereafter,
each an Alternate Conversion , pursuant to the Section 4(f) of the Convertible Notes, all, or any part of, the then outstanding
aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes into shares of Common Stock at the Alternate Conversion price. The Convertible Notes
rank pari passu with all other notes now or thereafter issued under the terms set forth in the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes
contain certain price protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the Convertible Notes in case of certain future dilutive events or stock-splits and dividends. 

The
Warrants are exercisable for from , at an exercise price equal to the lesser of or a 20 discount to the
public offering price that a share of the Company s common stock or unit (if units are offered) is offered to the public resulting
in the commencement of trading of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ, New York Stock Exchange or NYSE American. The Warrants
contain certain price protection provisions providing for adjustment of the amount of securities issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
in case of certain future dilutive events or stock-splits and dividends. 

The
Company evaluated the Warrants and the conversion options under the guidance in ASC 815 and determined they represent derivative liabilities
given the variability in the exercise and conversion prices upon the event of an up list to the NASDAQ. The Company also evaluated the
other embedded features in the agreement and determined the interest make-whole provision and the subsequent financing redemption represent
put features that are also accounted for as derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities are marked to market at the end of each
reporting period with the non-cash gain or loss recorded in the period as a gain or loss on derivative (see Note 3). 

The
Warrants were valued at on the date of issuance using a Monte Carlo simulation that accounted for the variability in the
exercise price upon the event of an up list based on the Company s expected future stock prices over the five -year term using inputs
in line with those listed in Note 3. The remaining derivatives were valued at on the issuance date based on the present value
of their weighted average probability value. 

As
part of the issuance of the Convertible Notes, the Company incurred and capitalized debt issuance costs of related to brokerage
and legal fees that met the debt issuance cost capitalization criteria of ASC 835. The total discount related to the Convertible Notes
on the date of issuance of exceeded their value, which resulted in the Company recognizing a loss on the issuance
of the Convertible Notes during the three months ended October 31, 2021. The discount on the Convertible Notes will be amortized through
the maturity date on a straight-line basis. Amortization of the debt discount for the year ended April 30, 2022 was , which
was recorded in amortization of debt discounts in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. The unamortized discount
balance amounted to as of April 30, 2022. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. 

The
Purchase Agreement was amended to, among other things, (i) delete Exhibit A and replace it in its entirety with the 8 Senior Convertible
Note (the Replacement Note filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2021,
(ii) add a new definition of Inventory Financing , (iii) amend Section 4.18 to add at the end of Section 4.18 before the
final period , it being agreed that the provisions of this Section 4.18 shall not apply to the Qualified Subsequent Financing
expected to occur after the date hereof , (iv) delete Section 4.20 and replace it in its entirety with substantially the same text,
including the following after the period, replacing the period with a semicolon: provided that the provisions of this Section
4.20 shall not apply to (i) in respect of any Holder to the extent that such Holder is an investor or a purchaser of the securities offered
pursuant such Subsequent Financing, and (ii) with respect to an Inventory Financing. , and (v) add a new Section 4.21. Most-Favored
Nation provision. 

The
Registration Rights Agreement was amended to, among other things, (i) delete the definition Effectiveness Date in Section
1 and replace it in its entirety with substantially the same text but revise the definition of Effectiveness Date causing
the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed by January 31, 2022, and (ii) delete Section 2(d) and replace it in its entirety
with substantially the same text but revised to delete the following (2) no liquidated damages shall accrue or be payable hereunder
with respect to any day on which the high price of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or
traded is less than the then-applicable Conversion Price, resulting in renumbering the text that follows as (2) instead of (3). 

As
consideration for entering into the Omnibus Agreement, the outstanding principal balance of the Existing Note held by each Purchaser
was increased by twenty percent and such increased principal balance is reflected on the Replacement Note issued to each Purchaser.
The Company recognized a loss on issuance of convertible notes during the year ended April 30, 2022 related to this amendment. 

The
fair value of the derivative liability related to the Convertible Notes was as of April 30, 2022, and the Company recognized
a gain on change in fair value of for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

Total
outstanding borrowings related to the Convertible Notes as of April 30, 2022 were . The outstanding amount is net of total
discounts of for a net book value of as of April 30, 2022. Interest expense related to the Convertible Notes for
the year ended April 30, 2022 was . 

bearing interest at per
annum. Interest on the note is payable monthly and outstanding principal on the note was due in full on . In connection
with the promissory note payable on March 16, 2020, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock at an exercise price equal to a discount of the market price of the Company s stock, as defined in the agreement. The
warrants expired on March 16, 2022 and were fully vested upon issuance. The note was discounted by based on an allocation of
the value of the warrants issued. The discount recorded on the note was amortized into amortization of debt discount through the maturity
date, which amounted to for the year ended April 30, 2021. 

On
December 15, 2020, the debt holder agreed to convert the outstanding note payable of into shares of the Company s
common stock as full settlement of the promissory note payable. Accrued interest on the note was paid in cash. As a result of this settlement,
the Company recognized the unamortized debt discount of as a loss on extinguishment of debt on the consolidated statements of
comprehensive loss during the year ended April 30, 2021. 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Mont-Saic to borrow . This loan bears interest at an annual rate
of and was required to be repaid in full, together with all accrued, but unpaid, interest by June 30, 2021. On December 3, 2020,
Mont-Saic entered into an Assignment and Conveyance Agreement with the Company s exiting related party lender wherein Mont-Saic
sold its full right, title and interest in this note to the Company s related party lender (see Note 9). 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
December 24, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note with a third-party to borrow . The promissory note bore interest
at and was due February 8, 2021. On February 2, 2021, the Company and the third-party entered into an amendment to extend the promissory
note to April 30, 2021. 

On
April 11, 2021, the Company and the lender entered into an agreement whereby the lender converted the promissory note into shares
of Company stock, which were issued to the lender at a discount from the closing price of the stock on the day prior to the conversion.
In addition to the discount, the agreement contains a guarantee that the aggregate gross sales of the shares by the lender will be no
less than over the next three years and if the aggregate gross sales are less than the Company will issue additional
shares of common stock to the lender for the difference between the total gross proceeds and , which could result in an infinite
number of shares being required to be issued. 

The
Company evaluated the conversion option of the note payable to shares under the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging, and
determined the conversion option qualified for equity classification. The Company also evaluated the profit guarantee under ASC 815,
Derivatives and Hedging, and determined it to be a make-whole provision, which is an embedded derivative within the host instrument.
As the economic characteristics are dissimilar to the host instrument, the profit guarantee was bifurcated from the host instrument and
stated as a separate derivative liability, which is marked to market at the end of each reporting period with the non-cash gain or loss
recorded in the period as a gain or loss on derivative. 

On
the date of conversion, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt, which represented the difference between
the promissory note and the fair value of the shares issued of , which were recorded in shares issued in connection with conversion
of note payable within shareholders equity, as well as the derivative liability of , which was valued using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model. 

The
fair value of the derivative liability was as of April 30, 2022, and the Company recognized a gain on change in fair value
of for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Company entered into a note payable (the Note ). The Note matures and bears
interest at fifteen percent per year. The Company pays interest at maturity, at which time all principal and unpaid interest is
due. 

The
Note is collateralized by all business assets, including patents, trademarks and other intellectual property. It is also collateralized
by the ownership of Slinger Bag Americas, Slinger Bag Canada, Slinger Bag Limited, and Slinger Bag International (UK) Limited. 

In
connection with the Note, the Company issued warrants with an exercise price of . . 

The
Company evaluated the warrants and the profit guarantee under the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging and determined they
represent a derivative liability given the profit guarantee represents a make-whole provision that is not separated from the host instrument.
The derivative liability is marked to market at the end of each reporting period with the non-cash gain or loss recorded in the period
as a gain or loss on derivative (see Note 3). 

The
fair value of the derivative liability on the date of the execution of the Note was valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model
at , which was first allocated as a discount to the Note payable of 2,000,0000 , which will be amortized using the effective
interest method over the remaining term of the Note, with the remainder of the value of recorded as interest expense. 

On
August 6, 2021, the Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes (see Note 10) to pay 100 of the outstanding
principal and accrued interest of the Note. 

Amortization
of the debt discount related to the Note during the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, which
was recorded in amortization of debt discounts in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. On the date the Note
was paid off the unamortized debt discount balance of was recognized as a loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended
April 30, 2022. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
August 6, 2021, the Note payable holder exercised its right to convert its outstanding warrants into shares of common stock of
the Company. . In connection with the elimination of the profit guarantee the derivative
liability ceased to exist at that time. On August 6, 2021, the fair value of the derivative liability was remeasured using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model and determined to be . The change in fair value of the derivative through August 6, 2021, was recognized
as a gain on change in fair value of derivatives of for the year ended April 30, 2022, and the remaining value of the derivative
of was reclassified to additional paid-in capital as part of shareholders equity during the year ended April 30, 2022
due to the related party nature of the transaction. 

There
were outstanding borrowings related to the Note as of April 30, 2022. Interest expense related to the Note for the year ended April
30, 2022 amounted to . 

On
February 15, 2022, for and in consideration of the Company conveyed, sold, transferred, set over, assigned and delivered to
Slinger Bag Consignment, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company Consignor ), all of the Company s right, title
and interest in and to units of certain surplus inventory, including all components, parts, additions and accessions thereto (collectively,
the Consigned Goods ). The Company subsequently amended the purchase schedule to purchase the Consigned Goods from Consignor
and make the following payments to Consignor: 

a. 
 Prior
 to March 15, 2022, the Company paid to Consignor per consigned goods unit) for the purchase of Consigned
 Goods. 

b. 
 On
 March 21, 2022, Consignee paid to Consignor per consigned goods unit) for the purchase of Consigned Goods. 

c. 
 On
 April 15, 2022, Consignee paid to Consignor per consigned goods unit) for the purchase of Consigned Goods. 

As
of April 30, 2022, the Company had repaid resulting in a net balance of the convertible note payable of . Accrued
interest on the consignment note was for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

On
April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a note payable. The note matures on and bears interest at eight percent per year. The Company pays interest monthly and will pay all accrued and unpaid interest on the maturity date in which the outstanding
principal is due. Interest expense related to the note payable amounted to for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

per annum. 

On
July 26, 2021, the Company issued to the Borrower under the line of credit. On August 26, 2021 and October 5, 2021, the Company
issued an additional and , respectively, to the Borrower under the line of credit. On November 17, 2021, December 7,
2021, and January 14, 2022, the Company issued an additional , , and , respectively, to the Borrower under the
line of credit. Interest income related to the note receivable for the year ended April 30, 2022 amounted to . 

On
February 22, 2022, the Company entered into a merger agreement with PlaySight Interactive Ltd. PlaySight and Rohit Krishnan
(the Shareholders Representative ). As a result of the merger agreement, PlaySight became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. As such, the note receivable balance and related interest income was eliminated upon consolidation as of April 30, 2022.
For the year ended April 30, 2021, there was note receivable or related interest expense (see Note 4). 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As
of April 30, 2022 and 2021, amounts due to related parties were and , respectively, which represented unpaid salaries
and bonuses and reimbursable expenses due to officers of the Company. 

The
Company has outstanding notes payable of and
 and
accrued interest of and
 due
to a related party as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 9). In addition, the Company has an outstanding
purchase obligation to a related party in the amount of as of April 30, 2022 related to the acquisition of Gameface. 

The
Company recognized net sales of and during the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to related parties.
As of April 30, 2022 and 2021, related parties had accounts receivable due to the Company of and , respectively. 

shares of common stock authorized with a par value of per share. As of April 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Equity
Transactions During the Year Ended April 30, 2022 

On
May 26, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock for the conversion of related party notes payable (see Note 9). The
fair value of the common stock was . 

On
June 23, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock as partial consideration for the acquisition of Foundation Sports
(see Note 5). The fair value of the total shares of common stock to be issued related to the acquisition was . 

On
July 6, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to two employees as compensation for services rendered in lieu of cash,
which resulted in in share-based compensation expense for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

On
July 11, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to a vendor as compensation for marketing and other services rendered,
which resulted in of operating expenses for the year ended April 30, 2022. 

During
the three months ended July 31, 2021, the Company granted an aggregate total of shares of its common stock and equity options to
purchase up to shares (which are now expired) to six new brand ambassadors as compensation for services. The expense related to
the issuance of the shares and equity options is being recognized over the service agreements, similar to the warrants and equity options
issued to the four other brand ambassadors in the prior year. During the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company recognized of
operating expenses related to the shares, warrants and equity options granted to brand ambassadors. 

On
August 6, 2021, the Note payable holder (see Note 11) exercised its right to convert its outstanding warrants into shares
of common stock of the Company. 

On
August 6, 2021, the Company s related party lender exercised its right to convert its outstanding warrants and 
common shares issuable into shares of common stock of the Company. 

On
October 11, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to a vendor as compensation for marketing and other services rendered,
which resulted in of operating expenses during the year ended April 30, 2022. 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock to a vendor as compensation for marketing and other services rendered,
which resulted in of operating expenses during the year ended April 30, 2022. 

During
April 2022, the Company granted an aggregate total of shares of its common stock to 6 new brand ambassadors as compensation for
services. During the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company recognized of operating expenses related to the shares granted to
brand ambassadors. 

Equity
Transactions During Year Ended April 30, 2021 

On
May 6, 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Mont-Saic as partial satisfaction of the shares issuable under
a convertible note payable agreement. 

On
May 15, 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock to a vendor as compensation for business advisory services performed,
which resulted in of general and administrative expenses for the year ended April 30, 2021. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
September 4, 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock for the conversion of a convertible note payable (see Note 10).
The fair value of the common stock was . 

On
October 8, 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock to a vendor as compensation for business advisory services performed,
which resulted in of operating expenses for the year ended April 30, 2021. 

On
October 28, 2020, the Company granted warrants to a service provider for advertising services over the next year. The warrants
have an exercise price of per share, a contractual life of years from the date of issuance, and vest quarterly over a year from
the grant date. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and the expense related to the issuance of the warrants
is being recognized over the service agreement. The Company recognized and of operating expenses related to this agreement
during the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
October 29, 2020, the Company and the three members of its advisory board entered into agreements whereby each member will receive an
aggregate number of warrants each quarter equal to divided by the average closing price of the Company s stock for the five
days prior to the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter. The warrants vest quarterly, have an exercise price of 
per share and a contractual life of years from the date of issuance. warrants were issued under these agreements during the
year ended April 30, 2021. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, which resulted in operating expenses
of during the year ended April 30, 2021. 

On
November 24, 2020 and on January 11, 2021, the Company issued and shares of its common stock, respectively, to two vendors
as compensation for marketing and other advisory services. The Company also issued shares of its common stock on November 24, 2020
to a third-party vendor as full settlement of payables of related to consulting services, which resulted in a loss on
extinguishment of debt. The total fair value of the shares issued related to these transactions was , of which was recognized
in prepaids and other assets and will be recognized over the period that the related services are rendered. As of April 30, 2021, there
was in prepaids related to these transactions and the remaining was recognized as operating expenses for the year ended
April 30, 2021. 

On
November 10, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock as partial payment for the purchase of the Slinger trademark. The
common stock had a fair value of on the date of issuance, which has been capitalized as an intangible asset on the balance sheet. 

On
December 15, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock as full payment of its 500,000 note payable to a third party (see
Note 11). The fair value of the shares issued was . 

On
April 11, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock for the conversion of a note payable (see Note 11). The fair value
of the shares issued was . 

On
April 11, 2021 and on April 13, 2021, the Company issued and shares of its common stock to two vendors as compensation for
marketing and advisory services, which resulted in an operating expense of for the year ended April 30, 2021. 

During
the three months ended April 30, 2021, the Company granted an aggregate total of warrants and equity options for shares
(which have all expired unexercised) to four of its brand ambassadors as compensation. The warrants have an exercise price of 
per share, a contractual life of years from the date of issuance and are vested immediately upon grant and the shares had a 90 day
exercise period at a discount on the stock price. The warrants and shares were valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model
and the expense related to the issuance of the warrants and equity options is being recognized over the service agreements. The Company
recognized and of operating expenses related to the warrant and equity options, respectively, during the year ended April
30, 2021. 

Warrants
Issued During the Year Ended April 30, 2022 

In
accordance with the October 29, 2020 agreement with three members of the advisory board mentioned above, warrants were issued
during the year ended April 30, 2022. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model on the grant date, which resulted
in operating expenses of during the year ended April 30, 2022. 

On
August 6, 2021, in connection with the Convertible Notes issuance (see Note 10) the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock of the Company to the Purchasers. 

On
August 6, 2021, in connection with the Convertible Notes issuance the Company also granted the lead placement agent for the Offering
 warrants that are exercisable for five years from August 6, 2021, at an exercise price of (subject to adjustment as set
forth in the Convertible Notes per the terms of the agreement) and are vested immediately. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model on the grant date and the Company recognized of operating expenses related to them during the year ended
April 30, 2022. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company granted an aggregate total of warrants to key employees and officers of the Company as compensation.
The warrants have an exercise price of per share for of the warrants and for of the warrants, a contractual
life of years from the date of issuance and are vested immediately upon grant. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option
pricing model on the grant date and the Company recognized of share-based compensation expense related to them during the
year ended April 30, 2022. 

On
February 2, 2022, in connection with the Gameface acquisition (see Note 5) the Company issued warrants to purchase up to shares
of common stock of the Company. 

Common
Stock Issuable 

As
discussed in Note 10, on September 16, 2019, the Company entered into a warrant assignment and conveyance agreement with Mont-Saic, pursuant
to which the Company allows Mont-Saic to acquire of the outstanding common stock shares of the Company on a fully-diluted basis for
no consideration. The allocated value of the warrant amounted to was reflected as additional paid-in capital during the year
ended April 30, 2020. 

There
were shares of common stock that were issuable under this agreement and as of April 30, 2020, none of the shares had been issued.
As of April 30, 2021, shares have been issued and the remaining were issued as of April 30, 2022. 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of common stock as partial consideration for the acquisition
of Gameface (see Note 5). The fair value of the total shares of common stock to be issued related to the acquisition was .
As of April 30, 2022, of the shares had been issued due to there being an issue with the transfer agent. The shares were issued
in September 2022. Refer to Note 18 for more details. 

On
February 22, the Company authorized the issuance of shares of common stock as partial consideration for the acquisition of
PlaySight (see Note 5). The fair value of the total shares of common stock to be issued related to the acquisition was . As
of April 30, 2022, none of the shares had been issued due to there being an issue with the transfer agent. The shares were issued in
September 2022. Refer to Note 18 for more details. 

Warrants
Issued for Compensation 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company issued warrants to key employees and officers of the Company as a performance bonus. The warrants
have an exercise price of per share for non-U.S. warrant holders warrants) and an exercise price of , which is equal
to the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, for U.S. warrant holders. The warrants were valued using
a Monte Carlo simulation with the key inputs as of 4/30/20 being the executives three-year agreement term, the Company s
 million market capitalization threshold being achieved, a risk free rate of , and a stock price volatility of because the
warrant grant was contingent on a market condition being achieved. The Company recognized of share-based compensation related
to these awards during the year ended April 30, 2021. 

and , respectively. 

Contingencies 

In
connection with the Gameface acquisition on February 2, 2022, the Company agreed to earn-out consideration of up to shares of
the Company s common stock with a fair value of which is included as a current liability on the Company s consolidated
balance sheet as of April 30, 2022. Issuance of the earn-out shares is subject to the fulfillment of certain milestones. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
connection with the PlaySight acquisition on February 22, 2022, the Company agreed to earn-out consideration of up to shares
of the Company s common stock with a fair value of . Issuance of the earn-out shares is based on PlaySight s annual
recurring revenue at December 31, 2022. As a result of the Company s decision to dispose of PlaySight, the earnout condition has
not been met and will not be met. Accordingly, the Company wrote off the contingent consideration of as of April 30, 2022.
The Company recorded the write off as a gain on the change in fair value of contingent consideration. 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not presently
a party to any legal proceedings that it currently believes would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on the
Company s business or financial statements. 

, consisted of the following: 

Stock options 

Accrued payroll 

Related party accruals 

Inventory reserve 

Interest deferral 

Start-up costs 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The
income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the applicable statutory income tax rate to pretax
loss due to the following for the years ended April, 30 2022 and 2021: 

Share-based compensation and shares for services 

Debt discount amortization 

Related party accruals 

Start-up costs 

Interest expense 

Depreciation 

Inventory reserve 

Interest deferral 

Acquisition costs 

Accrued legal 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Accrued payroll 

Gain on change in fair value of derivatives 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company had net operating loss carryforwards of and as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which may be
available to be used to offset future taxable income in the US for the years ended 2023 through 2042. The utilization of the Company s
net operating losses may be subject to a U.S. federal limitation due to the change in ownership provisions under Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code and other similar limitations in various state jurisdictions. Such limitations may result in a reduction
of the amount of net operating loss carryforwards in future years and possibly the expiration of certain net operating loss carryforwards
before their utilization. The Company has not completed a full study to assess whether an ownership change as defined in
Section 382 has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since inception. Future changes in the Company s
stock ownership, which may be outside of the Company s control, may trigger an ownership change . In addition, future
equity offerings or acquisitions that have equity as a component of the purchase price could result in an ownership change .
Tax years that remain subject to examination are 2018 and forward. 

, consisted of the following: 

 SCHEDULE
OF NET DEFERRED TAX ASSETS 

2022 
 2021 

April 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Loss carryforwards 

Start-up costs 

Research and development costs 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

due to the following for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021: 

 SCHEDULE
OF INCOME TAX PROVISION 

2022 
 2021 

April 30, 

2022 
 2021 

Income tax provision (benefit) based on book income (loss) at Israeli statutory rate 

Research and development costs 

Start-up costs 

Valuation allowance 

Loss carryforward 

Total income tax provision 

The
Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which
may be available to be used to offset future taxable income in Israel. All of the Company s tax years since inception are open
for examination. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as income tax expense. There were no interest or
penalties recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
results of each segment are regularly reviewed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, who is the Company s chief operating
decision maker, to assess the performance of the segment and make decisions regarding the allocation of resources. The Company s
chief operating decision maker uses revenue and EBITDA as measures of segment performance. The accounting policies of each segment are
the same as those set out under the summary of significant account policies in Note 3. There are no intersegment sales or transfers. 

Technology 

Total Net Revenues 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Profit or (Loss) 

Equipment 

Technology 

Total Profit or (Loss) 

The
chief operating decision maker does not receive asset information by segment as the Company does not have this information as discrete
financial data, and as such, this information is not included. 

Goodwill
assigned to the Technology segment as of April 30, 2022 was . There was goodwill assigned to the Technology segment as
of April 30, 2021. Intangibles assigned to the Technology segment as of April 30, 2022 were . There were intangible assets
assigned to the Technology segment as of April 30, 2021. 

The
Company did not have any goodwill assigned to the Equipment segment as of April 30, 2022 and 2021. Intangible assets, net assigned to
the Equipment segment as of April 30, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. 

Goodwill
and intangible assets related to Foundation Sports that was part of the Technology segment were fully impaired on April 30, 2022. 

. 

On
June 15, 2022, the Company finalized a Nasdaq Uplist and the registration statement on Form S-1 was declared effective. 

On
June 29, 2022, Jason Seifert, CFO resigned. 

On
July 29, 2022, the Company entered into two merchant cash advance agreements. The details of the merchant cash advance agreements are
as follows: 

UFS
Agreement 

The
Company entered into an agreement (the UFS Agreement with Unique Funding Solutions LLC UFS pursuant to
which the Company sold in future receivables (the UFS Receivables Purchased Amount to UFS in exchange for payment
to the Company of in cash less fees of . The Company has agreed to pay UFS each week for the next three weeks
and thereafter per week until the UFS Receivables Purchased Amount is paid in full; provided, however that if the Company makes
payment of an aggregate amount of to UFS within 45 days of July 29, 2022, then the UFS Receivables Purchased Amount shall be
reduced from to and the Company will have no further obligations under the UFS Agreement. 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
order to secure payment and performance of the Company s obligations to UFS under the UFS Agreement, the Company granted to UFS
a security interest in the following collateral: all accounts receivable and all proceeds as such term is defined by Article 9 of the
UCC. The Company also agreed not to create, incur, assume, or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any lien on or with respect to
any of such collateral. 

Cedar
Agreement 

The
Company entered into an agreement (the Cedar Agreement with Cedar Advance LLC Cedar pursuant to which
the Company sold in future receivables (the Cedar Receivables Purchased Amount to Cedar in exchange for payment
to the Company of in cash less fees of . The Company has agreed to pay Cedar each week for the next three weeks
and thereafter per week until the Cedar Receivables Purchased Amount is paid in full; provided, however that if the Company makes
payment of an aggregate amount of to Cedar within 45 days of July 29, 2022, then the Cedar Receivables Purchased Amount shall
be reduced from to and the Company will have no further obligations under the Cedar Agreement. 

In
order to secure payment and performance of the Company s obligations to Cedar under the Cedar Agreement, the Company granted to
Cedar a security interest in the following collateral: all accounts, including without limitation, all deposit accounts, accounts receivable
and other receivables, chattel paper, documents, equipment, instruments and inventory as those terms are defined by Article 9 of the
UCC. The Company also agreed not to create, incur, assume, or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any lien on or with respect to
any of such collateral. 

Since
May 1, 2022, the Company has issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock consisting of the following: 

On
 June 15, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Convertible Noteholders upon conversion of convertible
 notes. 

On
 June 15, 2022, the Company issued shares to investors who participated in the Company s Nasdaq uplist round. 

On
 June 27, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Gabriel Goldman for consulting services performed in the first
 quarter of calendar 2022. Gabriel Goldman became a director of the Company on June 15, 2022. 

On
 June 27, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the former Gameface shareholders in connection with the purchase
 of Gameface. 

On
August 25, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Midcity Capital Ltd Midcity pursuant to a cashless
conversion of warrants Midcity received from its warrant agreement with the Company dated March 2020. 

On
September 28, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with a single institutional investor for the issuance of
 shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. Net proceeds
to the Company were . 

On
November 27, 2022, 

On
December 5, 2022, in
cash. As of December 5, 2022, the results of Foundation Sports will no longer be consolidated in the Company s financial statements,
and the investment was accounted for as an equity method investment. On December 5, 2022, the Company analyzed this investment and established
a reserve for the investment at the full amount of . 

CONNEXA
SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
January 6, 2023, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement (the Loan and Security Agreement with one or more
institutional investors (the Lenders and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. as agent for the Lenders (the Agent for the issuance and sale of (i) a note in an aggregate principal amount of up to (the Note with the initial
advance under the Loan and Security Agreement being and (ii) warrants (the Warrants to purchase a number of
shares of common stock of the Company equal to 200 of the face amount of the Note divided by the closing price of the common stock of
the Company on the date of the issuance of the Notes (collectively, the Initial Issuance ). The closing price of the Company s
common stock on January 6, 2023, as reported by Nasdaq, was per share, so the Warrants in respect of the initial advance under
the Note are exercisable for up to shares of the Company s common stock. The Warrants have an exercise price per share
equal to the closing price of the common stock of the Company on the date of the issuance of the Note, or per share and a term
of five- and one-half (5 years following the initial exercise date. The initial exercise date of the Warrants will be the date
stockholder approval is received and effective allowing exercisability of the Warrants under Nasdaq rules. Pursuant to the terms of the
Loan and Security Agreement, an additional advance of may be made by to the Company under the Note. The Company s obligations
under the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by all of the Company s subsidiaries
(the Guarantors ). 

On August 16, 2022, the Company received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that, since the Company has not yet filed its Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, as previously reported by the Company on a Form 12b-25, it no longer complies with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) for continued listing. On September 26, 2022, the Company announced that it had received a letter from the Nasdaq
on September 22, 2022 Notice Letter ), notifying the Company that it is not in compliance with the periodic filing requirements
for continued listing because the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2022 (the 2023 Q1 10-Q and Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 (the 2022 10-K and, together with the 2023 Q1 10-Q, the Periodic Reports were not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the required due dates. 

On October 10, 2022, the Company received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that the Company s common stock is subject to potential delisting
from Nasdaq because, for a period of 30 consecutive business days, the bid price of the Company s common stock has closed below
the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the Bid Price Rule ).
The Nasdaq notice indicated that, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company will be provided 180 calendar days,
or until April 10, 2023, to regain compliance. If, at any time before April 10, 2023, the bid price of the Company s common stock
closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq staff will provide written notification that the
Company has achieved compliance with the Bid Price Rule. If the Company fails to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule before April
10, 2023, t he Company may be eligible for an additional 180-calendar day compliance period. To qualify, 
the Company will be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial
listing standards for Nasdaq, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and will need to provide written notice of its intention
to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. In the event the Company
is not eligible for the second grace period, Nasdaq will provide written notice that the Company s common stock is subject to delisting. 

On November 17, 2022, Gabriel Goldman and Rohit Krishnan
resigned from the board of directors of the Company. Gabriel and Rohit were members of the audit and compensation committees. Gabriel
Goldman was a member of the Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Neither Gabriel nor Rohit advised the Company
of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. As a result, the Company will be
required to meet the continued listing requirement for board of directors and committees. 

On March 21, 2023, the Company received a
letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that the Company s
failure to file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 31, 2023 Additional Delinquency serves
as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities from Nasdaq. The Company received a letter from the Nasdaq on February
14, 2023, indicating that, due to the Company s failure, in violation of Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), to file its (i) Annual Report
on Form 10-K with respect to the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022; and (ii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended July
31, 2022 and October 31, 2022 (collectively, the Delinquent Filings ), by February 13, 2023 (the due date for filing
the Delinquent Filings pursuant to an exception to Nasdaq s Listing Rule previously granted by Nasdaq), absent the submission of
a timely appeal by February 21, 2023, trading of the Company s common stock would have been suspended from the Nasdaq at the opening
of business on February 23, 2023. Nasdaq would also have filed a Form 25-NSE with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
which would have resulted in the removal of the Company s securities from listing and registration on the Nasdaq (the Staff
Determination ). Additionally, on October 10, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that the Company s
common stock is subject to potential delisting from Nasdaq because, for a period of 30 consecutive business days, the bid price of the
Company s common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule
5450(a)(1). 

On January 12, 2023, Nasdaq notified the Company
that due to the resignations from the Company s board, audit committee and compensation committee on November 17, 2022 Corporate
Governance Deficiencies ), the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq s independent director, audit committee and compensation
committee requirements as set forth in Listing Rule 5605. The Company timely submitted its plan of compliance with respect to the Corporate
Governance Deficiencies by February 27, 2023 as required by the Nasdaq. However, pursuant to Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(A), the Corporate
Governance Deficiencies serve as an additional and separate basis for delisting and the Company. 

On February 21, 2023, consistent with the Company s
previously announced intention to request an appeal of the Staff Determination by requesting a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel
(the Panel to stay the suspension of the Company s securities and the filing of the Form 25-NSE with the SEC
(the Hearing ), the Company appealed the Staff Determination to the Panel, and requested that the stay of delisting,
which otherwise would expire on March 8, 2023, pursuant to Listing Rule 5815(a)(1)(B), be extended until the Panel issued a final decision
on the matter. The Nasdaq granted the Company s request to extend the stay, pending the Hearing scheduled for March 30, 2023, and
a final determination regarding the Company s listing status. The Company is required to address the Additional Delinquency, the
Delinquent Filings, and the Corporate Governance Deficiencies before the Panel. Although the Company is working diligently to file the
Delinquent Filings and Additional Delinquency, there can be no assurance that they will be filed prior to the Hearing. If the Company s
appeal is denied or the Company fails to timely regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards, the Company s
common stock will be subject to delisting on the Nasdaq. 

On March 30, 2023, the Company had its hearing with
the Nasdaq, which indicated that a decision with respect to the Company s listing status on the Nasdaq would be rendered within
two weeks. 

On April 12, 2023, the Company
received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq indicating that the Company had not yet regained compliance
with the Bid Price Rule, which serves as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities from the Nasdaq. The letter
further indicated that the Panel will consider this matter in its decision regarding the Company s continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. In that regard, the Nasdaq indicated that the Company should present its views with respect to this additional delinquency
to the Panel in writing no later than April 19, 2023. 

The Company offers no assurance
that its request to be granted further time to file its Delinquent Filings, regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule and redress its
Corporate Governance Deficiencies and to remain listed on the Nasdaq will be granted. 

F- 35 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On
August 28, 2022, the Board of Directors and the audit committee of Connex Sports Technologies Inc. (the Company approved
the re-engagement of Mac Accounting Group, LLP Mac as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, effective immediately, and dismissed WithumSmith + Brown, PC Withum as the
Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Until
Withum was engaged on February 17, 2022, Mac was the Company s auditor and had audited the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Withum
never issued an audit opinion on our financial statements, and during the course of their engagement there
were no disagreements with Withum on any matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope
and procedures which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Withum, would have caused Withum to make reference to the matter in their
audit opinion, if issued. There were no reportable events (as that term is described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K) during the
period Withum was engaged as the Company s auditor. 

On
March 21, 2023, the Board of Directors and the audit committee of the Company approved the engagement of Olayinka Oyebola Co. OOC as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, effective immediately,
and dismissed Mac Accounting Group, LLP Mac as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Until
OOC was engaged on March 21, 2023, Mac was the Company s auditor and had audited the Company s consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Mac
never issued an audit opinion on our financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, and during the course of their engagement
there were no disagreements with Mac on any matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing
scope and procedures which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Mac, would have caused Mac to make reference to the matter in their
audit opinion, if issued. There were no reportable events (as that term is described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K) during the
period Mac was engaged as the Company s auditor. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that
we file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Security and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer),
as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and
procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of April 30, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
the year ended April 30, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief
Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
 and 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
 with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material impact on the financial statements. 

52 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
includes using the criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), an integrated framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, for the evaluation of internal control to identify the risks and control objectives related
to the evaluation of our control environment. 

Based
on our evaluation under the framework described above, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of April 30, 2022 due to the following material weaknesses that were identified: 

The
 Company lacks adequate segregation of duties due to the small size of the organization. Further, the Company lacks an independent
 Board of Directors or Audit Committee to ensure adequate monitoring or oversight. 

The
 Company lacks accounting resources and controls to prevent or detect material misstatements. Specifically, the Company continues
 to have a material weakness in our controls over accounting for inventory due to a lack of controls over ensuring inventory movement
 was being processed accurately and in a timely manner, which resulted in significant audit adjustments relating to the value of our
 inventory and cost of sales. Further, while the Company engages service providers to assist with US GAAP compliance the Company lacks
 resources with adequate knowledge to oversee those services. Lastly, the Company does not have sufficient resources to complete timely
 reconciliations and transactional reviews, which resulted in delays in the financial reporting process. 

To
remediate the material weaknesses, we have initiated compensating controls in the near term and are enhancing and revising our existing
controls, including ensuring we have sufficient management review procedures and adequate segregation of duties. The material weaknesses
will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded
they are operating effectively. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Our management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual
Report. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Management
Changes 

Not applicable. 

Acquisitions 

Not applicable. 

53 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

DIRECTORS,
DIRECTOR NOMINEES, AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Our
executive officers and directors and their respective ages as at the date hereof are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 and Offices 
 
 Mike
 Ballardie 
 
 62 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 Paul
 McKeown 
 
 68 
 
 Former
 Chief Business Integration Officer 
 
 Tom
 Dye 
 
 70 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Juda
 Honickman 
 
 37 
 
 Chief
 Marketing Officer 
 
 Mark
 Radom 
 
 54 
 
 General
 Counsel 
 
 Yonah
 Kalfa 
 
 40 
 
 Chief
 Innovation Officer and Director 
 
 Kirk Taylor 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

The
directors named above will serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders or until his resignation or removal from office. Thereafter,
directors are anticipated to be elected for one-year terms at the annual shareholders meeting. Officers will hold their positions
pursuant to their respective service agreements. 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five
years. 

Professional
History of Mike Ballardie 

Mike
Ballardie has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director since June 2019. Mike is an experienced and widely
recognized tennis industry leader with 35 years of experience in tennis as a player, a coach and business leader. Mike started his tennis
business career at Wilson in the late 1980s where he spent 11 years growing and ultimately leading Wilson s Europe, Middle East
and Africa Racquet sports division. 

In
2002, Mike joined Prince Sports Europe as vice-president and managing director and stayed in this role through 2012. In 2003, Mike was
part of the management buyout team that acquired the Prince brand from Benetton Sports in partnership with a private equity group. In
2007, after a highly successful business turnaround the business was sold with the management team in place to another U.S. based private
equity group. 

In
2013, Mike became the Chief Executive Officer of Prince Global Sports, a role in which he stayed until 2016. 

After
Prince Global Sports, Mike owned and operated FED Sports Consulting where he managed all aspects of a major restructuring project involving
Waitt Brands (a holding company for Prince Global Sports) and Trilium Ltd (UK), a childcare business, from 2018 to 2019. 

Immediately
prior to joining Prince Sports, Mike worked for VF Corp., where he built the international business for their JanSport brand from scratch. 

Mike
also served for many years as an Executive Board Director for the Tennis Industry Association (TIA) both in the USA and in the UK. Mike
has been at the forefront of many of the most successful tennis racket innovations over this period and highly regarded across this industry
sector. 

Professional
History of Paul McKeown 

Paul McKeow n joined the Company in the summer
of 2019 as a consultant and in April 2020 was appointed Chief Business Integration Officer of Slinger Bag, through January 2023 when Mr.
McKeown resigned. Holding a Chartered Professional Accountant designation (CPA-CMA) in Canada, Mr. McKeown has 40+ years experience
in senior management focused on finance, operations and IT functions in large multinational companies (37 years in sporting goods). 

54 

Paul
started his sporting goods business career in the early 1980s at Wilson Sporting Goods Canadian subsidiary, where he led the finance,
IT and operations functions. Recognizing strong processes and performance of the Canadian unit, Paul was appointed to a small team of
executives to provide on-going functional support to new entities being established in Latin America and Asia. 

In
1989, Wilson was acquired by Amer Sports which through further acquisitions (Atomic, Suunto, Precor and Salomon) became the largest sports
 hard goods equipment supplier in the world. Those acquisitions required leadership to integrate into Amer s processes,
and Mr. McKeown led the finance and operations integration teams for Canada, Latin America, and Asia. As a result, Paul was appointed
Director of Process Integration Development for North America of Amer Sports. A key initiative under his leadership was transition
of financial transactional processing for all Amer North American business units to the Global Financial Shared Service organization
in Poland. Following that, he was appointed Vice President Finance for Amer s Precor Fitness brand headquartered in Seattle
Washington. In that role, he re-organized the finance team, and introduced new tools and processes which lead to significant improvements
in financial performance and business control. 

In
Spring 2018, he retired from active service and began a consulting career with focus on financial/IT processes until he joined Slinger
Bag in the summer of 2019. 

Professional
History of Tom Dye 

Tom
Dye joined the Company as Chief Operating Officer on May 1, 2020. Tom has over 35 years of senior management experience in diverse
consumer goods and manufacturing segments across the Americas, Asia, Europe, Australia and Middle East. From 1977 to 1990, Tom served
as Vice President of International Operations at Wilson Sporting Goods where he was responsible for multiple international start-up operations,
including launching the first wholly U.S. owned sporting goods company in Japan. From 1990 to 2001, Tom served as President of International
Exports at The Coleman Company. From 2002 to 2009, Tom served in a number of roles at Prince Global Sports, the leading global manufacturer
of tennis rackets, in various roles, including Vice President of Operations, Vice President/General Manager of International Operations,
National Sales Manager and acting Chief Financial Officer. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Dye served as Chief Operating Officer at Prince Global
Sports. From 2015 to 2017, Tom served as Chief Operating Officer of HazTek, Inc. From 2017 to 2018, Tom consulted for Smith Optics, a
sports optical company. From 2018 until being hired by the Company in May 2020, Tom was retired. 

Professional
History of Juda Honickman 

Juda
Honickman is Chief Marketing Officer for Slinger Bag Inc. Juda joined Slinger Bag Inc in October 2017 to lead product design and
overall strategy for the Company s pre-sale crowdfunding initiative which exceeded its goal by 2,600 . He is responsible for overseeing
the planning, development and execution of the Company s marketing and advertising initiatives along with ensuring that the Company s
offering and brand messaging is distributed across all channels and is effectively targeting audiences in order to meet sales objectives.
In his role, Juda oversees the global communications of Slinger s brand, including consumer insights, digital marketing, creative
development, agency management, marketing effectiveness, social responsibility, sponsorships, media and employee communications. Juda
previously served as The Director of Marketing and Strategy for a global legal tech company and before that oversaw marketing and sales
for an innovative consumer tech business. 

55 

Professional
History of Mark Radom 

Since
September 2019, Mark Radom has been general counsel of Slinger Bag Inc. Mr. Radom has also served as general counsel of The Greater Cannabis
Company, Inc. and from February 2010 through July 2015, general counsel and chief carbon officer of Blue Sphere Corporation. From 2009
through 2010, Mr. Radom was managing director of Carbon MPV Limited, a Cyprus company focused on developing renewable energy and carbon
credit projects. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Radom was general counsel and chief operating officer of Carbon Markets Global Limited, a London-based
carbon credit and renewable energy project developer. Mr. Radom has extensive experience in business development in the renewable energy
and carbon credit sectors. He has sourced over 100,000,000 in renewable energy, industrial gas and carbon credit projects and managed
many complex aspects of their implementation. He was legal counsel for a number of carbon and ecological project developers and was responsible
for structuring joint ventures and advising on developing projects through the CDM/JI registration cycle and emission reduction purchase
agreements under the auspices of the Kyoto Protocol. Prior to this, he worked on Wall Street and in the City of London as a U.S. securities
and capital markets lawyer where he represented sovereigns, global investment banks and fortune 500 companies across a broad range of
capital raising and corporate transactions. He is a graduate of Duke University and Brooklyn Law School. Mr. Radom is admitted to practice
law in New York and New Jersey and speaks fluent Russian. 

Professional
History of Yonah Kalfa 

Yonah
Kalfa joined Slinger Bag as its Chief Innovation Officer in September 2020. Prior to joining Slinger Bag, Mr. Kalfa owned and operated
NA Dental, a company active in the dental supply business since 2010. Mr. Kalfa is a director of Pharmedica Ltd., Plaqless Ltd., Dusmit
Ltd. and Parasonic Ltd. 

Professional History of Kirk Taylor 

Kirk is the Chief Financial Officer of American Resources Corporation where
he conducts all tax and financial accounting roles of the organization, and has substantial experience in tax credit analysis and financial
structure. Kirk s main focus over his 13 years in public accounting had been the auditing, tax compliance, financial modeling and
reporting on complex real estate and business transactions utilizing numerous federal and state tax credit and incentive programs. Prior
to joining American Resources Corporation, Kirk was Chief Financial Officer of Quest Energy, Inc., ARC s wholly-owned subsidiary.
Prior to joining Quest Energy in 2015, he was a Manager at K.B. Parrish Co. LLP where he worked since 2014. Prior to that, he worked
at Katz Sapper Miller since 2012 as Manager. In addition, Kirk is an instructor for the CPA examination and has spoken at several training
and industry conferences. He received a BS in Accounting and a BS in Finance from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University,
Bloomington Indiana and is currently completing his Masters of Business Administration from the University of Saint Francis at Fort Wayne,
Indiana. Kirk serves his community in various ways including as the board treasurer for a community development corporation in Indianapolis,
Indiana. Kirk does not have any family relationships with any of the Company s directors or executive officers. There are no arrangements
or understandings between Kirk and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as an officer. He has no direct or indirect material
interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 

TERM
OF OFFICE 

All
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected
and qualified. The Company s Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors will consist of no less than three members. Officers are
elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Our
board of directors is currently composed of one member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published
listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that
the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family
members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination
as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ
rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided
by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to
us and our management. 

CERTAIN
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

No
director, nominee for director, or executive officer of the Company has appeared as a party in any legal proceeding material to an evaluation
of his ability or integrity during the past ten years. 

SIGNIFICANT
EMPLOYEES 

Other
than our officers and director, we currently have two other persons who became in February 2022 what we consider to be significant employees: 

Jalaluddin Shaik, President of Gameface. 

Jalaluddin
Shaik founded and became the chief executive officer of Gameface in 2017. Prior to founding Gameface, Mr. Shaik led product teams at
some of the world s biggest brands, including Telstra, Sony, and Apple. While at Telstra, Shaik led the creation of the Telstra
video streaming platform Presto , that reaches over 10M Australians. In addition to his role at Telstra, Shaik was the design
lead on the Apple airplay technology integration to 80 of Tier1 Audio OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturers) such as Denon, Bose, Pioneer,
Yamaha, leading a team of 30 engineers. Previously (2003-2010), Shaik built and deployed various end to end video decoding solutions
at Sony and Intel. Mr. Shaik is a graduate of Visvesvaraya Technological University with a bachelors in Computer Science Major in machine
learning. 

56 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

Since
we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by
such committees are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit
committee financial expert, nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such
committees are not necessary since the Company is an early development stage company and has only one director, and to date, such director
has been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers
have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

There
are no family relationships among our directors or officers, or persons nominated or chosen to be a director or officer. Other than as
described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors, other than potential
issues related to the matters described under Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

SECTION
16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Our
Common Stock was not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal shareholders
are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Each
non-employee director will receive shares of common stock valued at 50,000, based on the closing price of our common stock on the anniversary
date each non-employee director was appointed to the Board. In the event, a director should resign from the Board mid-year, such director
would receive a pro rata issuance of common stock at their anniversary date based on the number of days of service since their prior
anniversary date. No fractional shares will be issued to non-employee director, and any calculation resulting in a fractional share will
be rounded up to the next whole share. 

DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Upon
effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our Board will be composed of a majority of independent
directors as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. We use the definition of independence applied by Nasdaq to make
this determination. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s Board, would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Nasdaq listing rules provide that a
director cannot be considered independent if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three (3) years was, an employee of the Company; 

57 

the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 twelve (12) consecutive months within the three (3) years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exemptions,
 including, among other things, compensation for Board or Board committee service); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exemptions); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 (3) years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three (3) years was a partner or employee of the company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. 

Under
such definitions, our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director nominee. Based on information provided by each
director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board has determined that each of Kirk P. Taylor, Rohit Krishnan,
and Gabriel Goldman, when appointed to the Board, will be independent directors of the Company. 

BOARD
COMMITTEES 

Upon
effectiveness of the June registration statement, the following three standing committees will be formed and effective: audit committee;
compensation committee; and nominating and governance committee. Our Board of Directors has adopted written charters for each of these
committees, with such charters being effective upon effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
Upon completion of this offering, copies of the charters will be available on our website. Our Board of Directors may establish other
committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Audit
Committee 

The
audit committee will be responsible for, among other matters: 

appointing,
 compensating, retaining, evaluating, terminating, and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 with our independent registered public accounting firm the independence of its members from its management; 

reviewing
 with our independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of their audit; 

approving
 all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing
 the financial reporting process and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the interim
 and annual financial statements that we file with the SEC; 

reviewing
 and monitoring our accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls, and compliance with legal and regulatory
 requirements; 

coordinating
 the oversight by our Board of our code of business conduct and our disclosure controls and procedures 

58 

establishing
 procedures for the confidential and/or anonymous submission of concerns regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters;
 and 

reviewing
 and approving related-person transactions. 

Kirk
P. Taylor, who satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under
the Exchange Act and Nasdaq s rules, will serve on our audit committee upon their appointment to the board, with Mr. Taylor serving
as the chairman. Our board has determined that Mr. Taylor qualify as audit committee financial experts. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
compensation committee will be responsible for, among other matters: 

reviewing
 key employee compensation goals, policies, plans and programs; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of our directors and executive officers; 

reviewing
 and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers; and 

appointing
 and overseeing any compensation consultants or advisors. 

There are currently
no independent directors on the compensation committee. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
purpose of the nominating and corporate governance committee is to assist the Board in identifying qualified individuals to become Board
members, in determining the composition of the Board and in monitoring the process to assess Board effectiveness. 

Kirk
Taylor, who satisfies the independence requirements of Nasdaq s rules, will serve on
our compensation committee upon their appointment to the board, with Mr. Goldman serving as the chairman. 

COMPENSATION
COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

RISK
OVERSIGHT 

Our
Board will oversee a company-wide approach to risk management. Our Board will determine the appropriate risk level for us generally,
assess the specific risks faced by us and review the steps taken by management to manage those risks. While our Board will have ultimate
oversight responsibility for the risk management process, its committees will oversee risk in certain specified areas. 

Specifically,
our compensation committee will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and
arrangements, and the incentives created by the compensation awards it administers. Our audit committee will oversee management of enterprise
risks and financial risks, as well as potential conflicts of interests. Our Board of Directors will be responsible for overseeing the
management of risks associated with the independence of our Board. 

59 

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

As
of April 30, 2022, the Company has not adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions as the Company has only recently commenced
operations. Our Board adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees (the Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics ), to be effective upon effectiveness of the June registration statement. Upon completion of the
offering, a copy of the code will be available on the Company s website. The Company intends to disclose on their website any amendments
to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that apply to their principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our then Officers for all services rendered in all capacities
to us for the fiscal years ended as indicated. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year ended April 30 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Share Awards )(1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Mike Ballardie (1) 
 2022 
 571,123 
 277,500 
 16,100,000 
 - 
 375,748 
 17,324,371 

2021 
 360,109 
 635,00 
 
 - 
 119,714 
 1,114823 
 
 Judah Honickman (2) 
 2022 
 179,312 
 72,150 
 190,000 
 - 
 10,454 
 451,916 

2021 
 96,000 
 51,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 147,000 
 
 Paul McKeown (3) 
 2022 
 344,048 
 83,250 
 
 - 
 - 
 427,298 

2021 
 298,589 
 90,000 
 23,756 
 - 
 - 
 412,345 
 
 Tom Dye (4) 
 2022 
 160,000 
 37,000 
 25,647 
 - 
 - 
 222,647 

2021 
 120,000 
 30,000 
 15,747 
 - 
 - 
 165,747 
 
 Mark Radom (5) 
 2022 
 114,000 
 23,241 
 
 - 
 - 
 137,241 

2021 
 84,000 
 21,000 
 15,747 
 - 
 - 
 120,747 
 
 Yonah Kalfa (6 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 16,100,000 
 - 
 593,250 
 16,693,250 

2021 
 120,000 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 150,000 

Jason Seifert (7) 
 2022 
 179,166 
 59,663 

50,970 
 289,799 
 
 Chen Shachar (8) 
 2022 

Evgeni Khazanov (9) 
 2022 

(1) 
 Calculated
 in accordance with ASC Topi c 718, consistent with the Company s financial statements. 
 Mr.
 Ballardie has served as the Company s Principal Executive Officer and as Chairman of the Board of Directors since September
 16, 2019 and has an address at 2709 N. Rolling Road, Suite 138, Windsor Mill, MD 21244. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 Honickman has served as the Company s Chief Marketing Officer since September 16, 2019 and has an address at 2709 N. Rolling
 Road, Suite 138, Windsor Mill, MD 21244. 
 
 (3) 
 Paul
 McKeown has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer from April 30, 2020 through July 6, 2021 and from July 6, 2021
 to-date as the Company s Chief Business Integration Officer and has an address at 2709 N. Rolling Road, Suite 138, Windsor
 Mill, MD 21244. 
 
 (4) 
 Tom
 Dye has served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer since April 30, 2020 and has an address at 2709 N. Rolling Road, Suite
 138, Windsor Mill, MD 21244. 
 
 (5) 
 Mark
 Radom has served as the Company s General Counsel since September 16, 2019 and has an address at 2709 N. Rolling Road, Suite
 138, Windsor Mill, MD 21244. 
 
 (6) 
 Yonah
 Kalfa has served as the Company s Chief Innovation Officer since September 7, 2020 and has an address at 2709 N. Rolling Road,
 Suite 138, Windsor Mill, MD 21244. 
 
 (7) 
 Jason
 Seifert served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer from July 6, 2021 through June 25, 2022 and had an address at 2709
 N. Rolling Road, Suite 138, Windsor Mill, MD 21244. 
 
 (8) 
 Chen
 Shachar served as PlaySight s Chief Executive Officer from 2012 through February 16, 2022, which was the date on which the
 Company consummated its acquisition of PlaySight, and as PlaySight s president from February 16, 2022 through November 27,
 2022 when the Company sold PlaySight and had an address at 6 Hanagar, Hod Hasharon, Israel. 
 
 (9) 
 Evgeni
 Khazanov has served as PlaySight s Chief Technology Officer from 2012 through November 27, 2022 when the Company sold PlaySight
 and had an address at 6 Hanagar, Hod Hasharon, Israel. 

60 

SERVICE
AGREEMENTS 

The
Company is a party to service agreements with each of its executive officers. 

Mike
Ballardie. On April 6, 2020, we entered into a service agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Ballardie, which was amended
on November 1, 2020. Pursuant to the service agreement, Mr. Ballardie will serve as our Chief Executive Officer for a period of five
years. During the five-year term, Mr. Ballardie receives a monthly base salary of 50,000 and a bonus payment at a minimum of 50 of
the annual base salary. We also issued Mr. Ballardie warrants to purchase 500,000 shares of our common stock. The warrants were exercisable
at issuance at an exercise price of 0.01 per share and have an expiration date of April 6, 2030. We also provide standard indemnification
and directors and officers insurance. We may terminate Mr. Ballardie s employment with cause (as defined under the
agreement) and without cause by giving at least 180 days prior written notice. If we terminate Mr. Ballardie without cause, all his unvested
stock and option compensation of any nature will vest without any further action. Mr. Ballardie may resign for good reason (as defined
under the agreement) or without good reason by giving at least 180 days prior written notice. If we terminate Mr. Ballardie without cause
or he resigns for good reason, we must pay severance in an amount in lieu of base salary and benefits that would have accrued to Mr.
Ballardie for the greater of (a) the unexpired portion of the term of the agreement or (b) two years, to be paid in full within 30 days
of termination. In addition, vesting of all unvested common or preferred shares and options and warrants will continue for 12 months
following such termination if we terminate Mr. Ballardie without cause or he resigns for good reason. Mr. Ballardie is also subject to
standard confidentiality and non-competition provisions. 

Tom
Dye. On April 30, 2020, we entered into a service agreement with our Chief Operating Officer, Tom Dye. Pursuant to the service agreement,
Mr. Dye serves as our Chief Operating Officer for a period of three years. During the three-year term, Mr. Dye receives an annual base
salary of 120,000 and a bonus payment at a minimum of 25 of the annual gross base salary. We agreed to issue Mr. Dye warrants to purchase
a total of 125,000 shares of common stock to be issued at the time that certain performance goals are met. The warrants that were to
Mr. Dye on April 30, 2020 are exercisable at issuance at an exercise price of 3.00 per share and have an expiration date of April 30,
2030. The warrants that were to Mr. Dye on February 9, 2021 are exercisable at issuance at an exercise price of 39.40 per share and
have an expiration date of February 9, 2031. We also agreed to issue a one-time bonus of 150,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Dye after
the value of the Company s outstanding stock equals 100 million. The Company will also provide standard indemnification and directors 
and officers insurance. The Company may terminate Mr. Dye s employment with cause (as defined under the agreement) and without
cause by giving at least 60 days prior written notice. If we terminate Mr. Dye without cause, all Mr. Dye s unvested stock and
option compensation of any nature will vest without any further action, and we will pay two years base salary severance within 30 days
of termination. In addition, vesting of all unvested common or preferred shares and options and warrants will continue for 12 months
following such termination. Mr. Dye may resign for good reason (as defined under the agreement) or without good reason by giving at least
30 days prior written notice. Mr. Dye is also subject to standard confidentiality and non-competition provisions. 

Paul
McKeown. On July 5, 2021, we entered into a service agreement with our former Chief Business Integration Officer, Paul McKeown.
Pursuant to the service agreement, Mr. McKeown will serve as our Chief Business Integration Officer for a period of three years.
During the three-year term, Mr. McKeown receives a base salary at an hourly rate of 150 per hour, up to 12,000 per month unless
otherwise agreed, and an annual performance bonus of at least 30 of the annual gross base salary. and We also issued Mr. McKeown
warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock. The warrants were exercisable at issuance at an exercise price of 0.01 per
share and have an expiration date of The Company will also provide standard indemnification and directors and officers 
insurance. The Company may terminate Mr. McKeown s employment with cause (as defined under the agreement) and without cause by
giving at least 90 days prior written notice. If we terminate Mr. McKeown without cause, all Mr. McKeown s unvested stock and
option compensation of any nature will vest without any further action, and we will pay severance of one year base salary within 30
days of termination. In addition, vesting of all unvested common or preferred shares and options and warrants will continue for 12
months following termination. Mr. McKeown may resign for good reason (as defined under the agreement) or without good reason by
giving at least 90 days prior written notice. Mr. McKeown is also subject to standard confidentiality and non-competition
provisions. 

61 

Juda
Honickman. On April 30, 2020, we entered into a service agreement with Nest Consulting Inc., a Delaware corporation, owned by our
Chief Marketing Officer, Juda Honickman. Pursuant to the service agreement, Mr. Honickman will serve as our Chief Marketing Officer for
a period of three years. During the three-year term, Mr. Honickman receives an annual base salary of 102,000 and a bonus payment at
a minimum of 50 of his annual base salary. We also issued warrants to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Honickman. The
warrants were exercisable at issuance at an exercise price of 3.00 per share and have an expiration date of April 30, 2030. The Company
will also provide standard indemnification and directors and officers insurance. The Company may terminate Mr. Honickman s
employment with cause (as defined under the agreement) and without cause by giving at least 60 days prior written notice. If we terminate
Mr. Honickman without cause, all Mr. Honickman s unvested stock and option compensation of any nature will vest without any further
action and will pay two years base salary severance within 30 days of termination. In addition, Mr. vesting of all unvested common or
preferred shares and options and warrants will continue for 12 months following termination. Mr. Honickman may resign for good reason
(as defined under the agreement) or without good reason by giving at least 30 days prior written notice. Mr. Honickman is also subject
to standard confidentiality and non-competition provisions. 

Mark
Radom. On February 1, 2022, we entered into the second amended and restated service agreement with our General Counsel, Mark Radom.
Pursuant to the service agreement, Mr. Radom will serve as General Counsel for a period of two. During the two-year term, we agreed to
pay Mr. Radom a monthly base salary of 12,500 and a bonus payment at a minimum of 25 of the annual base salary. The Company will also
provide standard indemnification and directors and officers insurance. The Company may terminate Mr. Radom s employment
with cause (as defined under the agreement) and without cause by giving at least 60 days prior written notice. If we terminate Mr. Radom
without cause, all Mr. Radom s unvested stock and option compensation of any nature will vest without any further action, and we
will pay two years base salary severance within 30 days of termination. In addition, vesting of all unvested common or preferred shares
and options and warrants will continue for 12 months following termination. Mr. Radom may resign for good reason (as defined under the
agreement) or without good reason by giving at least 120 days prior written notice. Mr. Radom is also subject to standard confidentiality
and non-competition provisions. 

Yonah
Kalfa. On September 7, 2020, we entered into a service agreement with our Chief Innovation Officer, Yonah Kalfa. Pursuant to the
service agreement, Mr. Kalfa will serve as our Chief Innovation Officer for a period of three years. During the three-year term, Mr.
Kalfa receives an annual base salary of 1,162,800 Israeli New Shekel (approximately 350,000) and a bonus payment at a minimum of 25 
of the annual gross base salary. Mr. Kalfa agreed to defer receipt of his base salary until otherwise agreed in writing. The Company
will also provide standard indemnification and directors and officers insurance. The Company may terminate Mr. Kalfa s
employment with cause (as defined under the agreement) and without cause by giving at least 60 days prior written notice. If we terminate
Mr. Kalfa without cause, we will pay two years base salary severance within 30 days of termination. Mr. Kalfa may resign for good reason
(as defined under the agreement) or without good reason by giving at least 30 days prior written notice. Mr. Kalfa is also subject to
standard confidentiality and non-competition provisions. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth director compensation for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Name 
 
 Year
 Ended April 30 

Fees
 earned or paid in cash ) 

Stock
 Awards ) 

Total
 ) 

Mike
 Ballardie 
 
 2022 

- 

- 

- 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

Stock
Options/SAR Grants . 

None. 

62 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of May 17, 2023, with respect to any person (including any group ,
as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) who is
known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, and as to those shares of
our equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors and executive officers and all of our directors and executive officers
as a group. Unless otherwise specified in the table below, such information, other than information with respect to our directors and
executive officers, is based on a review of statements filed with the Securities and Exchange commission (the Commission pursuant to Sections 13 (d), 13 (f), and 13 (g) of the Exchange Act with respect to our common stock. 

The
number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of the Commission and the information
is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
as to which such person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to
acquire within sixty (60) days after the date hereof, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise
indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares
set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership of those shares. 

The
following table lists, as at the date hereof, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i)
each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer
and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common
stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership 
concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of
a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment
power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any
security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission
rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial
owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole
voting and investment power. 

Common Stock 
 
 Name 
 # of Shares (1) 
 of Class (1) 
 
 Yonah Kalfa (3) 
 1,999,470 
 2.44 
 
 2672237 Ontario Ltd. (2) 
 1,252,471 
 1.53 
 
 Mike Ballardie (3) 
 790,000 
 0.96 
 
 Judah Honickman (3) 
 350,000 
 0.43 
 
 Paul McKeown (3) 
 275,000 
 0.33 
 
 Tom Dye (3) 
 275,000 
 0.33 
 
 Mark Radom (3) 
 277,603 
 0.33 
 
 All current officers and directors as a group (6 persons) (3) 
 5,219,544 
 6.37 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or
 investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, convertible debt or convertible
 preferred shares currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days are deemed outstanding for
 computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of
 any other person. Percentages are based on a total of shares of common stock outstanding on May 17, 2023, which
 was 13,543,155, and the shares issuable upon exercise of warrants and convertible debt. The number of common shares used
 in computing this percentage is 81,906,241. 

63 

(2) 
 In
 connection with a note payable issued on June 1, 2019, Mont-Saic Investments received a warrant giving them the right to acquire
 33 of the outstanding shares of the Company for no charge, which amounted to a total of 8,137,859 shares issuable. Mont-Saic subsequently
 sold it full right, title and interest in that right to 2672237 Ontario. Currently, the Company has issued 1,216,560 shares to 2672237
 Ontario in satisfaction of the warrant with 6,921,299 shares remaining issuable as of the date of this report. Additionally, 2672237
 Ontario holds 1,636,843 shares of the Company s common stock from debt to equity conversions and has 2,750,000 warrants related
 to debt issuances. 

(3) 
 The above officers and directors were granted an aggregate total of 1,125,000.
450,000 and 1,100,000 warrants on April 30, 2020, February 9, 2021 and September 3, 2021, respectively, as compensation and bonuses. The
April 30, 2020 warrants have an exercise price of 0.01 per share and the February 9, 2021 warrants have an exercise price of 0.01 per
share for non-U.S. employees and 39.40 for U.S. employees. All of the warrants have a contractual life of 10 years from the date of issuance
and are vested immediately upon grant. Additionally, Yonah Kalfa and Mark Radom have 1,999,470 and 2,603 shares of common stock of the
Company, respectively. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

The
table below provides information regarding all compensation plans as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year (including
individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant are authorized for issuance. 

On
November 11, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the Slinger Bag Inc. Global Share Incentive Plan (2020), or the 2020
Plan, which was approved by stockholders holding in the aggregate 19,994,700 shares of the Company s common stock, or approximately
75.4 of the Company s common stock outstanding on such date. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of awards which are incentive
stock options ISOs ), non-qualified stock options NQSOs ), unrestricted stock, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, performance stock and other equity-based and cash awards or any combination of the foregoing, to eligible key management
employees, non-employee directors, and non-employee consultants of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each a participant (however, solely employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are eligible for incentive stock option awards). 

The
Company has reserved a total of 15,000,000 shares for issuance under awards to be made under the 2020 Plan, all of which may, but need
not, be issued in connection with ISOs. To the extent that an award lapses, expires, is canceled, is terminated unexercised or ceases
to be exercisable for any reason, or the rights of its holder terminate, any shares subject to such award shall again be available for
the grant of a new award. The 2020 Plan shall continue in effect, unless sooner terminated, until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the
date on which it was adopted by the Board of Directors (except as to awards outstanding on that date). The Board of Directors in its
discretion may terminate the 2020 Plan at any time with respect to any shares for which awards have not theretofore been granted; provided,
however, that the 2020 Plan s termination shall not materially and adversely impair the rights of a holder, without the consent
of the holder, with respect to any award previously granted. 

Future
new hires, non-employee directors and additional non-employee consultants are eligible to participate in the 2020 Plan as well. The number
of awards to be granted to officers, non-employee directors, employees and non-employee consultants cannot be determined at this time
as the grant of awards is dependent upon various factors such as hiring requirements and job performance. 

64 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 1,500,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 24,503,107 
 1.01 
 - 
 
 Total 
 24,503,107 
 1.01 
 1,500,000 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

None. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of fees incurred to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with
the audit of our financial statements and for the quarterly reviews of our financial statements. 

Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 331,690 
 102,600 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 102,600 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Financial Statements 

Our
financial statements as set forth in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The following exhibits, which are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K, are filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K or, as noted, incorporated by reference herein: 

65 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement dated October 6, 2021, by and among Slinger Bag Inc. and PlaySight Interactive Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2021) 

2.2 
 
 Merger Agreement dated October 6, 2021, by and among Slinger Bag Inc., PlaySight Interactive Ltd., and Rohit Krishnan, in his capacity as Shareholders Representative (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on October 12, 2021) 

2.3 
 
 Addendum to and Amendment to Agreement for the Merger, dated February 16, 2022, by and among Slinger Bag Inc., PlaySight Interactive Ltd., Rohit Krishnan, in his capacity as Shareholders Representative, and SB Merger Sub Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on February 22, 2022) 

2.4 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated September 27, 2021 by and among Slinger Bag Inc., Flixsense Pty Ltd., and selling stockholders of Flixsense Pty Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on September 27, 2021) 

2.5 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated February 2, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on February 8, 2022) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form S-1 (File No. 333-214463), filed with the Commission on November 7, 2016) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Form S-1 (File No. 333-214463), filed with the Commission on November 7, 2016) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Convertible Redeemable Note issued on November 20, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2020) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Convertible Redeemable Note issued on February 11, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2020) 

4.3 
 
 Form of 8 Senior Convertible Notes issued on August 6, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on August 10, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Omnibus Amendment Agreement, dated December 31, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on January 5, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement Dated December 13, 2019 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement Dated December 13, 2019 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2020) 

10.3 
 
 Loan Agreement dated December 11, 2019 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2020) 

10.4 
 
 Loan Agreement dated January 6, 2020 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2020) 

10.5 
 
 Loan Agreement dated March 1, 2020 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2020) 

10.6 
 
 Midcity 12 Promissory Note dated March 16, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2020) 

10.7 
 
 Midcity 12 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 16, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2020) 

10.8 
 
 Midcity 12 Warrant Agreement dated March 16, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2020) 

66 

10.9 
 
 Distribution Agreement with Globeride Inc. dated March 26, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2020) 

10.10 
 
 Loan Agreement dated May 12, 2020 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2020) 

10.11 
 
 Loan Agreement dated July 3, 2020 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2020) 

10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Promissory Note and Loan Agreements dated June 1, 2020 with Montsaic Investments, LLC (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2020) 

10.13 
 
 Loan Agreement dated June 30, 2020 with Montsaic Investments, LLC (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2020) 

10.14 
 
 Loan Agreement dated August 10, 2020 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2020) 

10.15 
 
 Loan Agreement dated September 15, 2020 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2020) 

10.16

Loan Agreement dated November 24, 2020 with 2490585 Ontario Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 14, 2020) 

10.17 
 
 Midcity Capital Bridge Loan Note dated December 24, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2021) 

10.18 
 
 Midcity Capital Bridge Loan Note Extension agreement dated February 2, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 22, 2021) 

10.19 
 
 Distribution Agreement with Planet Sport Sarl dated August 24, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2020) 

10.20 
 
 Distribution Agreement with Sporting Goods Specialist Ltd dated August 25, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2020) 

10.21 
 
 Distribution Agreement with Sports Warehouse Australia Pty Ltd dated September 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2020) 

10.22 
 
 Service Agreement with Yonah Kalfa dated September 7, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2020) 

10.23 
 
 Distribution Agreement with Dunlop (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on September 29, 2020) 

10.24 
 
 Dawson City Trademark Assignment Agreement dated November 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on November 30, 2020) 

10.25 
 
 Slinger Bag Global Share Incentive Plan (2020) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on November 30, 2020) 

10.26 
 
 Service Agreement with Mike Ballardie dated November 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on January 20, 2021) 

10.27 
 
 2,000,000 Secured Term Promissory Note dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

10.28 
 
 Business Loan and Security Agreement dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

67 

10.29 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

10.30 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

10.31 
 
 Intercreditor Agreement dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

10.32 
 
 Warrant Purchase Agreement dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

10.33 
 
 SB Invesco Warrant dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

10.34 
 
 Chessler Holdings Warrant dated April 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on April 21, 2021) 

10.35 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated June 21, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 23, 2021) 

10.36 
 
 Charles Ruddy Service Agreement dated June 21, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 23, 2021) 

10.37 
 
 Jaana Gilbert Service Agreement dated June 21, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 23, 2021) 

10.38 
 
 George Kustas Consulting Agreement dated June 21, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 23, 2021) 

10.39 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement dated July 21, 2021, as amended by First Amendment to Convertible Loan Agreement dated October 7, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2021) 

10.40 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on August 10, 2021) 

10.41 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on August 10, 2021) 

10.42 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on August 10, 2021) 

10.43 
 
 Loan Agreement dated August 4, 2021 with 2622325 Ontario Limited (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on August 10, 2021) 

10.44 
 
 Loan Agreement dated July 23, 2021 with 2622325 Ontario Limited. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on July 30, 2021) 

68 

10.45 
 
 Loan Agreement dated January 14, 2022, by and between Yonah Kalfa and Slinger Bag Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on January 18, 2022) 

10.46 
 
 Loan Agreement dated January 14, 2022, by and between Naftali Kalfa and Slinger Bag Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on January 18, 2022) 

16.1 
 
 Letter Re: Change in Certifying Accountant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report as previously filed on Form 8-K on February 17, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Mac Accounting Group, LLP 

23.2 
 
 Consent of OLAYINKA OYEBOLA CO 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Definition 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

69 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. 

Dated: May 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mike Ballardie 

Mike Ballardie 

Director,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated: May 17, 2023 
 By : 
 /s/
 Mike Ballardie 

Mike Ballardie 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mike
 Ballardie 

Mike Ballardie 
 
 Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer, and Director 
 
 May 17, 2023 

/s/ Tom
 Dye 

Tom Dye 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 May 17, 2023 

/s/ Paul
 McKeown 

Paul McKeown 
 
 Chief
 Business Integration Officer 
 
 May 17, 2023 

/s/ Juda Honickman 

May 17, 2023 
 
 Juda Honickman 
 
 Chief Marketing Officer 

/s/ Mark Radom 

May 17, 2023 
 
 Mark Radom 
 
 General Counsel 

/s/ Yonah Kalfa 

May 17, 2023 
 
 Yonah Kalfa 
 
 Chief
 Innovation Officer and Director 

/s/ Kirk Taylor 

May 17, 2023 
 
 Kirk Taylor 

Director 

70 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of the Registrant as at the date of this Report 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Percentage
 of Voting Securities Owned directly or indirectly by the Registrant 

Slinger
 Bag Americas, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 

Slinger
 Bag Ltd. 
 
 Israel 
 
 100 

Flixsense
 Pty Ltd 
 
 New
 South Wales 
 
 100 

Slinger
 Bag Europe B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 100 

Slinger
 Bag International (UK) Limited 
 
 England 
 
 100 

Slinger
 Bag Canada Inc. 
 
 Ontario 
 
 100 

Foundation
 Sports Systems LLC 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 25 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

From:
 Becca Ritchie becca@macaccountinggroup.com > 

 Subject:
RE: CONNEXA SPORTS TECHNOLOGIES INC 03-30-2023 Form 10-K April 30 2022 Version 10 

 Date:
 May 17, 2023 at 6:51:58 PM GMT+3 

 To:
 Mark Radom mark.radom@slingerbag.com >, Jayme McWidener jayme@macaccountinggroup.com > 

 Cc:
 Michael Pollack mpollack@kbl.com >, Mike Ballardie mike@slingerbag.com > 

Thank
you, Mark. 

You
have our consent to file your 4/30/2022 Form 10-K with the SEC. 

Becca
Ritchie, CPA 

 Partner 

Mac
Accounting Group CPAs, LLP 

 Cell:
585.749.7714 

 Email:
 becca@macaccountinggroup.com 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

From:
 olayinka oyebola olayinka_oyebola@hotmail.com > 

 Subject:
Re: Connexa 10-K audit - consent to file 

 Date:
 May 17, 2023 at 8:26:52 PM GMT+3 

 To:
 Mark Radom mark.radom@slingerbag.com > 

Dear
Mark 

 We
hereby give concent to file Connexa 10-K 

 Regards 

 Olayinka
Oyebola Co. 

Get
 Outlook for Android 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 Under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

I,
Mike Ballardie, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 17, 2023 

/s/
 Mike Ballardie 

Mike
 Ballardie 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 

 Under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

I,
Mike Ballardie, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 17, 2023 

/s/
 Mike Ballardie 

Mike
 Ballardie 

Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report (the Report of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (the Company on Form
10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Mike Ballardie, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
May 17, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Mike Ballardie 

Mike
 Ballardie 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report (the Report of Connexa Sports Technologies Inc. (the Company on Form
10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Paul McKeown, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
May 17, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Mike Ballardie 

Mike
 Ballardie 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 cnxa-20220430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 cnxa-20220430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 cnxa-20220430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 cnxa-20220430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

