<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230426_10-K_edgar_data_1849635_0001193125-23-116102.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4404454</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319951</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>853790</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1084471</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1067715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>987608</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-116102.hdr.sgml : 20230426
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230425214919
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-116102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230426
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230425

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digital World Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				854293042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40779
		FILM NUMBER:		23846605

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5910 PACIFIC CENTER BLVD., SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8582005871

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5910 PACIFIC CENTER BLVD., SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-116102.txt : 20230426

10-K
 1
 d474123d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

to 

 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

., #450 

Miami, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class:

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b)
 . 
 The aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market was . 

As of April 24, 202

 3, there wer
 e s
 hares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 

5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 

28 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

31 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 

31 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 

31 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

32 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

33 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

34 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

34 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

37 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

37 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

37 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedure. 

38 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 

39 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

39 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

40 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 

45 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

45 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

46 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

48 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

50 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary. 

50 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, such as the TMTG Business Combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a liquid market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

anchor investors are to (i) accounts or funds managed by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., (ii) Meteora Capital Partners, LP (an affiliate of Glazer Capital LLC), (iii) Castle Creek Strategies (and sub-funds associated with Castle Creek), (iv) The K2 Principal Fund L.P., (v) Context Partners Master Fund LP, (vi) Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP (or its affiliate Boothbay Diversified Alpha Master Fund LP, commonly controlled by Boothbay Fund Management LLC), (vii) investment funds and accounts managed by Shaolin Capital Management, LLC, (viii) Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. and/ 
 1 

Table of Contents 

or its affiliates, (ix) Saba Capital Master Fund, Ltd., Saba Capital Master Fund II, Ltd., Saba Capital Master Fund III, LP and Saba Capital SPAC Opportunities, Ltd., (x) D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. and (xi) Yakira Capital Management, Inc. (none of which are affiliated with any member of our management, our sponsor or any other anchor investor), each of which entered into an Investment Agreement pursuant to which it expressed an interest to purchase up to 8.3 of the units sold in our initial public offering; 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Class A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Closing are to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as defined below); 

Combination Period are to the period from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to June 8, 2023 that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

common stock are to the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock; 

Company, Digital World, DWAC, we or us are to Digital World Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Effective Time are to the effective time of the Merger (as defined below) in accordance with the Merger Agreement; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension are to the extension of the deadline by which the Company must complete its business combination; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

founder shares are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor (as defined below) in the private placement (as defined below) and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below)); 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on September 8, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees), not including the anchor investors who purchase units in the offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Marcum are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

Merger are to the merger of Merger Sub (as defined below) with and into TMTG (as defined below), with TMTG continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement; 

Merger Agreement are to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 20, 2021, entered by and among the Company, Merger Sub, TMTG, and other parties named therein, as amended on May 11, 2022; 

Merger Sub are to DWAC Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; 

Outside Date are to September 20, 2022, which was extended to June 8, 2023 as a result of the Extensions; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

PIPE Investment are to that certain private placement in the aggregate amount of approximately 1,000,000,000, to be consummated concurrently with the TMTG Business Combination (as defined below), pursuant to those certain securities purchase agreements (the SPA with certain institutional investors (the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 1,000 per share (the PIPE ). The shares are initially convertible into 29,761,905 shares of common stock, subject to upward adjustment as described herein. Pursuant to the SPA, each of the PIPE Investors may terminate its respective SPA, among other things, if the closing of the PIPE has not occurred on or prior to September 20, 2022. As a result, the Company received termination notices from certain PIPE Investors, who originally agreed to purchase up to 251,500 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; 

placement shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor, with each placement unit consisting of one placement share and one-half of one placement warrant; 

placement warrants are to the warrants included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

private placement are to the private placement of 1,133,484 placement units that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

public warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or purchased in the open market); 

Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on May 26, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on September 2, 2021 (File No. 333-256472); 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

representative are to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, who was the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

representative shares are to the 143,750 shares of our Class A common stock issued to the representative and/or its designees at the closing of our initial public offering; 

S-4 Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 initially filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022 (File No. 333-264965); 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

sponsor are to ARC Global Investments II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

TMTG are to Trump Media Technology Group Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

TMTG Stock are to shares of TMTG common stock; 

TMTG Stockholders are to holders of TMTG Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time; 

TMTG Business Combination or the Transactions are to the Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account which was established by the Company at the initial public offering and had an amount of 300,330,651 as of December 31, 2022; 

underwriters are to the underwriters of our initial public offering, for which the representative is acting as representative; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-half of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants and any warrants issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (as defined below); and 

Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation, whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination. Initial Public Offering On September 8, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 28,750,000 units, including 3,750,000 units issued to the underwriters upon full exercise of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 287,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 1,133,484 placement units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 11,334,840. A total of 293,250,000, comprised of 283,906,250 of the proceeds from the initial public offering (which amount includes 10,062,500 of the underwriters deferred discount) and 9,343,750 of the proceeds of the sale of the placement units was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Eric Swider, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and director. We must complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions. If our initial business combination is not consummated during the Combination Period, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account after deduction from the interest earned thereon amounts to pay tax obligations and up to 100,000 that may be used for our dissolution expenses. TMTG Business Combination Merger and PIPE Agreements As previously announced, we entered into the Merger Agreement on October 20, 2021, and an amendment to the Merger Agreement on May 11, 2022. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, to effect the TMTG Business Combination. On December 4, 2021, in support of the TMTG Business Combination, Digital World entered into SPAs with certain PIPE Investors, pursuant to which the investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, for a purchase price of 1,000 per share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, for an aggregate commitment of 1,000,000,000 in a PIPE to be consummated concurrently with the closing of the TMTG Business Combination. The shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock have an initial conversion price per share of 33.60 and are initially convertible into an aggregate of 29,761,905 shares of common stock (subject to downward adjustment). The price is subject to further downward adjustment to a 40 discount to Digital World s volume-weighted average closing price for the ten trading days following the day of the TMTG Business Combination, with a floor price of 10.00. The closing of the PIPE is conditioned on the closing of the TMTG Business Combination, effectiveness of an initial resale registration statement (the Initial Resale Registration Statement and other closing conditions. The PIPE Investors are also entitled to certain registration rights under a Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which Digital World is required to file an Initial Resale Registration Statement for all of the shares of 
 5 

Table of Contents 

common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by the PIPE Investors within 10 days following the filing of the Form S-4. The Registration Rights Agreement also provides that such Initial Resale Registration Statement shall be declared effective as of the closing date of the TMTG Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions, including, but not limited to, that in the event that Digital World has cleared all SEC comments on the Initial Resale Registration Statement but the Initial Resale Registration Statement is not permitted to be declared effective as of the date of the closing of the TMTG Business Combination, the effectiveness date of the Initial Resale Registration Statement may be postponed to the earliest date following the closing of the TMTG Business Combination that the SEC will permit. Thereafter, the combined entity will be required to register and to maintain the registration for all shares underlying the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock until the effective date of the TMTG Business Combination. In connection with the PIPE and in accordance with Section 4.3(b)(ii) of DWAC s charter, the sponsor, as majority holder of DWAC s Class B common stock, waived certain anti-dilution rights of the holders of Class B common stock (the Class B Holders to any increase in the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock. In exchange for such waiver, and in the event that the transactions contemplated by the SPAs are consummated in accordance with their terms, the Class B Holders will be entitled to receive (i) an aggregate of 744,048 shares of Class A common stock (the Anti-dilution Shares and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 744,048 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price per share of 33.60 for a term of five years. The warrants shall otherwise have terms, including but not limited to registration rights, that are substantially identical to the warrants previously issued to the Class B Holders and shall not contain any anti-dilution or reset provisions, except for standard adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events. For more information about the PIPE and the terms of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021, and the proxy statement/prospectus included in the Form S-4 filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022, as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time. Status of TMTG Business Combination and PIPE The Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions which must be satisfied or waived in order to complete the TMTG Business Combination and the Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time, even prior to the Extensions, under certain customary and limited circumstances, including among other reasons, (i) by mutual consent of TMTG and Digital World, (ii) by either Digital World or TMTG if any of the conditions to the closing of the TMTG Business Combination have not been satisfied or waived by the Outside Date, provided that Digital World may extend the Outside Date if it obtains one or more extensions of the time it has to consummate its initial business combination, and provided further that this termination right shall not be available to Digital World or TMTG if the breach by such party (i.e., either Digital World or DWAC Merger Sub Inc. on one hand, or TMTG, on the other hand) of the Merger Agreement was the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the closing of the TMTG Business Combination to occur on or before the Outside Date, (iii) by either Digital World or TMTG if a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting, or if any law is in effect making illegal, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (iv) by either Digital World or TMTG for the other party s uncured breach (subject to certain materiality qualifiers and cure periods), (v) by Digital World if there has been an event after the signing of the Merger Agreement that has a material adverse effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement) on TMTG (but excluding a qualifying settlement of certain litigation in which TMTG is involved) that is uncured and continuing, (vi) by TMTG if there has been an event after the signing of the Merger Agreement that has a material adverse effect on Digital World that is uncured and continuing, (vii) by either Digital World or TMTG if approval for the TMTG Business Combination and the other required stockholder proposals are not obtained at the Digital World s special meeting of stockholders to approve the TMTG Business Combination, (viii) by either Digital World or TMTG if a special meeting of TMTG s stockholders is held and TMTG s stockholder shall not have approved the Merger Agreement and the TMTG Business Combination and 
 6 

Table of Contents 

related matters and (ix) by the mutual and reasonable written consent of Digital World and TMTG in the event that that any required approval of the SEC or any other governmental authority cannot be obtained by the Outside Date, as such date may be extended. In addition, the SPAs may be terminated, under certain circumstances, among others, upon the earlier to occur of (a) the mutual written agreement of the parties thereto, and (b) the termination (for any reason) of the Merger Agreement by any party to the same, or if the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated by the Outside Date. The Company have received termination notices from certain PIPE Investors, who originally agreed to purchase up to 251,500 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Unless extended, the Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with its terms, including by either Digital World or TMTG after September 20, 2022 (or after December 20, 2022 if extended by Digital World following the implementation of the Extension), and the shareholders may not have the chance to vote on the TMTG Business Combination if the Merger Agreement is terminated beforehand. Additionally, the SPAs with the PIPE Investors may be terminated by the PIPE Investors any time after September 20, 2022 if the TMTG Business Combination has not been consummated by such date. Furthermore, unless waived by the parties, the Company is required to file and obtain effectiveness of the Initial Resale Registration Statement on or before the closing of the TMTG Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. The Initial Resale Registration Statement was filed on May 27, 2022 and has not been declared effective by the SEC. Digital World believes that the SEC will not declare the Initial Resale Registration Statement effective until after the closing date of the TMTG Business Combination, and in order to close the PIPE as currently contemplated by the SPAs, the PIPE Investors have to waive the closing condition that requires effectiveness of the Initial Resale Registration Statement as of the closing date of the TMTG Business Combination. The closing of the PIPE is conditioned on the closing of the TMTG Business Combination, effectiveness of an Initial Resale Registration Statement and other closing conditions. It is possible that the parties will restructure the PIPE or renegotiate such arrangements in view of the PIPE closing conditions, evolving market and regulatory conditions. We do not have an estimate as to when any such renegotiation or amendment to the existing PIPE arrangements will be concluded. There is no assurance that such terms can be renegotiated on favorable terms, if at all. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, TMTG is not required to consummate the TMTG Business Combination if the Company does not have at least 60,000,000 in available cash (including proceeds in connection with any private placement or any other alternative financing arrangement mutually agreed upon by the parties and prior to giving effect to the payment of unpaid expenses and liabilities) immediately prior to the consummation of the TMTG Business Combination (after taking into account payments required to satisfy redemptions by the Company s stockholders) (the Minimum Cash Condition ). There can be no assurance that we can sustain sufficient PIPE commitments to meet this Minimum Cash Condition or secure an alternative financing transaction to support the TMTG Business Combination, or that we will find an alternative target if we are unable to consummate the TMTG Business Combination. For more information about the TMTG Business Combination and the PIPE, see our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021, October 21, 2021, October 26, 2021 and May 17, 2022, the proxy statement/prospectus included in the Form S-4 filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022, as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and the definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on August 25, 2022. Regulatory Approvals/Investigations We are the subject of an investigation by the SEC pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Securities Act, with respect to the Form S-4 relating to the TMTG Business Combination. We and certain of our directors received subpoenas from the SEC seeking various documents regarding, among other things, our due diligence regarding TMTG, communications regarding and due diligence of potential targets other than TMTG, and relationships and communications between and among us (and/or certain of our officers and directors) and other entities (including 
 7 

Table of Contents 

the sponsor and certain advisors, including our underwriter and financial advisor in the IPO). In addition, we and each member of our Board received grand jury subpoenas seeking certain of the same documents demanded in the above-referenced SEC subpoenas, along with requests relating to our S-1 filings, communications with or about multiple individuals, and information regarding Rocket One Capital. These subpoenas, and the underlying investigations by the Department of Justice and the SEC, can be expected to delay effectiveness of the Form S-4, which could materially delay, materially impede, or prevent the consummation of the TMTG Business Combination. Additionally, any resolution of the investigation could result in the imposition of significant penalties, injunctions, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, damage to our reputation and other sanctions against us. Additionally, we are not aware of any material regulatory approvals or actions that are required for completion of the TMTG Business Combination other than the approvals from the SEC and Nasdaq, as well as the expiration or early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, which has occurred. It is presently contemplated that if any such additional regulatory approvals or actions are required, those approvals or actions will be sought. There can be no assurance, however, that any additional approvals or actions will be obtained. This includes any potential review by a U.S. government entity, such as Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), on account of certain foreign ownership restrictions on U.S. businesses. CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. The scope of CFIUS was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subject certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. Patrick Orlando, the Company s director and former Chief Executive Officer and a U.S. citizen, is the sole managing member of the sponsor. Other members of the sponsor include certain officers and directors of the Company. The sponsor is not controlled by a non-U.S. person. To the best of the Company s knowledge, other than the members holding an approximate 17.2 minority interest in the sponsor, the sponsor does not have substantial ties with any non-U.S. persons. Approximately 82.8 of the total allocated membership interests in the sponsor are owned by U.S. persons on a look-through basis, and, to the best of our knowledge, none of the sponsor members who are U.S. persons have substantial ties with non-U.S. persons on a look-through basis. Of the approximately 17.2 of interests in the sponsor owned by non-U.S. persons on a look-through basis, approximately 8.0 of interests are owned by persons in Guatemala, approximately 4.4 of interests are owned by persons in El Salvador, approximately 4.2 of interests are owned by persons in Brazil, approximately 0.5 of interests are owned by persons in Peru and approximately 0.1 of interests are owned by persons in Mexico. The sponsor is expected to own no more than 8.1 of the combined company following the TMTG Business Combination. We do not believe that either we or our sponsor constitute a foreign person under CFIUS rules and regulations. However, if CFIUS considers us to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations and TMTG a U.S. business that may affect national security, we could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS review. If the TMTG Business Combination falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may be unable to consummate the TMTG Business Combination. In addition, if the TMTG Business Combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the TMTG Business Combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the TMTG Business Combination. Although we do not believe we are a foreign person, CFIUS may take a different view and decide to block or delay the TMTG Business Combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to the TMTG Business Combination, order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined 
 8 

Table of Contents 

company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, or impose penalties if CFIUS believes that the mandatory notification requirement applied. Additionally, the laws and regulations of other U.S. government entities may impose review or approval procedures on account of any foreign ownership by the sponsor. If we were to seek an initial business combination other than the TMTG Business Combination, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited as a result of any such regulatory restriction. Moreover, the process of any government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete the TMTG Business Combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.45 per share (which represents the amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2021 before deduction of any payment of tax obligations or up to 100,000 to be used for liquidation expenses from interest earned on the funds in the trust account), and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause our stockholders to lose any potential investment opportunity in TMTG and the chance of realizing future gains on their investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. On November 22, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders. At the meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Extension Amendment extending, upon the request of the Sponsor and approval by the Board, the period of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months, for an aggregate of 12 additional months (which is from September 8, 2022 up to September 8, 2023). On February 22, 2023, we received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company has not paid certain fees required by Listing Rule 5250(f) and that the Company will be delisted unless it appeals this determination. On March 28, 2023, the Company paid the required fees and received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company is in compliance with all applicable listing standards. Our Search for Business Combination Opportunities To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, as well as activities related to our initial public offering and investigating potential business combinations. As of the date of this Report, the Company anticipates that the TMTG Business Combination will be consummated on or before the Outside Date. While we have entered into a Merger Agreement with TMTG, in the event we are unable to consummate the TMTG Business Combination, we will continue to pursue a business combination. Business Strategy While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic location, in the event the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, we intend to focus our search on middle market and emerging growth technology-focused companies in the Americas, in SaaS and technology or FinTech and Financial Services. Most of these companies will ultimately need to consolidate to achieve the scale necessary to attain high revenue growth and attractive profitability. We believe that acquiring a leading emerging growth technology company will provide a platform to fund consolidation and fuel growth for our company. Segments we might explore include, but are not limited to, technology and technologically enabled industrial, supply chain, logistics, vehicles, security and manufacturing businesses. There is no restriction in the geographic location of targets we can pursue, although we intend to initially prioritize the Americas as the geographical focus. Competitive Advantages In the event the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, we intend to capitalize on the following competitive advantages in our pursuit of a target company: 

Established Deal Sourcing Network. We believe the strong track record of our management team and financial advisor will enable us to get access to quality deal pipeline. In addition, we believe we, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

through our management team and financial advisor, have contacts and sources from which to generate acquisition opportunities and possibly seek complementary follow-on business arrangements. These contacts and sources include those in government, private and public companies, private equity and venture capital funds, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants. 

Status as a Publicly Listed Acquisition Company . We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses, such as TMTG. As a publicly listed company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering process. We believe that some target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution, than the traditional initial public offering process. During an initial public offering, there are typically underwriting fees and marketing expenses, which would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our stockholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe our target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs. Industry Opportunity While we may acquire a business in any industry, in the event the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, our focus will be in the industries referenced above. We believe that our target industries are attractive for a number of reasons: SaaS and Technology We believe we are currently in the midst of a secular shift in the SaaS sub-segment of the technology industry, which is driving rapid growth in both annual spending and the number of actionable acquisition targets requiring a public market solution. This is driven in part by large corporations, which are constantly upgrading legacy technology and expanding their SaaS toolkits. We believe another major driver are new corporations which heavily rely in SaaS solutions given their cost-efficiency and scalability. Specifically, we see great opportunity in companies that are constantly evolving. Private technology companies are fundamentally changing the world at an unprecedented pace by establishing new markets, creating new experiences and disrupting legacy industries. Key technological advances and practices, such as cloud computing, data analytics and intelligence platforms, open-source software development, developer-focused software tools, and software-defined networking, storage and computing, are allowing technology companies to rapidly effect change in every major sector of the global economy. Agile private technology companies have embraced these advances and practices to create business models and address market needs that will enable them to reach significant financial scale and create stockholder value. FinTech and Financial Services The FinTech landscape has matured from a niche venture market to an expansive global industry comprised of numerous large-scale institutionalized businesses that consistently experience strong growth in revenue and profits. FinTech adoption by both consumers and businesses continues to benefit from robust secular tailwinds including the growth in digital commerce, the proliferation of mobile technology, the ubiquitous acceptance of digital payments, and continuous technological advancement, positioning the sector for long-term growth. In 2019, the EY Global FinTech Adoption Index estimated that 64 of digitally active consumers globally utilized FinTech products and that consumer awareness of FinTech is even higher. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The number of technology company initial public offerings has also diminished. An average of 159 technology companies went public each year during the 1990s, according to the research firm Deal Logic. Since 2010, however, that yearly average plummeted to only 38, a 76 drop. That smaller initial public offering market has also been predominantly focused on so-called unicorn companies (meaning start-up, typically VC-backed companies, often focused on technology, with valuations of over 1 billion). The median market capitalization of a venture-backed initial public offering was about 660 million in 2012; in 2017 it was 1.1 billion, based on data from the University of Florida. We believe this means that very promising, but non-unicorn companies (such as we will likely target for our initial business combination) are in many instances missing out on the ability to do a traditional initial public offering. Our management team believes that these factors present an intriguing paradox: a growing number of new companies have attracted more private capital. Yet once they flourish, they have a narrower exit route. In addition, that exit route is often reserved for larger companies, a substantial disadvantage for smaller private technology companies. Ultimately, we believe this same paradox creates a long-term opportunity for stockholder return via an initial business combination with a smaller, high-performing private technology company or companies. Additionally, it provides a persuasive argument for such companies to join with us, as we believe they have fewer exit options than presently exist for unicorns. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. In the event the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Target Size : consistent with our investment thesis as described above, we plan to target businesses of total enterprise value from 400 million to 2 billion in the Americas, companies in the SaaS and Technology or Fintech and Financial Services. 

Businesses with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Businesses with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance stockholder value. 

Strong Management . We will seek companies that have strong, experienced management teams in place, or are a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving growth and profitability. We will spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and human fabric, and maximizing its efficiency over time. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company . We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly-traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

Defensible Market Position. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that have a defensible market position, with demonstrated advantages when compared to their competitors and which create barriers to entry against new competitors. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time our management may deem relevant. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Sourcing of Potential Initial Business Combination Targets Certain members of our management team have developed a wide network of professional services contacts and business relationships. The members of our board of directors also have significant executive management and public company experience with technology related companies and bring additional relationships that further broaden our network. This network has provided our management team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. In the event that the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, we believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with an important source of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Members of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or placement units and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. In particular, Patrick Orlando, our director, serves as a director of Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition corporation that initially focuses its search for a business combination with technology-focused middle market and emerging growth companies in North America, which also overlaps with the industry and geographic scope of our search. As of the date of this Report, Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation had not entered into a business combination. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses such as TMTG. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the 
 12 

Table of Contents 

initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have taken advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . Financial Position With funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of 300,330,651 as of December 31, 2022 before payment of 10,062,500 of deferred underwriting fees, before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination (other than deferred underwriting fees), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion 
 13 

Table of Contents 

of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. As in the case of the TMTG Business Combination, we may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Sources of Target Businesses If the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals, as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their affiliates. We may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to 
 14 

Table of Contents 

completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination except as set forth herein. We have agreed to pay Benessere Enterprises Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. On April 5, 2023, we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with Renatus LLC Renatus ), an advisory group owned by Eric Swider, the Interim Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which, the Company agrees to pay Renatus a monthly fee of 15,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support commencing from April 5, 2023 until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. TMTG is not affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, but in the event we do not consummate the TMTG Business Combination, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. In particular, Patrick Orlando, our director, serves as a director of Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition corporation that initially focuses its search for a business combination with technology-focused middle market and emerging growth companies in North America, which also overlaps with the industry and geographic scope of our search. As of the date of this Report, Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation had not entered into a business combination. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of merger and acquisition transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an 
 15 

Table of Contents 

independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will virtually have unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we will own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure shareholders that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective business target, we conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, if the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business, including that of TMTG, when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure shareholders that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure shareholders that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure shareholders that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval of the TMTG Business Combination and, if the TMTG Business Combination is not consummated, of any future proposed initial business combination if it is required by applicable law or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 

Purchase of assets 

No 

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 

No 

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 

No 

Merger of the company with a target 

Yes 
 
 Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, any other initial stockholders, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect that any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination, including the TMTG Business Combination, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our anchor investors have entered into investment agreements with us and our sponsor, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination, as in the case of the TMTG Business Combination, or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. If stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the initial business combination when a quorum is 
 19 

Table of Contents 

present are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares acquired by them (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. Our anchor investors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares and placement shares and our anchor investors founder shares, we would need 837,939, or 2.9 , of the 28,745,952 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. In light of the units purchased by our anchor investors, if the anchor investors vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. However, because our anchor investors are not obligated to continue owning any public shares following the closing and are not obligated to vote any public shares in favor of our initial business combination, we cannot assure shareholders that any of these anchor investors will be stockholders at the time our stockholders vote on our initial business combination, and, if they are stockholders, we cannot assure shareholders as to how such anchor investors will vote on any business combination. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, we will not redeem any public shares unless our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (4,312,500 shares of Class A common stock) (the Excess Shares ). Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker certain fee and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many special purpose acquisition companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If the TMTG Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until the end of the Combination Period. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation initially provided that we would have only 12 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the time for completion as permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) from the closing of our initial public offering to complete our initial business combination. On November 22, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Extension Meeting and stockholders approved to extend, upon the request of the sponsor and approval by the board, the Combination Period up to four times, each by an additional three months, for an aggregate of 12 additional months (which is from September 8, 2022 up to September 8, 2023) or such earlier date as determined by the Board. As of the date of this Report, the end of the Combination Period has been extended to June 8, 2023. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers, and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they will waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares, whether in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 989 of proceeds held outside the trust account, as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure shareholders that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.45. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure shareholders that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.45. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure shareholders that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust 
 23 

Table of Contents 

account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our IPO, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure shareholders that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure shareholders that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure shareholders that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We had access to up to approximately 989 of cash held outside of the trust account, as of December 31, 2022, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 (or a later date if we seek further extensions) may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 (or a later date if we seek further extensions) is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our initial business combination or liquidation and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed 
 25 

Table of Contents 

waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure shareholders we will be able to return 10.45 per share (which represents the amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2021 before deduction of any payment of tax obligations or up to 100,000 to be used for liquidation expenses from interest earned on the funds in the trust account) to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure shareholders that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies (including Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation), private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective 
 26 

Table of Contents 

business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets for our initial business combination, because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure shareholders that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have taken advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, including the TMTG Business Combination, in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses, such as TMTG, may not be realized; 

since our Board approved the Transactions, we have experienced a number of regulatory delays, and we and TMTG may continue to experience additional delays in the future. These delays could cause us to be unable to consummate the Transactions; 

the Company was in the past, and continues to be, subject to inquiries, exams, pending investigations, or enforcement matters. We are cooperating with a FINRA inquiry concerning events (specifically, a review of trading) that preceded the public announcement of the Merger Agreement. We are also cooperating with investigations by the SEC and the Department of Justice. In addition, we and each member of our Board received grand jury subpoenas seeking certain of the same documents demanded in the SEC subpoenas. Any resolution of the inquiry or investigation, as well as proceedings by the SEC, FINRA, or other governmental or regulatory authorities, could result in the imposition of significant fines, penalties, injunctions, prohibitions on the conduct of the Company s business, damage to the Company s reputation and other sanctions against it, including restrictions on its activities; 

the SEC may delay declaring our S-4 Registration Statement effective or disapprove the Transactions and issue a stop order or similar order with respect to the S-4 Registration Statement, which could materially delay or materially impede the consummation of the TMTG Business Combination; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, including the TMTG Business Combination, or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

unless extended, the Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with its terms, including by either Digital World or TMTG after September 20, 2022, the SPAs may be terminated upon the termination of the Merger Agreement, and stockholders not have the chance to vote on the TMTG Business Combination; 

during the pendency of the TMTG Business Combination, Digital World will not be able to enter into a business combination with another party because of restrictions in the Merger Agreement. Furthermore, certain provisions of the Merger Agreement will discourage third parties from submitting alternative takeover proposals, including proposals that may be superior to the arrangements contemplated by the Merger Agreement. There can be no assurance that Digital World will find an alternative target if it is unable to consummate the TMTG Business Combination; 

it is possible that the parties will restructure the PIPE or renegotiate such arrangements in view of the PIPE closing conditions, evolving market and regulatory conditions. There is no assurance that such terms can be renegotiated on favorable terms, if at all, that we will be able to secure an alternative financing transaction to support the TMTG Business Combination, or that we will find an alternative target if we are unable to consummate the TMTG Business Combination; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

the shareholders may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and the shareholders will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack of an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our business combination; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial 
 29 

Table of Contents 

public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.45 per share (which represents the amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2021 before deduction of any payment of tax obligations or up to 100,000 to be used for liquidation expenses from interest earned on the funds in the trust account), or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may at any time instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; 

we may be deemed a foreign person under the regulations relating to CFIUS and our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate; 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and 

we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control 
 30 

Table of Contents 

over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, the TMTG Business Combination and the PIPE, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) Registration Statement, (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022, (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 19, 2022, August 23, 2022, and November 21, 2022, respectively, (iv) S-4 Registration Statement and (v) the definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on August 25, 2022. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. Our executive offices are located at 3109 Grand Ave., #450, Miami, Florida 33133, and our telephone number is (305) 735-1517. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 15,000 per month fee we pay to Benessere Enterprises Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. On April 5, 2023, we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with Renatus, an advisory group owned by Eric Swider, the Interim Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which, the Company agrees to pay Renatus a monthly fee of 15,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support commencing from April 5, 2023 until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. Except as indicated below, to the knowledge of our management team, except as disclosed below, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. We are cooperating with a FINRA inquiry concerning events (specifically, a review of trading) that preceded the public announcement of the Merger Agreement. According to FINRA s request, the inquiry should not be construed as an indication that FINRA has determined that any violations of Nasdaq rules or federal securities laws have occurred, nor as a reflection upon the merits of the securities involved or upon any person who effected transactions in such securities. We are also cooperating with an SEC investigation, including responding to several document requests and subpoenas from the SEC to us and certain of our directors seeking various documents and information regarding, among other things, meetings of our board of directors; communications with and the evaluation of potential targets, including TMTG; communications relating to TMTG; agreements with and payments made to certain advisors; investors, including investor meetings and agreements; the appointment of certain of our officers and directors; policies and procedures relating to trading; and documents sufficient to identify banking, telephone, and email addresses; our due diligence regarding TMTG, communications regarding and due diligence of potential targets other than TMTG; and relationships between and among the Company (and/or certain of the Company s officers and directors) and other entities (including the sponsor and certain advisors, including the 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Company s underwriter and financial advisor in its initial public offering). According to the SEC s request and subpoena, the investigation does not mean that the SEC has concluded that anyone violated the law or that the SEC has a negative opinion of us or any person, entity, or security. Any resolution of the inquiry or investigation, as well as proceedings by the SEC, FINRA, or other governmental or regulatory authorities, could result in the imposition of significant fines, penalties, injunctions, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, damage to our reputation and other sanctions against us, including restrictions on our activities. The SEC also issued an order of examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Securities Act, with respect to the S-4 Registration Statement relating to the Transactions with TMTG, and a further subpoena in support thereof. This subpoena seeks additional documents and information with respect to, among other things, communications regarding and due diligence of potential targets other than TMTG, relationships between and among the Company (and/or certain of the Company s officers and directors) and other entities (including the sponsor) and certain advisors, including the Company s underwriter and financial advisor in its initial public offering), the holders of ownership interests in the sponsor, certain elements of the transaction history for equity in the sponsor, and certain forward-looking information about TMTG referenced in the S-4 Registration Statement. Any resolution of the investigation could result in the imposition of significant penalties, injunctions, prohibitions on the conduct of the Company s business, damage to its reputation and other sanctions against the Company. In addition, the Section 8(e) order of examination of the S-4 Registration Statement can be expected to delay effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement, which could materially delay, materially impede, or prevent the consummation of the Transactions. In addition, the Company and each member of its board of directors received grand jury subpoenas seeking certain of the same documents demanded in the above-referenced SEC subpoenas, along with requests relating to the Company s S-1 filings, communications with or about multiple individuals, and information regarding Rocket One Capital. The Company has been informed that on June 27, 2022 TMTG received a subpoena from the SEC seeking documents relating to, among other things, the Company and other potential counterparties for a business transaction involving TMTG. The Company has also been informed that on June 30, 2022, TMTG was served with a subpoena, issued by a federal grand jury sitting in the Southern District of New York, seeking a subset of the same or similar documents demanded in subpoenas to the Company and its directors. Certain current and former TMTG personnel have also recently received individual grand jury subpoenas. These subpoenas, and the underlying investigations by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice, can be expected to delay effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement, which could materially delay, materially impede, or prevent the consummation of the Transactions. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information Our units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols DWACU, DWAC and DWACW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on September 3, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on September 30, 2021. (b) Holders On April 17, 2023, there were 9 holders of record of our units, 100 holders of record of shares of our Class A common stock 24 holders of record of shares of our Class B common stock and 28 holders of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. (f) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. (g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers On November 22, 2022, we held the Extension Meeting and our stockholders approved, among other things, an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the period of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months, for an aggregate of 12 additional months (which is from September 8, 2022 up to September 8, 2023) or such earlier date as determined by the Board. In connection with the Extension Meeting, stockholders holding 5,658 public shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in our trust account. As a result, approximately 58,916 (approximately 10.41 per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such holders. Following redemptions, we have 28,745,952 public shares outstanding. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

The following table contains monthly information about the repurchases of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 (a) Total number of shares (or units) purchased 

(b) Average price paid per share (or unit) 

(c) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 

(d) Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

October 1 October 31, 2022 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

5,658 

10.41 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on December 11, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. Recent Development On October 20, 2021, we entered into a Merger Agreement with Merger Sub, TMTG, our sponsor, in the capacity as our representative for certain stockholders, and TMTG s Chief Legal Officer, in the capacity as the representative for stockholders of TMTG. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) upon the Closing, Merger Sub will merge with and into TMTG, with TMTG continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In the Merger, (i) all shares of TMTG Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than those properly exercising any applicable dissenters rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the Merger consideration; (ii) each outstanding option to acquire shares of TMTG Stock (whether vested or unvested) will be assumed by the Company and automatically converted into an option to acquire shares of the Company s common stock, with its price and number of shares equitably adjusted based on the conversion ratio of the shares of TMTG Stock into the Merger consideration and (iii) each outstanding restricted stock unit of TMTG shall be converted into a restricted stock unit relating to shares of the Company s common stock. At the Closing, the Company will change its name to Trump Media Technology Group Corp. Consummation of the TMTG Business Combination is subject to customary conditions of the respective parties, including regulatory approval and the approval of the Merger by our stockholders in accordance with our 
 34 

Table of Contents 

amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the completion of a redemption offer whereby we will be providing our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of our Class A common stock for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in our trust account. The Merger Agreement can be terminated by either party if any of the closing conditions have not been satisfied or waived by September 20, 2022, which has been extended to June 8, 2023 (the Outside Date ), provided that the Company shall have the right to extend the Outside Date if it obtains an extension of the deadline by which it must complete its business combination (an Extension for the shortest of (i) three months, (ii) the period ending on the last day for the Company to consummate a business combination after such Extension and (iii) such period as determined by the Company. On December 4, 2021, in support of the TMTG Business Combination, the Company entered into certain SPAs with certain PIPE Investors, pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 1,000 per share for an aggregate commitment of up to 1,000,000,000 in a PIPE to be consummated concurrently with the TMTG Business Combination. The shares are currently convertible into 29,761,905 shares of the Company s common stock, subject to upward adjustment. The PIPE is conditioned on the concurrent closing of the TMTG Business Combination and other customary closing conditions and is terminable by the PIPE Investors if the TMTG Business Combination has not closed by the Outside Date. Pursuant to the SPA, each of the PIPE Investors may terminate its respective SPA, among other things, if the closing of the PIPE has not occurred on or prior to September 20, 2022. As a result, the Company received termination notices from certain PIPE Investors, who originally agreed to purchase up to 251,500 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. For more information on the TMTG Business Combination and the PIPE Investment, see Item 1. Business. As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, on December 31, 2022, we had approximately 989 in cash. We have incurred and continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure shareholders that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering and the search for targets for our initial business combination, including the proposed Merger with TMTG. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence in connection with our search for targets for our initial business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 15,221,263, which consists of formation and operating expenses of 18,499,257 and income taxes of 979,475, partially offset by income on the trust assets of 4,257,469. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 1,391,593, which consists primarily of formation and operating expenses. Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations Our results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, the pending legal proceedings against us, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the 
 35 

Table of Contents 

ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation of the initial public offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of Class B common stock by our sponsor and loans from our sponsor. On September 8, 2021, we consummated the initial public offering of 28,750,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 1,133,484 placement units at a price of 10.00 per placement unit in a private placement to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 11,334,840. Following the initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, a total of 293,250,000 was placed in a U.S.-based trust account, maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. We incurred 15,668,029 in transaction costs, including 3,593,750 of underwriting fees, 10,062,500 of deferred underwriting fees, fair value of representative shares of 1,437,500 and 574,279 of other offering costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,378,277, which was primarily comprised of a net loss of 15,221,263 and income on the trust assets of 4,257,469, partially offset by a net change in operating liabilities of 8,100,455. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,114,081 and was primarily comprised of a net loss of 1,391,593. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 300,330,651 held in the trust account. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. On April 21, 2023, the Company issued two promissory notes (one for 625,700 and the other for 500,000) in the aggregate principal amount of 1,125,700 to the sponsor to pay costs and expenses in connection with completing an initial business combination. Each of the two notes bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. At the election of the sponsor and subject to certain conditions, all of the unpaid principal amount of each of the two notes may be converted into units of the Company (the Conversion Units immediately prior to the consummation of an initial business combination with the total Conversion Units so issued equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the respective note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The issuances of the two notes were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 989 outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to complete the TMTG Business Combination, or if the TMTG Business is not consummated, identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Account Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern as stated above, the Company has until June 8, 2023 (or up to September 8, 2023 if the Company extends the maximum time to complete a Business Combination) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Additionally, the Company has incurred and expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. As a result, these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the Working Capital Loans, and each of Renatus and an affiliate of our sponsor a monthly fee of 15,000 for office space, administrative and support services to us. We will incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or 10,062,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of common stock are classified as stockholders equity. Our shares of Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our condensed interim balance sheets. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . Derivative instruments are initially recorded at fair value on the grant date and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The Company accounts for the warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. The Company has determined that the warrants qualify for equity treatment in the Company s financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-22 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers ), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report, due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting existed relating to accounting for accruals. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 
 38 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting existed relating to accounting for accruals. To address this material weakness, we are assessing our resource needs as well as roles and responsibilities with a particular focus on accounting and financial reporting staff and will make changes as needed, but we can offer no assurance that our controls will not require additional review and modification in the future as industry accounting practice may evolve over time. This Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 

Eric Swider 

50 

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Katherine Chiles 

42 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Alexander Cano 

49 

President and Secretary 
 
 Frank Andrews 

48 

Non-Executive Chairman and Director 
 
 Patrick Orlando 

50 

Director 
 
 Edward Preble 

50 

Director 
 
 Jeffrey Smith 

49 

Director 
 The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Eric Swider has served as our Interim Chief Executive Officer since March 2023 and as a director since September 2021. Mr. Swider has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of RUBIDEX since January 2020, a start-up company focusing on data security. From February 2021 to October 2022, Mr. Swider served as a director of Benessere Capital Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company. Mr. Swider founded Renatus Advisors and has been serving as the Partner of Renatus LLC since June 2016, where he is responsible for FEMA grant management and government advisory services. From September 2016 to January 2018, Mr. Swider served as the Managing Director of Great Bay Global where he oversaw the launch of a new business division focused on investing in alternative strategies. From December 2014 to June 2016, Mr. Swider served as the Managing Director of OHorizons Global, where he oversaw expansion of a new investment team and was responsible for working on a global basis to expand its client base and investment portfolio. From February 2010 to December 2015, Mr. Swider served as the Managing Director of Oceano Beach Resorts, where he was responsible for growing its new property and resort management group. Mr. Swider received his education in Mechanics Engineering and Nuclear Science Studies at US Naval Engineering and Nuclear A Schools, an intensive two-year program studying nuclear physics, heat transfer and fluid flow, advanced mathematical practices and engineering principles. We believe Mr. Swider is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive experience in investment and corporate management. Katherine Chiles has served as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2023. She has experience in financial consolidations, financial statement preparation and analysis, financial planning and reporting (U.S. GAAP IFRS), financial system implementation and administration, all aspects of accounts payable and accounts receivable, and payroll. She worked as a financial analyst in a contract position for both ACTAVO, an infrastructure company servicing Ireland, the UK and the global events industry, from October 2017 to August 2018, and Fisher Phillips, a national labor and employment firm, from September 2016 to February 2017, where she was responsible for designing and automating financial reporting, ad hoc reporting, budgeting, forecasting, and projections. Prior to that, Ms. Chiles served as Director of Financial Operations for Battaglia Law Office, a law firm, from 2011 to 2015, where she managed all daily financial operations of the firm. From 2007 to 2011, Ms. Chiles worked as a senior financial analyst for Total System Services, a global payment solutions provider. Prior to that, Ms. Chiles held positions with ING Americas, a global financial institution, from April 2005 to May 2006, ProxyMed Inc., an electronic healthcare transaction processing services company, from August 2003 to March 2005, and OuterBounds Technologies, a software development company, from March 2003 to July 2003. Ms. Chiles graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Auburn University at Montgomery. Alexander Cano has served as our President and Secretary since April 2023. He has served as the Chief Operating Officer for Benessere Investment Group, an investment company, since June 2021 and is responsible for the daily operations of the firm and contributed to the development of the firm s corporate strategy, as well as services to multiple special purpose acquisition companies. Prior to that, Mr. Cano held the position of Vice 
 40 

Table of Contents 

President, Business Development Sales Strategy for Global Media Fusion, an innovative global media agency, from October 2020 to June 2021, where he was responsible for driving revenue by connecting powerful brands with globally syndicated television sponsorships. From October 2018 through December 2019, Mr. Cano served as the General Manager for the Home Equity division of Bankrate, a consumer financial services company. Prior to Bankrate, Mr. Cano was a negotiation consultant with The Gap Partnership, a negotiation consultancy, from October 2016 to October 2018. Mr. Cano spent the first half of his career in media companies, such as Sony Pictures Television International from 2003 to 2005, HBO from 2005 to 2008, TiVo from 2008 to 2010 and DIRECTV from 2010 to 2014. Mr. Cano received his B.S.B.A. in Finance from American University in Washington D.C. Frank Andrews has served as our director since January 2023. He has been an independent media consultant since August 2004, and he has worked with many performing artists in the media space. He has been the founder of My Creative Waves Corp., a strategic consultancy offering guidance to drastically improve consumer experiences for both digital and traditional media for major consumer brands such as Macy s, since 2014. He began his career working on Fortune 500 brands advertising campaigns with a subsequent focus as a producer on product videos, industrial productions and live international trade shows for brands, such as Canon and Sony, with featured artists like Cindy Lauper. Mr. Andrews received a Bachelor of Science Business Administration from University of Central Florida, with an MFA candidacy in Film Television Production from The Savannah College of Art Design. We believe Mr. Andrews is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive experience in the media industry and business management. Patrick Orlando has served as our director since September 2021 and was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from September 2021 to March 2023. Mr. Orlando has been serving as Special Advisor for BurTech Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: BRKH), a special purpose acquisition corporation, and Nubia Brand International Corp. (Nasdaq: NUBI), a special purpose acquisition corporation, since December 2021 and January 2022, respectively. He has also been serving as Director and Special Advisor of Maquia Capital Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: MAQC), a special purpose acquisition corporation, since May 2021, as well as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Benessere Capital Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: BENE), a special purpose acquisition corporation, since September 2020. In addition, he also served as Chief Executive Officer of Yunhong International (Nasdaq: ZGYH), a publicly listed special acquisition purpose corporation, since January 2020. Mr. Orlando is Chief Executive Officer of Benessere Capital, LLC, an investment consulting and investment banking firm he founded in Miami in October 2012. At Benessere Capital, LLC, he has advised on fundraising, capital deployment, mergers and acquisitions, private placements, and products marketing. From March 2014 to August 2018, Mr. Orlando also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Sucro Can Sourcing LLC, a sugar trading company he co-founded, where he managed all financial matters including insurance and banking relationships. From November 2014 to August 2018, Mr. Orlando served as the Vice President of Sucro Can International LLC, a sugar processing company, where he focused on finance and processing technology. From March 2011 to March 2014, Mr. Orlando served as the Managing Director and the Head of Structuring and Derivatives of BT Capital Markets, LLC, a boutique investment bank in Miami, Florida, where he was involved in managing global derivatives and structuring activities. From September 2006 to March 2011, Mr. Orlando served in roles including Chief Technical Officer and Director of Pure Biofuels Corporation, a renewable fuel corporation headquartered in Houston, Texas with operations in Peru. From April 1998 to December 2003, Mr. Orlando served as the Director of Emerging Markets Fixed Income Derivatives of Deutsche Bank. Mr. Orlando earned degrees in Mechanical Engineering and Management Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. We believe that Mr. Orlando is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive investing, science and engineering experience and in particular his experience as Chief Executive Officer and board member of other special purpose acquisition companies. Edward Preble has served as our director since January 2023. He has been the founder and President of Alpamayo CPG and Private Label, a global sales consultancy, since January 2022. He was the head of internationals sales for Crider Foods, a value poultry company, from January 2017 to January 2022. Mr. Preble worked as a Global Private Wealth Manager for Merrill Lynch, an investment management and wealth management company, from February 2006 to March 2009. Mr. Preble began his career in 2001 as an 
 41 

Table of Contents 

International Advisor for Morgan Stanley and worked directly with institutional and ultra-high net worth families. He is a member of Southeast United States Trade Organization, and USA Poultry. Mr. Preble received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Finance and a Corporate Master s Degree in Business Administration from Florida International University. We believe Mr. Preble is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive experience in investment management and business operations. Jeffrey Smith has served as our director since April 2023. Mr. Smith has been the founder and Managing Attorney for LawVisory, a law firm serving registered investment advisers, financial institutions, family offices, issuers, investment funds and businesses with their securities, regulatory, compliance, corporate, tax, litigation, arbitration, contracts, digital assets, and merger and acquisition legal needs, since December 2005. Mr. Smith has also been the Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Legal Officer of North Rock Partners, LLC, a wealth advisory firm, from January 2021 to April 2022; Virtue Capital Management LLC, an investment advisory firm, from January 2019 to January 2021; and Chief Compliance Officer of Griffin Capital Company LLC, an investment and asset management company, from February 2017 to May 2018. Prior to that, he was with Research Affiliates LLC, an investment advisory firm, where he served as Chief Compliance Officer and Assistant General Counsel from August 2013 to February 2017; Director of Compliance of Athene Asset Management LLC, an asset management firm, from July 2012 to August 2013; and Senior Counsel of Legal and Compliance at The Rock Creek Group, an investment fund manager, from July 2010 to July 2012. Additionally, Mr. Smith served as Investigative Counsel for the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission from January 2010 to July 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Smith was a tax attorney for Deloitte from July 1999 to July 2000 and Crowe Horwath from July 2000 to July 2002. Mr. Smith graduated cum laude with a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Kentucky, where he also earned his J.D. He received his L.L.M., with highest honors, in Securities Financial Regulation from Georgetown Law in Washington, D.C. and holds the following certifications: Certified Regulatory and Compliance Professional (FINRA Institute at Wharton); Investment Adviser Certified Compliance Professional (NRS Education); and Certified in Risk Management (International Institute of Professional Education and Research). We believe Mr. Smith is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive experience with public company compliance and investment. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, which consists of Edward Preble and Jeffrey Smith will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, which consists of Eric Swider and Frank Andrews, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Patrick Orlando, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Smith, Preble and Andrews serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Smith chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Smith, Preble and Andrews meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Smith qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Preble, Andrews and Smith serve as members of our compensation committee and Mr. Preble chairs the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Preble and Andrews are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 
 43 

Table of Contents 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to each of Renatus and Benessere Enterprises Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, of 15,000 per month, for up to the Combination Period, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees will be Messrs. Preble, Andrews and Smith. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Our Code of Ethics is available on the Company website, www.dwacspac.com, and the SEC website, www.sec.gov. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing September 3, 2021, we have agreed to pay each of Renatus and Benessere Enterprises Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 17, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 37,210,686 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 30,023,186 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 7,187,500 shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of April 17, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election of directors of the board, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock (2) 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Eric Swider 

7,500 

Katherine Chiles 

Alexander Cano 

Frank Andrews 

Patrick Orlando (3) 

1,133,484 

3.8 

5,490,000 

76.4 

14.8 

Edward Preble 

Jeffrey Smith 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 

1,133,484 

3.8 

5,497,500 

76.5 

14.8 

Other 5 Stockholders 

ARC Global Investments II LLC (the Sponsor) (3) 

1,133,484 

3.8 

5,490,000 

76.4 

14.8 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Digital World Acquisition Corp., 3109 Grand Ave., #450, Miami, Florida 33133. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 ARC Global Investments II LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Patrick Orlando is the managing member of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. Orlando may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Orlando disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. Changes in Control For more information on the TMTG Business Combination, see Item 1. Business. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. On January 20, 2021, our sponsor purchased 2,875,000 founder shares (which were subsequently subject to a three-for-one stock split, resulting in our sponsor holding 8,625,000 founder shares) for an aggregate purchase 
 46 

Table of Contents 

price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0087 per share. On May 19, 2021, our sponsor transferred 10,000 founder shares to our Chief Financial Officer and 7,500 founder shares to each of our independent directors. On September 2, 2021, our sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 shares of Class B common stock for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 7,187,500 shares outstanding. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering (excluding the representative shares and the placement units and underlying securities). The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Commencing on September 3, 2021, we have agreed to pay Benessere Enterprises Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. On April 5, 2023, we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with Renatus , an advisory group owned by Eric Swider, the Interim Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which, the Company agrees to pay Renatus a monthly fee of 15,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support commencing from April 5, 2023 until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering. As of September 30, 2021, 0 was outstanding under the note. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 30,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, 28,500,000 of which is subject to approvals from the stockholders of the Company and the PIPE Investors, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,133,484 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 11,334,840. Each placement unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, the representative shares, the placement shares or the placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further 
 47 

Table of Contents 

extensions. The placement units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering except that the placement units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees will be entitled to registration right. Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and placement shares (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions and (iii) if we fail to consummate a business combination within the Combination Period or if we liquidate prior to the expiration of the Combination Period. However, our initial stockholders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares held by them if we fail to consummate a business combination or liquidate by June 8, 2023 or seek further extensions. In addition, the holders of the representative shares have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement we have entered into with our initial stockholders, we may be required to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders (including the holders of representative shares), and holders of units issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. On September 8, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 2,875,000 to the sponsor of the Company in connection with the extension of the termination date for the Company s initial business combination from September 8, 2022 to December 8, 2022, pursuant to which, the sponsor has agreed to loan to the Company 2,875,000 to deposit into the Company s trust account. On April 21, 2023, the Company issued two promissory notes (one for 625,700 and the other for 500,000) in the aggregate principal amount of 1,125,700 to the sponsor to pay costs and expenses in connection with completing an initial business combination. Each of the two notes bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. At the election of the sponsor and subject to certain conditions, all of the unpaid principal amount of each of the two notes may be converted into Conversion Units immediately prior to the consummation of an initial business combination with the total Conversion Units so issued equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the respective note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The issuances of the two notes were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. For more information on the agreements entered into in connection with the TMTG Business Combination, including the names of the agreements involving related parties, such as the sponsor, officers or directors, please see our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022, December 6, 2021 and October 26, 2021. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would 
 48 

Table of Contents 

interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Preble, Andrews and Smith are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum for services rendered. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 234,567 and 73,018, respectively. The aggregate fees of Marcum related to audit services in connection with our initial public offering totaled approximately 54,075. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees We did not pay Marcum for tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees We did not pay Marcum for any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 xlix 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 

F-1

Balance Sheets 

F-2

Statements of Operations 

F-3

Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) 

F-4

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules 
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1
 of this Report. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit 
Index. Exhibits 
that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

Item 16.

Form 
 10-K

 Summary. 

Not applicable. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

Digital World Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Digital World Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainies. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 25
 
, 2023 

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid assets

Total Current Assets

Prepaid assets

Cash Held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current liabilities

Accrued expenses

Note payable Sponsor

Income taxes payable

Franchise tax payable

Working capital loans

Advances - related party

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred underwriter fee payable

TOTAL LIABILITIES

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, shares authorized; and shares outstanding, at redemption value and per share)

Stockholders Deficit

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding, excluding and shares subject to redemption

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Stockholders Deficit

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF 
OPERATIONS 

For the Year ended December 31,

2022

2021

Formation and operating costs

Franchise tax expense

Loss from operation costs

() 

() 
 
 Other income and expenses:

Interest earned on cash held in Trust Account

Loss before income taxes

() 

() 
 
 Income tax expense

() 

Net loss

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net loss per Class A common stock

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net loss per Class B common stock

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Class A

 Common Stock

Class B

 Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-In Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Total

 Stockholders Deficit

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance - December 31, 2021

() 

() 
 
 Net loss

() 

() 
 
 Remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value

() 

() 

Balance - December 31, 2022

() 

() 

F-4

Table of Contents 

DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 
 STATEMENT OF CHANGES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Class A

Class B

Additional

Total

Common Stock

Common Stock

Paid-In

Accumulated

Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance December 31, 2020

Issuance of Class B common stock to sponsor (1) (2)

Class A common stock accretion to redemption value

() 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance of Class A common stock to investor , net of offering costs

Issuance of Class A common stock to representative

() 

Net loss

() 

() 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021

() 

() 

(1) 
 The shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the -for-one
 stock split on July 1, 2021. 

(2) 
 On September 2, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the surrender of these shares (see Note 7). 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year end December 31,

2022

2021

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net loss

() 

) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accrued expenses and income taxes payable

Prepaid insurance

() 
 
 Franchise tax payable

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

() 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Investments withdrawn from Trust Account for redemptions

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

() 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units

Proceeds from sale of private placement warrants

Proceeds from Sponsor note

Repayment of Sponsor note

() 
 
 Due from Sponsor

() 
 
 Payment of due from Sponsor

Payment of offering costs

() 
 
 Proceeds from working capital loan

Proceeds from advances - related party

Redemption of shares

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

() 

Cash at beginning of period

Cash at end of period

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities:

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Remeasurement of Class A common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 or more businesses or entities Business Combination ). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on middle-market emerging growth technology-focused companies in the Americas, in the SaaS and Technology or Fintech and Financial Services sector. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below and the search for targets for its initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating
 income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering and the concurrent Private Placement (as defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

 The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 2, 2021 (the Registration Statement ). On September 8, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , and incurred offering costs of , consisting of deferred underwriting commissions of (see Note 3), fair value of the representative shares (as defined in Note 7) of , fair value of shares issued to the anchor investors of the Company s Initial Public Offering of , fair value of shares transferred to officers and directors of , and other offering costs of . The Units sold in the Initial Public Offering included Units that were subject to a -day
 option granted to the underwriter to purchase up to an additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotment, which was exercised in full in connection with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Placement Units at a price of per Placement Unit in a private placement Private Placement to the Company s sponsor, ARC Global Investments II LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 
 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on September 8, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraph (d) of Rule 2a-7
 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earliest of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or certain amendments to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete its 

initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business
 Combination activity and (iii) the redemption of of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (subject to the requirements of applicable law). 
 The Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules. 
 If the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 
 The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per- share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 
 All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,

 redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of the shares of Class A common stock classified as temporary equity was the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20.
 Because of the redemption feature noted above, the shares of Class A common stock are subject to ASC 480-10-S99.

 If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in
 capital). While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 
 The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have agreed (a) to vote any shares of Class B common stock of the Company (the Founder Shares ), the shares of Class A common stock included within the Placement Units (the Private Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in connection with the completion of the Business Combination, (c) not to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or certain amendments to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior thereto or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
 Business Combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Company s anchor investors have agreed to (1) vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of the initial Business Combination, (2) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, and (3) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 On November 22, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders. At the meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware extending, upon the request of the Sponsor and approval by the Board, the period of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months, for an aggregate of 12 additional months (which is from September 8, 2022 up to September 8, 2023). 

In connection with the special meeting of stockholders, stockholders holding shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s trust account. As a result, (approximately per share) was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such holders.
 On September 8, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor, in connection with the extension of the termination date for the Company s initial Business Combination from September 8, 2022 to December 8, 2022. On December 19, 2022, the Company announced the second extension of the termination date for the Company s initial Business Combination from December 8, 2022 from March 8, 2023. On February 28, 2023, the Company announced the third extension of the termination date for the Company s initial Business Combination from March 8, 2023 to June 8, 2023. 

The Company has until June 
8, 2023 (or September 8, 2023, if extended) 

to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 
 five business days thereafter, redeem 
 of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to) , divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining 

 stockholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less
 
 than 

.

per share (whether or not the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Going Concern Consideration 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Account Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern as stated above, the Company has until June 8, 2023 (or September 8, 2023, if extended) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Additionally, the Company has incurred and expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. The Company lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. As a result, these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Proposed Business Combination 
 The Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 20, 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 11, 2022, and as it may be further amended or

supplemented from time to time, the Merger Agreement with DWAC Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Trump Media Technology Group Corp., a Delaware corporation TMTG ), the Sponsor, in the capacity as the representative for certain stockholders of the Company, and TMTG s General Counsel, in the capacity as the representative for stockholders of TMTG. 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Closing ), Merger Sub will merge with and into TMTG (the Merger and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), with TMTG continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In the Merger, (i) all shares of TMTG common stock (together, TMTG Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time (other than those properly exercising any applicable dissenters rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration (as defined below); (ii) each outstanding option to acquire shares of TMTG common stock (whether vested or unvested) will be assumed by the Company and automatically converted into an option to acquire shares of the Company common stock, with its price and number of shares equitably adjusted based on the conversion ratio of the shares of TMTG common stock into the Merger Consideration and (iii) each outstanding restricted stock unit of TMTG shall be converted into a restricted stock unit relating to shares of the Company s common stock. At the Closing, the Company will change its name to Trump Media Technology Group Corp. 
 The aggregate merger consideration to be paid pursuant to the Merger Agreement to holders of TMTG Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time TMTG Stockholders and, together with the holders of TMTG options and restricted stock units immediately prior to the Effective Time, the TMTG Security Holders will be an amount equal to , subject to adjustments for TMTG s closing debt, net of cash and unpaid transaction expenses (the Merger Consideration ), plus the additional contingent right to receive certain earnout shares after the Closing, provided that it shall exclude any additional shares issuable upon conversion of certain TMTG convertible notes. The Merger Consideration to be paid to TMTG Stockholders will be paid solely by the delivery of new shares of the Company s common stock, with each valued at the price per share at which each share of the Company s common stock is redeemed or converted pursuant to the redemption by the Company of its public stockholders in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination, as required by the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, by-laws
 and the Company s Initial Public Offering prospectus. The Merger Consideration will be subject to a post-Closing true up days after the Closing. 
 On December 4, 2021, in support of the Transactions, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the SPAs with certain institutional accredited investors (the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ), at a purchase price of per share of Preferred Stock, for an aggregate commitment of in a private placement (the PIPE to be consummated concurrently with the Transactions. The shares of Preferred Stock have an initial conversion price per share of and are initially convertible into an aggregate of shares of common stock. The closing of the PIPE is conditioned on the concurrent closing of the Transactions and other closing conditions as set forth in the SPA. Pursuant to the SPAs, each of the PIPE Investors may terminate its respective SPA, among other things, if the closing of the PIPE has not occurred on or prior to September 20, 2022. As a result, the Company received termination notices from certain PIPE Investors, who originally agreed to purchase up to shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

F-11

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

were charged to stockholders equity (consisting of deferred underwriting commission of , fair value of the representative shares of and other cash offering costs of ).

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 
 shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 . At December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 
 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury Department has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 
 Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

F-1 4

Table of Contents 
 DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 
 Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one -half
 of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share (see Note 7). 
 As of September 8, 2021, the Company incurred offering costs of approximately , consisting of deferred underwriting commissions of , fair value of representative shares of and other offering costs of . 
 Placement Units at a price of per Placement Unit (or in the aggregate). The Sponsor initially transferred to the Trust Account on September 8, 2021. The excess proceeds over the proceeds of the Private Placement were subsequently transferred back to the Company s operating account and returned to the Sponsor. 
 
 The proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the consummation of the initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees and are entitled to registration rights. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the warrants included in the Placement Units (the Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 
 shares of Class B common stock or Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. On July 2, 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to its Chief Financial Officer and Founder Shares to each of its independent directors. The Company estimated the fair value of these transferred shares to be . On September 2, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered to the Company an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. The number of Founder Shares issued represented of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Placement Units and underlying securities). All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the surrender of these shares. 
 With certain limited exceptions, the shares of Class B common stock are not transferable, assignable by the Sponsor until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, (x) if the reported last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the Company s initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in 

all of the Company stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Placement Units, Placement Shares, Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock underlying the Placement Warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 
 Administrative Services Arrangement 
 An affiliate of the Sponsor has agreed, commencing from the date when the Company s Registration Statement was declared effective through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay the affiliate of the Sponsor per month for these services. of expense was recorded for the year December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Related Party Loans 
 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, initially up to of notes could have been converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional units at a price of per unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 
 In November 2021, the Sponsor committed to provide loans of up to an aggregate of to the Company through September 8, 2023, which loans will be non-interest
 bearing, unsecured and will be payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination . 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were 
 and 
 outstanding under this loan, respectively. See Note 9 for subsequent events related to this note.

On May 12, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment to the Insider Letter to that certain letter agreement, dated September 2, 2021 Insider Letter ), with the Sponsor and the Company s directors, officers or other initial shareholders named therein (the Insiders ). Pursuant to the Insider Letter, among other matters, the Sponsor and the Insiders agreed in Section 9 thereof, that the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may make n-interest
 bearing loans to the Company to finance transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination and that, at the option of the lender, up to of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of per unit, upon consummation of the Business Combination. Under the Amendment to the Insider Letter, each of the Sponsor and the Insiders have agreed to revise the terms of the Insider Letter to increase the aggregate principal amount of loans by the Sponsor, its affiliates or our officers and directors that can be converted into units from to . The securities issuable upon conversion of such loans are subject to stockholder approval at the special meeting of the Company s stockholders to be held to approve the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, such loans were outstanding. 
 On September 8, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note (the Note in the aggregate principal amount of 
 to the Sponsor, in connection with the extension of the termination date for the Company s initial Business Combination from September 8, 2022 to December 8, 2022. The Note bears interest and is 

. At the election of the Sponsor and subject to certain conditions, all of the unpaid principal amount of the Note may be converted into units of the Company (the Conversion Units upon consummation of the initial Business Combination with the total Conversion Units so issued equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars ), rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding under this Note. 
 Advances related party 

During 2022, the Sponsor paid, on behalf of the Company, 

to a vendor for costs incurred by the Company. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s obligation to the Sponsor for such payment was outstanding. 

demands that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the underwriters (and/or their designees) may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven year period beginning on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, under FINRA Rule 5110, the underwriters and/or their designees may only make a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering, and the underwriters and/or their designees may participate in a piggy- back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Initial Public Offering. 
 Underwriting Agreement 
 The underwriters purchased the additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 The underwriters are entitled to a cash underwriting discount of: (i) one point twenty-five percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , with the underwriters over-allotment having been exercised in full; (ii) zero point five percent of the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued in the Initial Public Offering, or shares of Class A common stock. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of three point five percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or upon closing of the Business Combination. The deferred underwriting commissions will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 Right of First Refusal 
 Subject to certain conditions, the Company granted the underwriter, for a period of after the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, a right of first refusal to act as sole book runner, and/or sole placement agent, at the representative s sole discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and

debt offering, including all equity linked financings for the Company or any of its successors or subsidiaries. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the Registration Statement. 

Legal Matters 

The Company is cooperating with a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA inquiry concerning events (specifically, a review of trading) that preceded the public announcement of the Merger Agreement. According to FINRA s request, the inquiry should not be construed as an indication that FINRA has determined that any violations of Nasdaq rules or federal securities laws have occurred, nor as a reflection upon the merits of the securities involved or upon any person who effected transactions in such securities. 
 The Company is also cooperating with an SEC investigation, including responding to several document requests and subpoenas from the SEC to the Company and certain of its directors seeking various documents and information regarding, among other things, meetings of the Company s Board of Directors; communications with and the evaluation of potential targets, including TMTG; communications relating to TMTG; agreements with and payments made to certain advisors; investors, including investor meetings and agreements; the appointment of certain of the Company s officers and directors; policies and procedures relating to trading; and documents sufficient to identify banking, telephone, and email addresses; the Company s due diligence regarding TMTG, communications regarding and due diligence of potential targets other than TMTG; and relationships between and among the Company (and/or certain of its officers and directors) and other entities (including the Sponsor and certain advisors, including the Company s underwriter and financial advisor in its Initial Public Offering). According to the SEC s request and subpoena, the investigation does not mean that the SEC has concluded that anyone violated the law or that the SEC has a negative opinion of the Company or any person, entity, or security. Any resolution of the inquiry or investigation, as well as proceedings by the SEC, FINRA, or other governmental or regulatory authorities, could result in the imposition of significant fines, penalties, injunctions, prohibitions on the conduct of the Company s business, damage to its reputation and other sanctions against it, including restrictions on its activities. 
 The SEC also issued an order of examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Securities Act, with respect to the Form S-4
 relating to the Transactions with TMTG, and a further subpoena in support thereof. This subpoena seeks additional documents and information with respect to, among other things, communications regarding and due diligence of potential targets other than TMTG, relationships between and among the Company (and/or certain of its officers and directors) and other entities (including the Sponsor) and certain advisors, including the Company s underwriter and financial advisor in its Initial Public Offering), the holders of ownership interests in the Sponsor, certain elements of the transaction history for equity in the Sponsor, and certain forward-looking information about TMTG referenced in the Form S-4.
 Any resolution of the investigation could result in the imposition of significant penalties, injunctions, prohibitions on the conduct of the Company s business, damage to its reputation and other sanctions against it. In addition, the Section 8(e) order of examination of the Form S-4
 can be expected to delay effectiveness of the Form S-4,
 which could materially delay, materially impede, or prevent the consummation of the Transactions. 
 In addition, the Company and each member of its board of directors received grand jury subpoenas seeking certain of the same documents demanded in the above-referenced SEC subpoenas, along with requests relating to the Company s S-1
 filings, communications with or about multiple individuals, and information regarding Rocket One Capital. The Company has been informed that on June 27, 2022, TMTG received a subpoena from the SEC seeking documents relating to, among other things, the Company and other potential counterparties for a business transaction involving TMTG. The Company has also been informed that on June 30, 2022, TMTG was served with a subpoena, issued by a federal grand jury sitting in the Southern District of New York, seeking a subset of the same or similar documents demanded in subpoenas to the Company and its directors. Certain current and former TMTG personnel have also recently received individual grand jury subpoenas. 

These subpoenas, and the underlying investigations by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice, can be expected to delay effectiveness of the Form S-4,
 which could materially delay, materially impede, or prevent the consummation of the Transactions. 

Directors and Officers Insurance Policy 

The coverage under the D O policy is million in excess of a million retention. The Company has submitted a notice of loss related to the above noted DOJ and SEC actions to the insurance company and has begun submitting information to the insurance company. Due to the early stage of this matter, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in recouping costs from the insurance company under its D O policy.

The Company is subject to litigation, disputes and claims in the normal course of its business. The Company is aware of a dispute with a vendor for alleged services provided in 2022. The vendor s most recent settlement offer is . The Company does not believe any services were provided by such vendor and as such, amount is due the vendor. The Company has not recorded a liability for these alleged services. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Class A Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. On September 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock representative shares to the underwriter. The Company accounts for the representative shares as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity, at an estimated fair value of . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding that are subject to possible redemption, and accordingly, such shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock included in stockholders deficit. 
 Class B Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. On September 2, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock for cancellation for no consideration. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, of which shares were transferred to qualified institutional buyers. The shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Sponsor, officers and directors of the Company and institutional buyers represent of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming those initial stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Placement Shares). Shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one
 basis, subject to certain adjustments. 
 Warrants - The warrants will become exercisable days after the consummation of a Business Combination. The warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A 

 common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, and recapitalizations) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants. 
 If the Company calls the warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 
 In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities, for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company completes a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 

per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

Start up costs

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation Allowance

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax asset, net of allowance

Deferred

() 
 
 State and local

Current

Deferred

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance

() 

Income tax provision

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 
 and of U.S. federal and state operating loss carryovers that do not expire and are available to offset future taxable income. 
 In assessing the r e
alization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was ) and , respectively. 

A 

reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

State tax, net of Federal benefit

Merger costs

() 

Prior year adjustment

() 

State rate change

Other

Change in valuation allowance

() 

Provision for income tax

() 

The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the valuation allowance, state taxes and merger costs than are nondeductible . The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. The Company considers Florida to be a significant state tax jurisdiction.

for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support commencing from April 5, 2023 until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation.

On April 21, 2023, the Company issued two promissory notes (one for and the other for in the aggregate principal amount of to the Sponsor to pay costs and expenses in connection with completing a Business Combination. Each of the two notes bears interest and is . At the election of the Sponsor and subject to certain conditions, all of the unpaid principal amount of each note may be converted into units of the Company (the Conversion Units immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination with the total Conversion Units so issued equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the respective note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars ), rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. 

F-2 2

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company, Merger Sub, Company Representative, TMTG and TMTG Representative. (5) + 

2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 11, 2022, by and among the Company, Merger Sub, Company Representative, TMTG and TMTG Representative. (8) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (4) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (9) 

3.2 
 
 By Laws. (1) 

3.3 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferred Stock. (6) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (4) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. (7) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement among DWAC, its officers, directors and ARC Global Investments II LLC. (4) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated August 20, 2021, issued to ARC Global Investments II LLC. (3) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (4) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (4) 

10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 20, 2021, between the Company and ARC Global Investments II LLC. (1) 

10.6 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, between the Company and ARC Global Investments II LLC. (4) 

10.7 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement by and between the Company and Benessere Enterprises Inc. (4) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement. (5) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement. (5) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2021, by and between the Company and the investors named therein. (6) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2021, by and between the Company and the investors named therein. (6) 

10.12 
 
 Amendment to Letter Agreement, dated May 12, 2022, among the Registrant and our officers, directors and ARC Global Investments II LLC. (8) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 

10.14 
 
 Promissory Note to ARC Global Investments II LLC dated as of September 8, 2022. (10) 

10.15 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2023, by and between the Company and Renatus LLC. (11) 

10.16 
 
 Promissory Note to ARC Global Investments II LLC, dated as of April 21, 2023. 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note to ARC Global Investments II LLC, dated as of April 21, 2023. 

14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics. (2) 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (2) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (2) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ 
 Certain exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). DWAC agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule to the SEC upon its request. 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256472), filed with the SEC on May 26, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-256472), filed with the SEC on July 26, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-256472), filed with the SEC on August 20, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2021. 

(5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 26, 2021. 

(6) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022. 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022. 

(9) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 30, 2022. 

(10) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022. 

(11) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DATE: April 25, 2023 

DIGITAL WORLD ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Swider 

Name: 
 
 Eric Swider 

Title: 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eric Swider Eric Swider 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 April 25, 2023 

/s/ Katherine Chiles 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 April 25, 2023 

/s/ Frank Andrews 
 
 Non-Executive Chairman 
 
 April 25, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Orlando Patrick Orlando 
 
 Director 
 
 April 25, 2023 

/s/ Edward Preble Edward Preble 
 
 Director 
 
 April 25, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Smith Jeffrey Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 April 25, 2023 

<EX-10.16>
 2
 d474123dex1016.htm
 EX-10.16

EX-10.16 

Exhibit 10.16 
 THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE
HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE
COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 625,700 
 
 Dated as of April 21, 2023 
 New York, New York 
 Digital World Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Maker ), promises to pay
to the order of ARC Global Investments II LLC, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of up to Six Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand and Seven Hundred Dollars 625,700) in
lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. As of the date of this Note, Six Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand and Seven Hundred Dollars 625,700) have been funded by the Payee. All payments on this
Note (unless the full principal is converted pursuant to Section 16 below) shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time
designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 1. Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be
payable, to the extent that Maker has funds available outside of its trust account established in connection with the Maker s initial public offering, by the Maker on the earlier to occur of: (i) the date on which Maker consummates its
initial business combination (the Business Combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of Maker is effective (such date, the Maturity Date ). For the avoidance of doubt, no prepayment is
permitted unless agreed to in writing by the Payee. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or
liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 2. Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 3. Use of Proceeds. The Maker hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Payee, that the principal amount will be used by the Maker
to pay costs and expenses in connection with completing the Business Combination, to the extent that Maker has funds available outside of its trust account established in connection with the Maker s initial public offering. 
 4. [Reserved.] 5. Application of
Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late
charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 6. Events of Default. The following shall constitute an
event of default Event of Default ): (a) Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay
the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within seven (7) business days after the Maturity Date. (b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its
debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for
relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or
similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in
effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 7. Remedies. 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 6(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note
to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. (b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 6(b) and 6(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases
without any action on the part of Payee. 8. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment
for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker
by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution,
exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in
whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 9. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery,
acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence,
extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of
this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 
 10. Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered:
(i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such
party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated
in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or
electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 
 11. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF. 12. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

13. Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any
and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account established in connection with the Maker s initial public offering (the IPO ), and hereby
agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that upon the consummation of the Business Combination, Maker shall repay the principal balance
of this Note out of the proceeds released to Maker from the trust account after payment to holders of the public shares in accordance with Section 5 hereof. The foregoing shall bind any permitted assignee or transferee of this Note. 
 14 . Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written
consent of the Maker and the Payee. 15 . Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations
hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 
 16. Conversion . (a) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Note to the contrary, at Payee s option, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, immediately prior to the Business Combination, Payee may elect to convert all or a portion of the unpaid principal
balance into that number of units, each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock of the Maker and one-half of one warrant of the Maker (the Conversion Units ), equivalent to
(A) the portion of the principal amount of this Note being converted pursuant to this Section 16, divided by (B) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The Conversion Units shall be identical to the units issued by the
Maker to the Payee in the private placement that closed contemporaneously with the consummation of Maker s IPO. The Conversion Units and their underlying securities, and any other equity security of Maker issued or issuable with respect to the
foregoing by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be entitled to the registration rights set forth in Section 16 hereof.
 (b) Upon any complete or partial conversion of the principal amount of this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted
and such converted portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed, to Maker or such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Units,
(iii) Maker shall promptly deliver a new duly executed Note to Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and (iv) in exchange for all or any portion of the surrendered Note, Maker shall, at
the direction of Payee, deliver to Payee (or its members or their respective affiliates) (Payee or such other persons, the Holders the Conversion Units, which shall bear such legends as are required, in the opinion of counsel to
Maker or by any other agreement between Maker and Payee and applicable state and federal securities laws. (c) The Holders shall pay any
and all issue and other taxes that may be payable with respect to any issue or delivery of the Conversion Units upon conversion of this Note pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Holders shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes
resulting from any transfer requested by the Holders in connection with any such conversion. (d) The Conversion Units shall not be issued
upon conversion of this Note unless such issuance and such conversion comply with all applicable provisions of law, including but not limited to the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 17. Registration Rights . (a) Reference
is made to that certain Registration Rights Agreement between Maker and the parties thereto, dated as of September 2, 2021 (the Registration Rights Agreement ). All capitalized terms used in this Section 17 shall have the
same meanings ascribed to them in the Registration Rights Agreement. (b) The Holders shall be entitled to one Demand Registration with
respect to the Conversion Units, which shall be subject to the same provisions as set forth in Section 2.1 of the Registration Rights Agreement. 

(c) The Holders shall also be entitled to include the Conversion Units and their underlying
securities in Piggyback Registrations, which shall be subject to the same provisions as set forth in Section 2.2 of the Registration Rights Agreement; provided, however, that in the event that an underwriter advises Maker that the Maximum
Number of Securities has been exceeded with respect to a Piggyback Registration, the Holders shall not have any priority for inclusion in such Piggyback Registration. 
 (d) Except as set forth above, the Holders and Maker, as applicable, shall have all of the same rights, duties and obligations set forth in
the Registration Rights Agreement. [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note
to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

Digital World Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Swider 

Name: Eric Swider 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 d474123dex1017.htm
 EX-10.17

EX-10.17 

Exhibit 10.17 
 THIS PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE
HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE
COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 500,000 
 
 Dated as of April 21, 2023 
 New York, New York 
 Digital World Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Maker ), promises to pay
to the order of ARC Global Investments II LLC, or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of up to Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) in lawful money of the United
States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. As of the date of this Note, Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 500,000) have been funded by the Payee. All payments on this Note (unless the full principal is converted pursuant to
Section 16 below) shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. 1. Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be payable, by the Maker on the earlier to occur of: (i) the date on
which Maker consummates its initial business combination (the Business Combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of Maker is effective (such date, the Maturity Date ). For the avoidance of doubt, no
prepayment is permitted unless agreed to in writing by the Payee. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or
liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 2. Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 3. Use of Proceeds. The Maker hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Payee, that the principal amount will be used by the Maker to
pay costs and expenses in connection with completing the Business Combination. 4. [Reserved.] 
 5. Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under
this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 6. Events of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 
 (a) Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within seven
(7) business days after the Maturity Date. (b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary
case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other
similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate
action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. (c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order
for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator
(or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect
for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

7. Remedies. 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 6(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note
to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. (b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 6(b) and 6(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases
without any action on the part of Payee. 8. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment
for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker
by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution,
exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in
whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 9. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery,
acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence,
extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of
this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 
 10. Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered:
(i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such
party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated
in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or
electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 
 11. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
THEREOF. 12. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such provision in any other jurisdiction. 13. Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and
all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account established in connection with the Maker s initial public offering (the IPO ), and hereby agrees
not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that upon the consummation of the Business Combination, Maker shall repay the principal balance of
this Note out of the proceeds released to Maker from the trust account after payment to holders of the public shares in accordance with Section 5 hereof. The foregoing shall bind any permitted assignee or transferee of this Note. 

14 . Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof
may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee. 15 . Assignment . No assignment or transfer of
this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void.
 16. Conversion . (a) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Note to the contrary, at Payee s option, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, immediately prior to the Business Combination, Payee may elect to convert all or a portion of the unpaid principal
balance into that number of units, each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock of the Maker and one-half of one warrant of the Maker (the Conversion Units ), equivalent to
(A) the portion of the principal amount of this Note being converted pursuant to this Section 16, divided by (B) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The Conversion Units shall be identical to the units issued by the
Maker to the Payee in the private placement that closed contemporaneously with the consummation of Maker s IPO. The Conversion Units and their underlying securities, and any other equity security of Maker issued or issuable with respect to the
foregoing by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be entitled to the registration rights set forth in Section 16 hereof.
 (b) Upon any complete or partial conversion of the principal amount of this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted and
such converted portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed, to Maker or such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Units,
(iii) Maker shall promptly deliver a new duly executed Note to Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and (iv) in exchange for all or any portion of the surrendered Note, Maker shall, at
the direction of Payee, deliver to Payee (or its members or their respective affiliates) (Payee or such other persons, the Holders the Conversion Units, which shall bear such legends as are required, in the opinion of counsel to
Maker or by any other agreement between Maker and Payee and applicable state and federal securities laws. (c) The Holders shall pay any
and all issue and other taxes that may be payable with respect to any issue or delivery of the Conversion Units upon conversion of this Note pursuant hereto; provided, however, that the Holders shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes
resulting from any transfer requested by the Holders in connection with any such conversion. (d) The Conversion Units shall not be issued
upon conversion of this Note unless such issuance and such conversion comply with all applicable provisions of law, including but not limited to the applicable rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 17. Registration Rights . (a) Reference is
made to that certain Registration Rights Agreement between Maker and the parties thereto, dated as of September 2, 2021 (the Registration Rights Agreement ). All capitalized terms used in this Section 17 shall have the
same meanings ascribed to them in the Registration Rights Agreement. (b) The Holders shall be entitled to one Demand Registration with
respect to the Conversion Units, which shall be subject to the same provisions as set forth in Section 2.1 of the Registration Rights Agreement. 
 (c) The Holders shall also be entitled to include the Conversion Units and their underlying securities in Piggyback Registrations, which shall
be subject to the same provisions as set forth in Section 2.2 of the Registration Rights Agreement; provided, however, that in the event that an underwriter advises Maker that the Maximum Number of Securities has been exceeded with respect to a
Piggyback Registration, the Holders shall not have any priority for inclusion in such Piggyback Registration. 

(d) Except as set forth above, the Holders and Maker, as applicable, shall have all of the
same rights, duties and obligations set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note
to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

Digital World Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Swider 

Name: Eric Swider 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d474123dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eric Swider, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital World
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Swider 

Eric Swider 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d474123dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Katherine Chiles, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital World
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Katherine Chiles 

Katherine Chiles 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 d474123dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital World Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Swider, Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Swider 

Eric Swider 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 d474123dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital World Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Katherine Chiles, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: April 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Katherine Chiles 

Katherine Chiles 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 dwac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 dwac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 dwac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 dwac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

