<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230629_10-K_edgar_data_1650101_0001493152-23-022881.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7721897</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>306500</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2179215</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2105666</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1376754</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1581523</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-022881.hdr.sgml : 20230629
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230629140358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-022881
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230629
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230629

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADDENTAX GROUP CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001650101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MAILING, REPRODUCTION, COMMERCIAL ART & PHOTOGRAPHY [7330]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41478
		FILM NUMBER:		231056475

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		KINGKEY 100, BLOCK A, ROOM 4805
		STREET 2:		LUOHU DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 755 8696 1405

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		KINGKEY 100, BLOCK A, ROOM 4805
		STREET 2:		LUOHU DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-022881.txt : 20230629

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, , , , 
 
 Address
 of principal executive offices, including zip code 

+

Registrant s
 phone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2023 was ,
based on the last reported sale price of 0.72 per share. 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING 

 THE
PRECEDING FIVE YEARS 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 

Yes No 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at June 28, 2023 
 
 Public
Float on June 28, 2023 
 
 Common Stock,
 0.001 par value 

12,681,916 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 8 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 41 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties. 
 42 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 42 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 42 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 43 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 44 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 44 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 54 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 55 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 56 
 
 Item 9A . 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 56 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 57 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent inspection. 
 57 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 58 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 63 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 65 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 66 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 66 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 67 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 

Signatures 
 68 

2 

Forward-looking
statements 

Statements
made in this Form 10-K that are not historical or current facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe
harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, 
 believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate or continue, or the
negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution
readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking
statements represent management s best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject
to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from
historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Financial
information contained in this report and in our financial statements is stated in United States dollars and are prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our
shares of commons stock are shares of Addentax Group Corp., our Nevada holding company, which has no material operations of its own
and conducts substantially all of its operations through the operating companies established in the People s Republic of
China, or the PRC, primarily Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Service Co., Ltd. YX ), our wholly owned
subsidiary and its subsidiaries. We are not a Chinese operating company. We are a holding company and do not directly own any
substantive business operations in China. Therefore, our investors will not directly hold any equity interests in our Chinese
operating companies. Our holding company structure involves unique risks to investors. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow
our operating structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock,
including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For a detailed description
of risks related to the holding corporate structure, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Holding Company
Structure for detailed discussions. 

Additionally,
as we conduct substantially all of our operations through the operating companies established in the PRC, we are subject to certain
legal and operational risks associated with our business operations in China. PRC laws and regulations governing our current
business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and we face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could
have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business. Therefore,
these risks associated being based in or having substantially all of our operations through the operating companies established in
China could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Furthermore, these risks may result in a
material change in our business operations or a complete hindrance of our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to
investors. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in
China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over
China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of
cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. As confirmed by our PRC counsel at the date of
September 2, 2022, the business of our subsidiaries until our registration are not subject to cybersecurity review with the
Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i) our products and services are offered not directly to individual users
but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations;
and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or
important data by the authorities. Further, we believe our newly established companies and our business plan will not change the
above conclusion. In addition, as confirmed by our PRC counsel , we are not subject to merger control review by China s
anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues which provided from us and audited by our auditor Pan-China
Singapore, and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence
over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have
had no impact on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other
foreign exchange. As of the date of this annual report, no effective laws or regulations in the PRC explicitly require us to seek
approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities for our
overseas listing, nor has our company or any of our subsidiaries received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanctions regarding our
overseas listing from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities. However, since these statements and regulatory actions are
new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new
laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential
impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign
investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. See Risk Factors beginning on page 16 for a
discussion of these legal and operational risks and other information that should be considered before making a decision to purchase
our common stock. 

3 

As
a holding company, our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and to service any debt we may incur may depend upon dividends paid
by our PRC Subsidiaries. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC Subsidiaries to pay dividends to us through Yingxi Industrial Chain Investment
Co., Ltd. Yingxi HK ), our intermediate holding subsidiary in Hong Kong, only out of their accumulated profits, if any,
determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our PRC Subsidiaries is required to
set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its
registered capital. As of the date hereof, we have had no transactions that involved the transfer of cash or assets throughout our corporate
structure. The PRC Subsidiaries have not transferred cash or other assets to Addentax, including by way of dividends. Addentax does not
currently plan or anticipate transferring cash or other assets from our operations in China to any non-Chinese entity. As of the date
hereof, no transfers, dividends, or distributions have been made to our investors. 

Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, if the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor. Pursuant
to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China of the People s Republic of China because of
a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the
PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB s report identified the specific
registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations. The PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections in
China without the approval of Chinese government authorities. If it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
our auditor completely, investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are
completely inspected by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in China that prevents the PCAOB from regularly
evaluating our auditors audits and their quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance that our financial statements
and disclosures are adequate and accurate. Our auditor, Pan-China Singapore, is an independent registered public accounting firm with
the PCAOB, and as an auditor of publicly traded companies in the U.S., is subject to laws in the U.S. pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts
regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Pan-China Singapore is based in Singapore and
there are no limitations in Singapore on PCAOB inspections. Pan-China Singapore, is not headquartered in mainland China or Hong
Kong and was not identified as a firm subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Should the PCAOB be
unable to fully conduct inspection of our auditor s work papers in China, it will make it difficult to evaluate the effectiveness
of our auditor s audit procedures or equity control procedures. Investors may consequently lose confidence in our reported financial
information and procedures or quality of the financial statements, which would adversely affect us and our securities. On August 26,
2022, the PCAOB announced that it had signed the Protocol with the CSRC and the MOF, which governs inspections and investigations
of audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation and implementation.
Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol released by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any
issuer audits for inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. According to the PCAOB,
its December 2021 determinations under the HFCAA remain in effect. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB secures complete access to inspect,
investigate audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. It is possible when the PCAOB may reassess its determinations in the future,
and it could determine that it is still unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms in mainland China
and Hong Kong. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and related regulations currently previously did not affect the Company
as the Company s auditor is subject to PCAOB s inspections and investigations. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate
passed AHFCAA and on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed into law by President Biden, which contained,
among other things, an identical provision to AHFCAA and amended the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act by requiring the SEC to
prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for
two consecutive years instead of three, thus reducing the time before your securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. The
delisting or the cessation of trading of our Ordinary Shares, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from being traded,
may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it has completed a test
inspection of two selected auditing firms in mainland China and Hong Kong and has voted to vacate its previous Determination Report,
which concluded in December 2021 that the PCAOB could not inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms based
in mainland China or Hong Kong. On December 23, 2022 the AHFCAA was enacted, which amended the HFCAA by requiring the SEC to prohibit
an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive
years instead of three and such act was signed into law on December 29, 2022. Moreover, if trading in our securities is prohibited under
the HFCAA in the future because the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate our auditor at such future time, an
exchange may determine to delist our securities. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Below is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our common stock
speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Please refer to the information contained
in and incorporated by reference under the heading Risk Factors on page 16 of this annual report. 

4 

Risks
Associated with Our Company 

Our success depends on
 our customer s ability to market and sell their products manufactured by us. 

Our future expansion plans
 are subject to uncertainties and risks. 

Future price increases
 in raw materials or changes in the supply of raw materials may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
 and results of operations. 

Any labor shortages, increased
 labor costs or other factors affecting labor supply for our production materials may materially and adversely affect our business
 operations. 

If
 we are unable to attract additional customers and clients to purchase our services (and future products we may develop or sell) it
 will have a negative effect on our ability to generate the revenue. 

A recent joint statement
 by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the PCAOB, proposed rule changes submitted
 by Nasdaq, and the newly enacted Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent
 criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors
 who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to investing in us. 

There are uncertainties
 under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct
 investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. 

We face risks associated
 with future Chinese regulations. 

We may be exposed to concentration
 risk of heavy reliance on third-party contractors for our logistic business, and any shortage of third-party contractors may significantly
 impact on our business and results of operation. 

If we are unable to control
 the reliance of third-party contractors efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results of operations may be materially
 and adversely affected. 

We have a limited operating
 history for the new business segment of property management and subleasing, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects
 and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. In addition, our historical growth rates and profitability may not be indicative
 of our future growth and profitability. 

Natural disasters, public
 health crises or other catastrophic events may significantly limit our ability to conduct business as normal, disrupt our business
 operation and materially affect our financial condition. 

We may not succeed in continuing
 to maintain, protect and strengthen our reputation, and any negative publicity about us, our business, our management, our business
 partners, may materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and growth. 

5 

General
Risks Associated with Business Operations in China 

Investors may have difficulty
 enforcing judgments against us. 

Changes in the policies,
 regulations, rules and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government may be quick with little advance notice and could have a significant
 impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business. 

The PRC government may
 intervene or influence our business operations at any time or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and foreign
 investment in China based issuers, which could result in a material change in our business operations and/or the value of our securities.
 Additionally, the governmental and regulatory interference could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or
 continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Our independent registered
 public accounting firm s audit documentation related to their audit reports included in this prospectus include audit documentation
 located in the PRC. Our Common Stocks may be delisted or prohibited from being traded over-the-counter under the HFCAA if the PCAOB
 is unable to inspect our audit documentation located in mainland China and, as such, you may be deprived of the benefits of such
 inspection which could result in limitations or restrictions to our access to the U.S. capital markets. The delisting or the cessation
 of trading of our Common Stocks, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from being traded, may materially and adversely
 affect the value of your investment. 

To the extent cash in the
 business is in the PRC or a PRC entity, the funds may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC due
 to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of our Company or our subsidiaries by the PRC
 government to transfer cash. 

Any actions by the Chinese
 government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based
 issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause
 the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Foreign exchange fluctuations
 may affect our business. 

Inflation could pose a
 risk to our business. 

There are uncertainties
 regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

PRC regulations regarding
 acquisitions impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue
 growth through acquisitions. 

While the approval of the
 China Securities Regulatory Commission is not currently required for our offerings, it may be required in the future in connection
 with our offerings under the M A Rules and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain such approval. 

Our business may be subject
 to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity and data protection. 

PRC regulations relating
 to investments in offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners or our PRC Subsidiaries to liability
 or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC Subsidiaries or limit our PRC Subsidiaries ability to increase
 their registered capital or distribute profits. 

We
 may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject
 to PRC income tax on our global income. 

Restrictions
 on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our PRC revenue effectively. 

The
 disclosures in our reports and other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of
 any regulatory bodies in the PRC. 

Introduction of new laws
 or changes to existing laws by the PRC government may adversely affect our business. 

6 

Risks
Relating to Our Holding Company Structure 

Substantial uncertainties
 exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the newly enacted Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the
 viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations.. 

We may rely on dividends
 and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC Subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation
 on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct
 our business. 

PRC regulation of loans
 to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay
 or prevent us from using the proceeds of our offerings to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC Subsidiaries,
 which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock 

We
 may never be able to pay dividends and are unlikely to do so. 

The market price of our
 shares is likely to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors. 

Shareholders may be diluted
 significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of securities.. 

7 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Addentax
Group Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 28, 2014. We were originally incorporated to produce images on multiple
surfaces, such as glass, leather, plastic, ceramic, textile, and others using a 3D sublimation vacuum heat transfer machine. We no longer
pursue opportunities related to 3D printing positioning. 

On
December 28, 2016, we entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement SPA with Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd. YICG ),
which was incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles and principally engaged in garment manufacture, where we agreed to
acquire 100 of the equity interest in YICG and to issue five hundred million (500,000,000) restricted common shares of the Company to
YICG. The completion of the SPA took place on September 25, 2017. Following the completion of the SPA, YICG s business became our
business. 

We
have a fiscal year-end of March 31. The business office is located at Kingkey 100, Block A, Room 4805, Luohu District, Shenzhen City,
China 518000. Our telephone number is +(86) 755 8233 0336. 

Current
Business 

We
(Addentax Group Corp.) are a Nevada holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct substantially all of our operations
through our operating companies established in the People s Republic of China, or the PRC, primarily Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial
Chain Service Co., Ltd. YX ), our wholly owned subsidiary and its subsidiaries. We are not a Chinese operating company.
We are a holding company and do not directly own any substantive business operations in China. Our holding company structure involves
unique risks to investors. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our operating structure, which would likely result in a material
change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock, including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. Our holding company, Addentax Group Corp., is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol of ATXG .
We classify our businesses into three segments: garment manufacturing, logistics services, and property management and subleasing. The
Company previously engaged in the provision of epidemic prevention supplies, which included manufacturing, distribution and trading of
epidemic prevention supplies. As the COVID-19 pandemic is near an endemic, the Company ceased to operate in this business in the first
quarter of 2023. The remaining assets of this business segment were reclassified into the Corporate and others segment. The corresponding
items of segment information for the earlier periods were restated to reflect the change of the new segment structure. 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this annual report to Addentax refer to Addentax Group Corp.,
a holding company, and references to we, us, our, the Registrant ,
the Company, or our company refer to Addentax and/or its consolidated subsidiaries. Addentax
Group Corp., our Nevada holding company, is the entity in which investors are investing. 

Our subsidiaries include (i) Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd., a Republic of Seychelles company; (ii) Yingxi Industrial Chain
Investment Co., Ltd., a Hong Kong company Yingxi HK (iii) Qianhai Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd., a PRC
company; (iv) Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Services Co., Ltd, a PRC company YX ), (v) Dongguan Heng Sheng
Wei Garments Co., Ltd, a PRC company HSW ), (vi) Dongguan Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd, a PRC company YS ),
(vii) Shantou Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd, a PRC company YBY ), (viii) Shenzhen Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd., a
PRC company PF (ix) Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd, a PRC company XKJ ), (x) Shenzhen
Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd, a PRC company TD ), (xi) Dongguan Yingxi Daying Commercial Co., Ltd., a PRC company DY ), (xii) Zhuang Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd, a PRC company ZHJ ), and 
(xiii) Dongguan Au Te Si Garments Co., Ltd., a PRC company AOT ). 

PRC
Subsidiaries refer to, collectively, (i) Qianhai Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd.; (ii) Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi
Industrial Chain Services Co., Ltd YX ), (iii) Dongguan Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd HSW ), (iv)
Dongguan Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd YS (v) Shantou Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd YBY (vi) Shenzhen
Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd., a PRC company PF (vii) Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd, a PRC
company XKJ ), (viii) Shenzhen Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd, a PRC company TD ), (ix) Dongguan Yingxi
Daying Commercial Co., Ltd., a PRC company DY ), (x) Zhuang Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd, a PRC
company ZHJ ), and (xi) Dongguan Aotesi Garments Co., Ltd.,, a PRC company AOT ). 

In February 2023, the Company disposed DY to an independent third party. 

WFOE 
refers to Qianhai Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd, a wholly foreign owned enterprise in China, which is indirectly wholly owned
by Addentax Group Corp. 

8 

Our
garment manufacturing business consists of sales made principally to wholesaler located in the PRC. We have our own manufacturing
facilities, with sufficient production capacity and skilled workers on production lines to ensure that we meet our high quality
control standards and timely meet the delivery requirements for our customers. We conduct our garment manufacturing operations
through five wholly owned subsidiaries, namely Dongguan Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd HSW ), Dongguan Yushang
Clothing Co., Ltd YS ), Shantou Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd YBY ), Zhuang
Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd ZHJ ), and Dongguan Aotesi Garments Co., Ltd., AOT , which are located in the Guangdong province, China. 

Our
logistics business consists of delivery and courier services covering 86 cities in 11 provinces and three municipalities in China. Although
we have our own motor vehicles and drivers, we currently outsource some of the business to our contractors. We believe outsourcing allows
us to maximize our capacity and maintain flexibility while reducing capital expenditures and the costs of keeping drivers during slow
seasons. We conduct our logistic operations through three wholly owned subsidiaries, namely Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co.,
Ltd XKJ ), Shenzhen Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd PF and Shenzhen Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd TD ),
which are located in the Guangdong province, China. 

Our
property management and subleasing business provides shops subleasing and property management services for garment wholesalers and retailers
in the garment market. We conduct our property management and subleasing operation through a wholly owned subsidiary, namely Dongguan Yingxi
Daying Commercial Co., Ltd. DY ), which is located in the Guangdong province, China. 

In
February 2023, the Company disposed of DY to an independent third party at fair value, which was also its carrying value as of February 28, 2023. 

The
business operations, customers and suppliers of DY were retained by the Company; therefore, the disposition of the subsidiary did not
qualify as discontinued operations. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe we have the following competitive strengths: 

Cost-effective
production. We have adopted a vertical integration production process. We produce garments in our own production facilities and employ
our in-house transport teams to deliver garments to our customers. This one-stop service optimizes production efficiency and saves costs
by lowering the cost per unit, thereby achieving economies of scale. 

Stringent
quality control process. As of March 31, 2023, we had 6 employees in the production department
that are responsible for conducting our quality control process. We implement a stringent quality control process which monitors various
stages of our garment manufacturing business, including sampling checks of semi-finished products and finished products. We prepare inspection
reports to address the quality problems and make recommendations to improve the quality of our products. During final product inspection,
we pay special attention to the measurements, workmanship, ironing and packaging of our products to help best ensure that the quality
of our products comply with the specifications, standards and requirements of our customers. 

Strong
design capabilities. Our design team works closely with our customers to understand their needs and make recommendations to them.
Our design team also conducts market research and attends industry exhibitions to understand the latest market trends. As of March 31,
2023, our design team consisted of 4 members. 

9 

Extensive
delivery network. Our logistics business has nine routes and covers 86 cities in 11 provinces and 3 municipalities in the PRC. 

Business
Strategies 

Key
elements of our business and growth strategies include the following: 

Sales
of raw materials. We intend to enter into exclusive agreements with textile and garment suppliers in Southeast China to be their
exclusive agent and supply their textiles and garments to our customers. To execute this plan, we intend to set up several retailers
for the sales of textiles and garments to retail customers and supply the textiles and garments exclusively to various high-end fashion
brands. 

Development
of our own brands. We intend to develop our own brands that focus on fast fashion with teenagers being our primary target customers.
We plan to adopt a low-cost strategy at the early stage and improve the quality of our products after increasing our market share. We
are in the process of registering a trademark for our own brand and intend to start our advertising campaign after the registration of
this trademark. We plan to distribute our products in different channels, including our own retailers, co-operative retailers and franchisees. 

Expand
our delivery network. As of March 31, 2023, we provided logistics services to over 86 cities in 11 provinces and three municipalities
in the PRC. We expect to develop 20 additional logistics routes in existing serving cities and improve the Company s
profits in the year 2023. 

Develop
international logistics services and warehousing services. We intend to develop international logistics services for customers located
all over the world and international warehousing services. 

Develop
E-commerce business. We integrated resources in shopping mall, intend to develop e-commerce bases and the internet celebrity economy
together to drive to increase the value of the stores in the area. 

10 

Our
garment manufacturing business 

We
manufacture garments for various high-end fashion brands through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, HSW, YS, YBY, ZHJ, AOT, which
are located in Guangdong, the PRC. 

Operations 

Our
customer relationship team is responsible for cultivating and maintaining our relationship with customers. 

Our
design team works closely with our customer relationship team to understand our customers needs and make recommendations to them
based on their designs. 

Our
fabric team leverages our experience in fabric sourcing as well as our understanding of fabric features to recommend the types of
fabric to be used in our customers products. Our fabric team may also suggest alternative fabrics to our customers. Our
fabric team works with our research and development team to understand fabric types and aims to identify different fabric we source
and improve the quality and comfort of the fabric we produce. 

Our
product and technical team are mainly responsible for development samples of products, preparing structural and production guidance of
products as well as producing paper patterns for our garment production team. Upon order confirmation from our customers, our customer
relationship team informs our fabric team to carry out raw material sourcing. 

We
source finished fabric and yarns from our suppliers for garment production. The procedures for fabric production are normally divided
into the following stages: (i) spinning; (ii) weaving or knitting; (iii) dyeing or printing; and (iv) finishing. Generally, our fabric
team requires four to six weeks to source raw materials from our suppliers. 

Our
garment production team is responsible for producing garments based on the raw materials we source. The major stages involved in garment
production include: (i) paper patterning; (ii) fabric cutting; (iii) sewing; (iv) interim quality inspection; (v) trimming; (vi) washing;
and (vii) ironing. 

Seasonality 

We
generally receive more purchase orders during our second and third quarters and fewer manufacture orders during May and June. 

Credit
period 

For
our long-term and established customers with good payment track records, we generally provide payment terms between 30 to 180 days
following the delivery of finished goods. For our new customers, we generally require advances or deposits to be made when placing orders. 

Our
logistics business 

We
pack products and provide logistics service to our customers through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, XKJ, PF and TD which are located
in Guangdong province, the PRC. Our in-house logistics teams deliver to approximately 11 provinces and three municipalities in
the PRC. 

Where
a customer is located in an area not covered by our delivery fleet or where our in-house logistics teams are fully engaged, we will outsource
delivery to third-party contractors. We believe outsourcing allows us to maximize our delivery capacity and improve inventory flexibility
while minimizing capital expenditures, such as shipping costs and the costs of additional drivers during low seasons. 

11 

Our
logistics services 

We
provide comprehensive logistics services to our customers, which include storage, transportation, warehousing, handling, packaging and
order processing. We also provide customs declaration and tax clearance service to our customers who export goods to overseas. 

Our
network 

We
have 848 logistics points and they are located in 11 provinces and three municipalities which cover 86 cities in the PRC. 

Our
internal management 

Our
management in the logistics business is responsible for setting out business strategies and managing the daily operation.
Specifically, they have regular meetings with different departments, conduct inspection and supervise the finance department,
operation department and administration department. 

Seasonality 

We
generally receive more delivery orders in our third and fourth quarters and are more vulnerable to shipping delays in the PRC during
Chinese New Year due to traffic and port congestion, border crossing delays and customs clearance issues. 

Credit
period 

We
generally require payments from the customers between 30 to 90 days following their acknowledgement of receipt of goods. 

Customers
and Suppliers 

Customers 

Our
customer base is diverse. Our customers in the garment manufacturing business are mainly garment wholesalers and retailers and our
customers in logistics business are mainly trading companies and logistic companies. No single customers accounted for more than 30 
of our net sales for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2023 

Suppliers 

We
procured our garments through various textile companies in our garment manufacturing business. In our logistics business, we procured
from packing companies and transportation companies. No single supplier accounted for more than 30 of our total costs for
the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2023. 

Inventory 

Garment
manufacturing business . We maintain our raw materials in our storage facilities. We review our inventory levels in order to identify
slow-moving materials and broken assortments. 

Logistics
business . Since we deliver products as soon as we receive orders from customers, we do not operate distribution centers and hence
do not need to carry a significant amount of inventory. 

Our
property management and subleasing business. We do not need to carry a significant amount of inventory due to the nature of the business. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company, through its subsidiary Shenzhen Qianhai Industrial Chain Co.Ltd., herein referred as YX, received the approval
of the trademarks below in relation to its business from PRC government. 

12 

Competition 

While
the PRC is still the world s largest clothing manufacturer with enormous production capacity, oversupply, increasing labor costs
and rising local protectionism have eroded its competitiveness. 

The
principal competitive factors in the garment manufacturing market include: 

brand awareness and focus; 

breadth of product offerings; and 

quality control. 

The
principal competitive factors in the logistics market include: 

delivery time; and 

network coverage. 

The
principal competitive factors in the property management and subleasing market include: 

Cost control; and 

network coverage. 

We
believe we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of the above factors as a result of our market position and customer base.
By offering one-stop-shop services and affordable price points, we provide services to our customers that are difficult for other competitors
to address. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 96 employees and there was no labor union established by our employees. The following
table sets out a breakdown of the number of employees by function as of March 31, 2023: 

Function 
 Number of employees 
 
 Administration 
 22 
 
 Finance 
 8 
 
 Logistics 
 3 
 
 Marketing 
 4 
 
 Operation 
 32 
 
 Productive 
 27 
 
 Total 
 96 

13 

According
to PRC regulations, we must participate in various employee social security plans organized by local governments, including pension,
unemployment insurance, childbirth insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance and housing insurance. We are also required
under PRC law to contribute to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our
employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time. 

We
believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and to date we have not experienced any significant labor disputes. 

Government
Regulations 

Currently,
apart from customary business laws and regulations, the PRC government does not regulate the garment manufacturing business and logistics
business. The PRC government may, however, from time to time institute rules and regulations on such businesses which makes it difficult
or impossible for us to operate successfully, if at all, in the PRC. Please see the section on Risk Factors for further
details. 

The
PRC government encourages small to medium-sized companies in traditional industries, such as garment manufacturing, to modernize their
business models with technological updates in order to sharpen their competitive edge in global markets. 

PRC
Limitation on Overseas Listing and Share Issuances 

Neither
we nor our subsidiaries are currently required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities, including the China Securities Regulatory
Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to list on U.S. exchanges or issue securities to foreign investors,
however, if our subsidiaries or the holding company were required to obtain approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese
authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue listing on U.S. exchange, which would materially affect the interest
of the investors. It is uncertain when and whether the Company will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list
on U.S. exchanges in the future, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although the Company
is currently not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC central or local government to obtain such permission and has not
received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or
future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry; if we inadvertently conclude that such approvals are not required when
they are, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain approval in the future. 

On
December 24, 2021, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, issued Provisions of the State Council on the Administration
of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) (the Administration Provisions ),
and the Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Measures ),
which were open for public comments by January 23, 2022. The Administration Provisions and Measures for overseas listings lay out specific
requirements for filing documents and include unified regulation management, strengthening regulatory coordination, and cross-border
regulatory cooperation. Domestic companies seeking to list abroad must carry out relevant security screening procedures if their businesses
involve supervisions such as foreign investment security and cyber security reviews. Companies endangering national security are among
those off-limits for overseas listings. As the Administration Provisions and Measures have not yet come into effect, we are currently
unaffected by them. However, it is uncertain when the Administration Provision and the Measures will take effect or if they will take
effect as currently drafted. 

As
of the date of this prospectus, other than the response we recently received from the CSRC confirming that our offering under this prospectus
does not require the examination and approval of the CSRC in accordance with the existing PRC legislation and regulations (for more details
about this response from the CSRC, see Risk Factors General Risks Associated with Business Operation in China - While
the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission is not currently required for our offerings, it may be required in the future
in connection with our offerings under the M A Rules and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain such approval ),
we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions or regulatory objection to our offerings from the CSRC, CAC or any other
PRC governmental authorities, and we believe our PRC Subsidiaries have obtained all requisite permissions from PRC governmental authorities
to operate our business as currently conducted under relevant PRC laws and regulations. 

14 

Currently,
each of our PRC Subsidiaries holds and maintains a business license issued by the local market supervision and administration bureau,
and has received all requisite permissions and approvals in order to conduct and operate our business. Based on our understanding of
the PRC laws and regulations, our PRC businesses only require business licenses issued and approved from the relevant local authorities
and do not require any other permissions or approvals to operate their PRC business operations. Further, we have not relied upon an opinion
of a PRC counsel in drawing such conclusion in the current registration statement for the following reasons: (i) during our IPO process
which was closed on September 2, 2022, we previously engaged a local PRC counsel, Hiways Law Firm (Shenzhen), to assist with the PRC
disclosures in the IPO registration statement on Form S-1 and Hiways Law Firm (Shenzhen) confirmed such conclusion; (ii) the time period
between the IPO and the submission of the current registration statement on January 25, 2023 is not substantial; (iii) no material changes
occurred with respect to our PRC business operations since the IPO; and (iv) the expenses of engaging Hiway Law Firm or another PRC counsel
for the current registration statement will be unduly burdensome on the Company; and thus, the Company has not sought out to engage a
PRC counsel to obtain an additional opinion for the current registration statement. As of the date of this prospectus, none of our PRC
Subsidiaries has been denied or punished by relevant governmental authorities due to its business qualifications. In addition, we (Addentax
Group Corp.) and our non-PRC subsidiaries have also received all requisite permissions and approvals in order to conduct and operate
our business. 

In
order to promote domestic enterprises to carry out overseas capital market activities in accordance with law and compliance, the CSRC
issued the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five supporting
guidelines (collectively referred to as the Overseas Listing Filing Rules) on February 17, 2023, and took effect on March 31, 2023. The
Overseas Listing Filing Rules clarify the relevant rules of the Chinese government on the management of overseas issuance, including
but not limited to (i) Initial public offerings or listings in overseas markets shall be filed with the CSRC within 3 working days after
the relevant application is submitted overseas. Subsequent securities offerings of an issuer in the same overseas market where it has
previously offered and listed securities shall be filed with the CSRC within 3 working days after the offering is completed. Subsequent
securities offerings and listings of an issuer in other overseas markets than where it has offered and listed shall be filed as Initial
public offerings; (ii) A negative list that prohibits overseas offering and listing; (iii) The reporting obligations of the issuer after
filing, such as the change of control, voluntary or mandatory delisting and other major changes after overseas issuance or listing, the
issuer should bare the obligation to report to the CSRC; (iv) Legal liability, such as failure to fulfill the filing procedures, or violation
of relevant regulations in overseas listing, the CSRC shall order rectification, issue warnings to such domestic company, and impose
a fine of between RMB 1,000,000 yuan and RMB 10,000,000 yuan. Directly liable persons-in-charge and other directly liable persons shall
be warned and each imposed a fine of between RMB 500,000 yuan and RMB 5,000,000 yuan. 

Specifically,
under the Overseas Listing Filing Rules, our Company, as an enterprise already listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market before March 31, 2023,
and is not required to make immediate filings for its listing. However, if we issue subsequent offering on the Nasdaq Capital Market or
list in other overseas markets in the future, we shall file with the CSRC in accordance with the Overseas Listing Filing Rules;
In case of major changes, it is also necessary to report the specific situation to the CSRC. Otherwise, the Company shall bear corresponding
legal responsibilities. As the Overseas Listing Filing Rules are newly issued, there is still uncertainty about their interpretations
and implementations. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete any documents for our future issuance in a timely
manner and fully comply with the relevant new rules. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to tightened regulatory
review and subsequent interference by the Chinese government. 

Transfers
of Cash to and from our Subsidiaries 

We
(Addentax Group Corp.) are a Nevada holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct substantially all of our operations
through the operating companies established in the PRC, primarily Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Service Co., Ltd. YX ),
our wholly owned subsidiary and its subsidiaries. We are not a Chinese operating company. We are a holding company and do not directly
own any substantive business operations in China. As a result, although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding
company level, Addentax s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders and to service any debt it may incur may depend upon dividends
paid by our PRC Subsidiaries. If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own in the future, the instruments governing such debt may
restrict its ability to pay dividends to Addentax. In addition, our PRC Subsidiaries are required to make appropriations to certain statutory
reserve funds, which are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of a solvent liquidation of the companies. 

Current
PRC regulations permit our PRC Subsidiaries to pay dividends to us through Yingxi HK, our intermediate holding subsidiary in Hong Kong,
only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition,
each of our PRC Subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve
until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion
of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion
of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate
future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except
in the event of liquidation. 

15 

The
PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC.
Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency
for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our PRC Subsidiaries incur debt on their own in the future, the
instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. 

Cash
dividends, if any, on our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes,
any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding
tax at a rate of up to 10.0 . 

In
order for us to pay dividends to our shareholders, we will rely on the distribution of dividends, through the WFOE, to Yingxi HK from
our PRC Subsidiaries. As of the date hereof, none of our PRC Subsidiaries has distributed any dividends to Yingxi HK. 

Pursuant
to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax
Evasion on Income, or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident
enterprise owns no less than 25 of a PRC project. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements
must be satisfied, including without limitation that (a) the Hong Kong project must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends;
and (b) the Hong Kong project must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC project during the 12 consecutive months
preceding its receipt of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong project must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong
Kong tax authority to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident
certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant
Hong Kong tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends
to be paid by our WFOE to its immediate holding company, Yingxi HK. As of the date of this annual report, we have not applied for the
tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. Yingxi HK intends to apply for the tax resident certificate when
WFOE plans to declare and pay dividends to Yingxi HK. 

As
of the date hereof, we have had no transactions that involved the transfer of cash or assets throughout our corporate structure. The
PRC Subsidiaries have not transferred cash or other assets to Addentax, including by way of dividends. However, to the extent cash in
the business is in the PRC/Hong Kong or is in our PRC or Hong Kong subsidiaries, there can be no assurance that the PRC government will
not intervene or impose restrictions or limitations on the ability of Addentax or Addentax s subsidiaries to transfer cash. As
a result, such funds may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC or Hong Kong. Addentax does not currently
plan or anticipate transferring cash or other assets from our operations in China to any non-Chinese entity. We intend to retain most,
if not all, of available funds and any future earnings after this offering to the development and growth of our business in China. As
of the date hereof, no transfers, dividends, or distributions have been made to our investors. Further, our management is directly supervising
cash management. Our finance department is responsible for establishing the cash management policies and procedures among our departments
and the operating entities. Each department or operating entity initiates a cash request by putting forward a cash demand plan, which
explains the specific amount and timing of cash requested, and submitting it to designated management members of our Company, based on
the amount and the use of cash requested. The designated management member examines and approves the allocation of cash based on the
sources of cash and the priorities of the needs, and submits it to the cashier specialists of our finance department for a second review.
Other than the above, we currently do not have other cash management policies or procedures that dictate how funds are transferred nor
a written policy that addresses how we will handle any limitations on cash transfers due to PRC law. 

 . 

 Holding
Foreign Company Accountable Act 

Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, if the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor. 

Pursuant
to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China of the People s Republic of China because of
a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the
PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB s report identified the specific
registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations. 

The
PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections in China without the approval of Chinese government authorities. If it is later determined
that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection.
Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely inspected by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken
in China that prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors audits and their quality control procedures, could result
in a lack of assurance that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. 

16 

Our
auditor, Pan-China Singapore, the independent registered public accounting firm that issued the audit report included in this Annual
Report, is subject to PCAOB inspections. Pan-China Singapore is headquartered in Singapore and there are no limitations in Singapore
on PCAOB inspections. Therefore, we believe that, as of the date of this Annual Report, our auditor is not subject to the determinations
announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021 relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public
accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong because of a position taken by one or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong.
However, to the extent that our auditor s work papers may, in the future, become located in China, such work papers will not be
subject to inspection by the PCAOB because the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities.
Inspections of certain other firms that the PCAOB has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms audit
procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality.
The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditors work papers in China would make it more difficult to evaluate
the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that
are subject to PCAOB inspections. As a result, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of the PCAOB s oversight of our auditor
through such inspections and they may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial
statements. We cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or other regulatory authorities will apply additional or more stringent criteria to us.
Such uncertainty could cause the market price of our Ordinary Shares to be materially and adversely affected. 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it had signed the Protocol with the CSRC and the MOF, which governs inspections
and investigations of audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation
and implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol released by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion
to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. According
to the PCAOB, its December 2021 determinations under the HFCAA remain in effect. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB secures complete access
to inspect, investigate audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. It is possible when the PCAOB may reassess its determinations
in the future, and it could determine that it is still unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and related regulations currently previously did not affect
the Company as the Company s auditor is subject to PCAOB s inspections and investigations. 

Moreover,
if trading in our securities is prohibited under the HFCAA in the future because the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully
investigate our auditor at such a future time, an exchange may determine to delist our securities. 

Furthermore,
on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed AHFCAA and on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed into law by
President Biden, which contained, among other things, an identical provision to AHFCAA and amended the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act by requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject
to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three, thus reducing the time before your securities may be prohibited from
trading or delisted. The delisting or the cessation of trading of our Ordinary Shares, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited
from being traded, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

On
December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it has completed a test inspection of two selected auditing firms in mainland China and Hong
Kong and has voted to vacate its previous Determination Report, which concluded in December 2021 that the PCAOB could not inspect or
investigate completely registered public accounting firms based in mainland China or Hong Kong. On December 23, 2022 the AHFCAA was enacted,
which amended the HFCAA by requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its
auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three and such act was signed into law on December 29,
2022. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, which could materially and adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business faces significant risks and the risks described below may not be
the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may materially affect
our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If any of these risks occur, the trading price of our common stock could
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the challenges we
face, including the ones discussed in this section. In the event that any of the events described in the risk factors below occur, it
could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flow and cause the value of our securities to decline in value or become
worthless. 

Risks
Associated with Our Company 

Our
success depends on our customers ability to market and sell their products manufactured by us. 

All
of our customers in our garment manufacturing business are garment wholesalers and retailers. Consequently, our business and results
of operations are directly affected by the demand of their end customers for their products supplied by us. Drastic changes in consumer
preferences are beyond our control and will affect the demand for certain products supplied by us. We may not be able to anticipate and
respond to such changes in consumer preferences in a timely manner. If the sales of our customers products decrease or do not
grow as we expect, our customers may decrease the volume or purchase price of their orders, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
future expansion plans are subject to uncertainties and risks. 

We
have set out our future business plans in the Business Strategies section in this report. The implementation of such future
plans requires us to effectively manage our sales, procurement, new logistics points and other aspects of our operations. If we fail
to effectively and efficiently implement our future plans, we may not be successful in achieving desirable and profitable results. Even
if we effectively and efficiently implement our future plans, there may be other unexpected events or factors that prevent us from achieving
the desirable and profitable results from the implementation of our future plans, such as changes in our ability to comply with local
rules and regulations or any delays or difficulties in obtaining the necessary licenses and approvals from local governments. Our business,
financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected if our future expansion plans
fail to achieve positive results. 

17 

If
we are unable to create brand influence, we may face difficulties in attracting new business partners and clients. 

Our
brand is still being nurtured. It is of critical importance that we create and develop brand awareness in our industry in order to attract
new clients and business partners. Our major competitors have built well-known brands and continue to increase their influence. Our failure
to create and develop brand awareness for any reason may result in a material adverse effect on our business, operational results, and
financial position. 

Our
ability to adequately protect our trade names, trademarks and patents could have an impact on our brand images and ability to penetrate
new markets. 

We
believe that our trade names, trademarks and patents are important assets and an essential element of our strategy. We have applied the
registration of these trade names, trademarks and patents in China and Hong Kong, and these registrations are currently pending approval
from the corresponding departments. There can be no assurance that we will obtain such registrations or that the registrations we obtain
will prevent the imitation of our products or infringement of our intellectual property rights by others. In particular, the laws of
certain foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. If any third-party copies our
products or our stores in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, it could have a material adverse effect
on our brand image and reputation as well as our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We
may be impacted by our ability to adequately source, distribute and sell merchandise and other materials in China. 

We
face a variety of other risks generally associated with doing business in China. For example: 

political instability,
 significant health hazards, environmental hazards or natural disasters which could negatively affect international economies, financial
 markets and business activity; 

imposition of new or retaliatory
 trade duties, sanctions or taxes and other charges on imports or exports; 

evolving, new or complex
 legal and regulatory matters; 

volatility in currency
 exchange rates; 

local business practice
 and political issues (including issues relating to compliance with domestic or international labor standards) which may result in
 adverse publicity or threatened or actual adverse consumer actions, including boycotts; 

potential delays or disruptions
 in shipping and transportation and related pricing impacts; 

disruption due to labor
 disputes; and 

changing expectations regarding
 product safety due to new legislation or other factors. 

We
also rely upon third-party transportation providers for certain of our product shipments, including shipments to and from our distribution
centers to our customers. Our utilization of these delivery services for shipments is subject to risks, including increases in labor
costs and fuel prices, which would increase our shipping costs, and associate strikes and inclement weather, which may impact our transportation
providers ability to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. 

18 

Future
price increases in raw materials or changes in the supply of raw materials may materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The
purchase of raw materials accounted for a substantial amount of our total purchases. The price of finished fabric and yarns can be volatile
and affected by factors such as weather, industry demand and supply. We cannot assure you that we can fully pass on the increased cost
in raw materials to our customers. Future price increases in raw materials or changes in the supply of raw materials may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
top customers accounted for a major portion of our total revenue for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 and may materially adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, two customers accounted for approximately 41.23 and 17.23 of the Company s total garment manufacturing
revenues. For the year ended March 31, 2022, one customer accounted for approximately 96.9 of the Company s total garment manufacturing
revenues. For the year ended March 31, 2023, one customer accounted for approximately 20.39 of the Company s total logistic services
revenues. For the year ended March 31, 2022, one customer accounted for approximately 14.4 of the Company s total logistic services
revenues. However, our top customers are not obligated in any way to continue to provide us with new businesses in the future at a level
similar to that in the past or at all. If any of our top customers reduce their orders with us or terminate their business relationship
with our Group and if we are not able to secure orders of a comparable size from other customers as replacement, our business operations
and financial performance may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
are exposed to concentration risk of heavy reliance on our major supplier for the supply of our products, and any shortage of, or delay
in, the supply may significantly impact on our business and results of operation. 

During
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately 100.0 and 99.3 of total inventory purchases were from the Company s
five largest suppliers, respectively. Our business, financial condition and operating results depend on the continuous supply of products
from our largest suppliers and our continuous supplier-customer relationship with them. Our heavy reliance on our largest suppliers for
the supply of our products will have significant impact on our business and results of operation in the event of any shortage of, or
delay in the supply. 

19 

Any
labor shortages, increased labor costs or other factors affecting labor supply for our production materials may materially and adversely
affect our business operations. 

We
rely on skilled workers to a significant extent as our production process in our garment manufacturing business is labor intensive in
nature. Our business performance relies on the steady supply of relatively low cost labor in the PRC. There is no guarantee that our
supply of labor will not be disrupted or that our labor costs will not increase. If we fail to retain our existing labor resources and/or
recruit sufficient labor in a timely manner, we may not be able to accommodate sudden increases in demand for our products. 

Labor
costs are affected by the demand for and supply of labor and economic factors, such as the inflation rate and costs of living. Labor
costs may further increase in the future due to a shortage of skilled labor and growing industry demands. The failure to identify and
recruit replacement staff immediately following the unexpected loss of skilled workers could reduce our competitiveness. In addition,
we expect continued increases in labor costs in the PRC. In these circumstances, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
may be impacted by our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified associates and manage labor-related costs. 

We
believe our competitive advantage is providing a positive, engaging and satisfying experience for each customer, which requires us to
have highly trained and engaged associates. Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, develop and retain a sufficient
number of qualified associates, including skill intensive labor. The turnover rate in the textile industry is generally high, and qualified
individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in our operations. Competition
for such qualified individuals or changes in labor laws could require us to incur higher labor costs. Our inability to recruit a sufficient
number of qualified individuals in the future may delay planned delivery of finished products or affect the speed with which we expand.
Delayed deliveries, significant increases in associate turnover rates or significant increases in labor-related costs could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We
may be impacted by our vendors ability to manufacture and deliver raw materials in a timely manner, meet quality standards and
comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

We
purchase raw materials from third-party vendors. Factors outside our control, such as production or shipping delays or quality problems,
could disrupt merchandise deliveries and result in lost sales, cancellation charges or excessive markdowns. 

In
addition, quality problems could result in a product liability judgment or a widespread product recall that may negatively impact our
sales and profitability for a period of time depending on product availability, competition reaction and consumer attitudes. Even if
the product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertions could adversely
impact our reputation with existing and potential customers and our brand image. 

Our
business could also suffer if our third-party vendors fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations. While our internal and vendor s
operating guidelines promote ethical business practices and our associates visit and monitor the operations of our third-party vendors,
we do not control these vendors or their practices. The violation of labor, environmental or other laws by third-party vendors used by
us, or the divergence of a third-party vendor s or partner s labor or environmental practices from those generally accepted
as ethical or appropriate, could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or damage our reputation. 

20 

Large
and similar sized competitors could steal our market share by offering lower prices. 

We
endeavor to provide the highest possible quality service to our clients at the best possible price, however, large and similar sized
competitors might steal some of our market share by offering lower prices, causing us to lose some of our clients. If this happens, we
might not be able to generate adequate revenues and may soon find ourselves lacking the capital that is required to continue operations. 

If
we are unable to attract additional customers and clients to purchase our services (and future products we may develop or sell), it will
have a negative effect on our ability to generate the revenue. 

We
currently have a limited number of clients and customers. We have identified additional potential clients, but we cannot guarantee that
we will be able to secure them as clients. Even if we obtain additional clients and customers, there is no guarantee that we will be
able develop products and/or services that our clients and customers will want to purchase. If we are unable to attract enough customers
and clients to purchase services (and any products we may develop or sell) it will have a negative effect on our ability to generate
the revenue that is necessary to operate or expand our business. The lack of sufficient revenue will have a negative effect on the ability
of our company to continue operations and could force us to cease operations. 

We
may be adversely affected by the performance of third-party contractors. 

We
engaged third-party contractors to carry out logistics services. We endeavor to engage third-party companies with a strong reputation
and track record, high performance reliability and adequate financial resources. However, any such third-party contractor may still fail
to provide satisfactory logistics services at a level of quality or within the timeframe required by us or our customers. While we
generally require our logistics contractors to fully reimburse us for any losses arising from delay in delivery or non-delivery, our
results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected if any of the losses are not borne by them. If the performance
of any third-party contractor is not satisfactory, we may need to replace such contractor or take other remedial actions, which could
adversely affect the cost structure and delivery schedule of our products and thus have a negative impact on our reputation, financial
position and business operations. In addition, as we are expanding our business into other geographical locations in the PRC, there may
be a shortage of third-party contractors that meet our quality standards and other selection criteria in such locations and, as a result,
we may not be able to engage a sufficient number of high-quality third-party contractors in a timely manner, which may adversely affect
our delivery schedules and delivery costs and hence our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

We
may be exposed to concentration risk of heavy reliance on third-party contractors for our logistic business, and any shortage of third-party
contractors may significantly impact on our business and results of operation. 

The
Company relied on a few subcontractors for our logistic business, in which the subcontracting fees to our largest contractor
represented approximately 25.2 and 14.8 of total cost of revenues for our logistics service segment for the years ended March 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in subcontracting fee to the largest contractor was mainly to optimize resources and cost
efficiencies. We have not experienced any disputes with our subcontractors, and we believe we maintain good relationships with our
contract logistic service provider. 

If
we are unable to control the reliance of third-party contractors efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected . 

We
engaged subcontractors to carry out logistics services. Subcontracting fees for our logistics business for the year ended March 31, 2023
decreased to approximately 1.1 million from 2.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, representing a decrease of approximately
53.0 . Subcontracting fees accounted for 23.24 and 42.9 of our total logistics business revenue in the years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

If
we are unable to control the reliance of subcontractors efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected. 

21 

Our
insurance may not be sufficient. 

We
carry insurance that we consider adequate in regard to the nature of the covered risks and the costs of coverage. We are not fully insured
against all possible risks, nor are all such risks insurable. 

Natural
disasters, public health crises or other catastrophic events may significantly limit our ability to conduct business as normal, disrupt
our business operation and materially affect our financial condition. 

Our
operations, and the operations of our new business segment of property management and subleasing, are vulnerable to interruptions by
natural disasters, public health crises and catastrophic events. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic caused the Chinese government
to take unprecedented measures to contain the virus, such as lock-down of cities, nationwide travel restriction and compulsory quarantine
requirements. During the outbreak, we had to temporarily close our office facilities, restrict employee travel, switch to online virtual
meetings or even cancel meetings with partners. There continue to be significant uncertainties associated with the coronavirus, including
with respect to the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and actions that
may be taken by Chinese or other governmental authorities to contain the coronavirus or to treat its impact. Any significant disruption
resulting from this or similar epidemics on a large scale or over a prolonged period of time could cause significant disruption to our
business until we would be able to resume normal business operations, negatively affecting our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our
business depends on the continued contributions made by Mr. Hong Zhida, as our key executive officer, the loss of whom may result in a
severe impediment to our business. 

Our
success is dependent upon the continued contributions made by our CEO and President, Mr. Hong Zhida. We rely on his expertise in business
operations when we are developing new products and services. The Company has no Key Man insurance to cover the resulting
losses in the event that any of our officer or directors should die or resign. 

If
Mr. Hong Zhida cannot serve the Company or is no longer willing to do so, the Company may not be able to find alternatives in a timely
manner or at all. This would likely result in severe damage to our business operations and would have an adverse material impact on
our financial position and operational results. To continue as a viable operation, the Company may have to recruit and train replacement
personnel at a higher cost. 

Additionally,
if Mr. Hong Zhida joins our competitors or develops similar businesses that are in competition with our Company, our business may also
be negatively impacted. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified long-term staff to fill management, technology, sales, marketing,
and customer services positions. We have a great need for qualified talent, but we may not be successful in attracting, hiring, developing,
and retaining the talent required for our success. 

We
may be adversely impacted by certain compliance or legal matters. 

We,
along with third parties we do business with, are subject to complex compliance and litigation risks. Actions filed against us from time
to time include commercial, tort, intellectual property, customer, employment, wage and hour, data privacy, securities, anti-corruption
and other claims, including purported class action lawsuits. The cost of defending against these types of claims against us or the ultimate
resolution of such claims, whether by settlement or adverse court decision, may harm our business. Further, potential claimants may be
encouraged to bring lawsuits based on a settlement from us or adverse court decisions against us. We cannot currently assess the likely
outcome of such suits, but if the outcome were negative, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

In
addition, we may be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, that could have
a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common stock, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

Failure
to make adequate contributions to various employee benefits plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. 

Companies
operating in China are required to participate in various government sponsored employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance,
housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of
salaries, including bonuses and allowances, of employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time at
locations where they operate their businesses. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not been implemented consistently by the
local governments in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. As of March 31, 2022, we have made
adequate employee benefit payments in strict compliance with the relevant PRC regulations for and on behalf of our employees. 

There
is no guarantee that we will not fail in making adequate employee benefit payments in strict compliance with applicable PRC labor related
laws and regulations in the future. Our failure in making contributions to various employee benefits plans in strict compliance with
applicable PRC labor related laws and regulations may subject us to late payment penalties, and we could also be required to make up
the contributions for these plans as well as to pay late fees and fines. If we are subject to late fees or fines in relation to the underpaid
employee benefits, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

22 

A
recent joint statement by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the PCAOB, proposed
rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the newly enacted Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional
and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially
the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to investing in us. 

On
April 21, 2020, the SEC and the PCAOB released a joint statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based
in or having substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack
of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. 

On
May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply a minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating
in a Restrictive Market, (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or the board of directors
for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the
qualifications of the company s auditor. 

On
December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act was signed by previous President of the United States
and became law. This legislation requires certain issuers of securities to establish that they are not owned or controlled by a foreign
government. Specifically, an issuer must make this certification if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the issuer
has retained a foreign public accounting firm not subject to inspection by the PCAOB. Furthermore, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
the issuer s public accounting firm for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities are banned from trade on a national
exchange or through other methods. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure
requirements of the HFCAA. The interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report
on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that
jurisdiction. The SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required
to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction,
and will also require disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence
on, such a registrant. 

Furthermore,
on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which, if
enacted, would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges
if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. If the AHFCAA is enacted, and if we are
subject to it, it would decrease the number of non-inspection years from three years to two years, and thus, would reduce
the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. 

On
September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted rules to create a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA,
whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize the interim final rules previously adopted in March 2021 to implement the submission
and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with
an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China of the People s Republic of China, because of a position
taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. The PCAOB has made such designations as mandated under the HFCAA. Pursuant
to each annual determination by the PCAOB, the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms
and thus are at risk of such suspensions in the future. 

23 

The
PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections in China without the approval of Chinese government authorities. If it is later determined
that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection.
Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely inspected by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken
in China that prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors audits and their quality control procedures, could result
in a lack of assurance that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. 

Our
auditor, Pan-China Singapore, the independent registered public accounting firm that issued the audit report included in this Annual
Report, is subject to PCAOB inspections. Pan-China Singapore is headquartered in Singapore and there are no limitations in Singapore
on PCAOB inspections. Therefore, we believe that, as of the date of this Annual Report, our auditor is not subject to the determinations
announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021 relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public
accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong because of a position taken by one or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong.
However, to the extent that our auditor s work papers may, in the future, become located in China, such work papers will not be
subject to inspection by the PCAOB because the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities.
Inspections of certain other firms that the PCAOB has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms audit
procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality.
The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditors work papers in China would make it more difficult to evaluate
the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that
are subject to PCAOB inspections. As a result, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of the PCAOB s oversight of our auditor
through such inspections and they may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial
statements. We cannot assure you whether Nasdaq or other regulatory authorities will apply additional or more stringent criteria to us.
Such uncertainty could cause the market price of our Ordinary Shares to be materially and adversely affected. 

There
are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies
to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. 

On
December 28, 2019, the newly amended Securities Law of the PRC (the PRC Securities Law was promulgated, which became effective
on March 1, 2020. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law Article 177 ), the securities regulatory authority
of the State Council may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with securities regulatory authorities of another country or region
for the implementation of cross-border supervision and administration. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory
authorities shall not engage in activities pertaining to investigations or evidence collection directly conducted within the territories
of the PRC, and that no Chinese entities or individuals shall provide documents and information in connection with securities business
activities to any organizations and/or persons aboard without the prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council
and the competent departments of the State Council. As
of the date of this annual report, we are not aware of any implementing rules or regulations which have been published regarding application
of Article 177. 

As
advised by our PRC counsel, Article 177 is only applicable where the activities of overseas authorities constitute a direct investigation
or evidence collection by such authorities within the territory of the PRC. Our principal business operation is conducted in the PRC.
In the event that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies carry out an investigation on us such as an enforcement action by the Department
of Justice, the SEC or other authorities, such agencies activities will constitute conducting an investigation or collecting evidence
directly within the territory of the PRC and accordingly fall within the scope of Article 177. In that case, the U.S. securities regulatory
agencies may have to consider establishing cross-border cooperation with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial
assistance, diplomatic channels or establishing a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC.
However, there is no assurance that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies will succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation
in this particular case and/or establish such cooperation in a timely manner. 

24 

Furthermore,
as Article 177 is a recently promulgated provision and, as the date of this annual report, there have not been implementing rules or
regulations regarding the application of Article 177, it remains unclear as to how it will be interpreted, implemented or applied by
the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission or other relevant government authorities. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures
and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory
of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine
to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also delist our securities from Nasdaq or other applicable trading market
within the US. 

We
are exposed to liabilities relating to environmental protection and safety laws and regulations. 

Our
operations are subject to comprehensive and frequently changing laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health
and safety. The discharge of waste and pollutants from our manufacturing operations into the environment may give rise to liabilities
that may require us to incur costs to remedy such discharge. If we violate such laws or regulations, we may be required to implement
corrective actions and could be subject to civil or criminal fines or penalties or other sanctions. 

However,
we cannot assure you that any environmental laws adopted in the future will not materially increase our operating costs and other expenses.
We cannot assure you that we will not have to make significant capital or operating expenditures in the future in order to comply with
existing or new laws and regulations or that we will comply with applicable environmental laws at all times. Such violations or liability
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
our employees do not maintain a strong work ethic and comply with our code of ethics, including our confidentiality requirements, their
actions may negatively influence our business and reputation. 

Employees
with good professional ethics are important for any company s development. An employee might, either intentionally or unintentionally,
disclose confidential information about our Company or our clients and particularly unscrupulous employees might endeavor to sell material
information to industry competitors. Furthermore, our employees will develop relationships with our business partners and clients, and
may acquire information that could be used to harm their business interests. If this should happen, our partners and clients might lose
faith in our company. While we can never eliminate these ethical risks entirely, we will attempt to reduce the likelihood of breaches
of trust and mitigate their impacts of it by hiring highly professional employees and establishing strong internal information management
systems. 

We
also plan to establish a series of policies to reduce the likelihood of such events. 

However,
in the event that any employee discloses confidential information about our Company or our clients or sells material information to industry
competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operations and cash flow. 

We
face risks associated with future Chinese regulations. 

Currently
there are no government regulations in China regarding our type of services. The Chinese government encourages small-medium sized traditional
industry companies to conduct business model transformation and technology updates, which may help companies gain more competitive advantages
in international markets. 

Other
than the required adherence to general business laws and regulatory disclosures, our services are not affected by any specific additional
Chinese government regulations. However, this does not preclude the possibility that China may institute regulations that will make it
difficult or impossible for us to operate successfully, if at all, in the future. If that occurs, we may have to focus our business on
companies located outside China. This could cause our results of operations to be materially adversely affected, reduce our revenues
and cause the value of our securities to decline in value. 

25 

We
may require additional financing in the future and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain required additional financing
when needed. 

We
may need to obtain additional debt or equity financing to fund future capital expenditures. While we do not anticipate seeking additional
financing in the immediate future, any additional equity may result in dilution to the holders of our outstanding shares of capital stock.
Additional debt financing may include conditions that would restrict our freedom to operate our business, such as conditions that: 

limit our ability to pay
 dividends or require us to seek consent for the payment of dividends; 

increase our vulnerability
 to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

require us to dedicate
 a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund capital
 expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes; and 

limit our flexibility in
 planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 

We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 

Natural
disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us. 

Natural
disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy,
and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power
shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. This may result in delivery delays, malfunctioning of facilities or shutdown
of logistic points. Such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our products and services to our customers and
could decrease demand for our services. In the past, there was no significant disruption of operation at our production facilities and
logistic points. However, we could not assure you that the production facilities and logistic points will always operate normally in
the future. 

We
are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

26 

General
Risks Associated with Business Operations in China 

The
PRC government may intervene or influence our business operations at any time or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas
and foreign investment in China based issuers, which could result in a material change in our business operations and/or the value of
our securities. Additionally, the governmental and regulatory interference could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Recent
statements by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas
and/or foreign investments in China-based issuers. For example, the PRC has proposed new rules that would require companies collecting
or holding large amounts of data to undergo a cybersecurity review prior to listing in foreign countries, a move that would significantly
tighten oversight over China based internet giants. The Cybersecurity Review Measures that took effect from February 15, 2022 stipulates
that an internet platform operator who possesses more than 1 million users personal information must report to the Office of Cybersecurity
Review for a cybersecurity review when seeking listings in other nations. 

On
April 2, 2022, the CSRC released the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments), which provide that a domestic company that seeks to offer and list its securities
in a overseas market shall strictly abide by applicable PRC laws and regulations, enhance legal awareness of keeping state secrets and
strengthening archives administration, institute a sound confidentiality and archives administration system, and take necessary measures
to fulfill confidentiality and archives administration obligations. In the event that the above proposed provisions and rules are enacted,
the relevant filing procedures of the CSRC and other governmental authorities may be required in connection with this offering. On July
7, 2022, CAC promulgated the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Cross-border Transfer, effective on September 1, 2022, which
requires the data processors to apply for data cross-border security assessment coordinated by the CAC under the following circumstances:
(i) any data processor transfers important data to overseas; (ii) any critical information infrastructure operator or data processor
who processes personal information of over 1 million people provides personal information to overseas; (iii) any data processor who provides
personal information to overseas and has already provided personal information of more than 100,000 people or sensitive personal information
of more than 10,000 people to overseas since January 1st of the previous year; and (iv) other circumstances under which the data cross-border
transfer security assessment is required as prescribed by the CAC. 

Since
the majority of our operations are located in the PRC, our business may be subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing,
retention, security, and transfer of confidential and private information, such as personal information and other data. As of the date
of this prospectus, these new laws and guidelines have not impacted the Company s ability to conduct its business, accept foreign
investments, or list and trade on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. As confirmed by our PRC counsel at the
date of September 2, 2022, the business of our subsidiaries until our registration are not subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace
Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i) our products and services are offered
not directly to individual users but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information
in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be
classified as core or important data by the authorities. Further, we believe our newly established companies and our business plan
will not change the above conclusion. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the Cybersecurity Review Measures
will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules,
or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Cybersecurity Review Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules,
or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the
adverse effect of such laws on us. Any non-compliance could result in penalties or other significant legal liabilities. 

27 

We
cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that
we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific
actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at
all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any future action by the PRC
government and companies whose foreign securities offerings are subject to review by the CSRC or the CAC could significantly limit or
completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and could cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s audit documentation related to their audit reports included in this prospectus
include audit documentation located in the PRC. Our Common Stocks may be delisted or prohibited from being traded over-the-counter under
the HFCAA if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our audit documentation located in mainland China and, as such, you may be deprived of the
benefits of such inspection which could result in limitations or restrictions to our access to the U.S. capital markets. The delisting
or the cessation of trading of our Common Stocks, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from being traded, may materially
and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm issued an audit opinion on the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. As an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered
with the PCAOB, our auditor is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB. 

Our
auditor is headquartered in Singapore and there are no limitations in Singapore on PCAOB inspections .
However, recent developments with respect to audits of PRC and Hong Kong based companies, such as us, create uncertainty about the ability
of our auditor to fully cooperate with the PCAOB s request for audit workpapers without the approval of the Chinese authorities.
As a result, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB s oversight of our auditors through such inspections. 

Inspections
of certain other firms that the PCAOB has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms audit procedures
and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The PCAOB is
currently able to conduct inspections of audit firms located in mainland China and Hong Kong and conduct inspections of U.S. audit firms
where audit work papers are located in mainland China. The audit workpapers for our PRC operations are located in the PRC. 

In
addition, as part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access to audit and other information currently protected by
national law, in particular China s, in June 2019, a bipartisan group of lawmakers introduced bills in both houses of Congress
that would require the SEC to maintain a list of issuers for which the PCAOB is not able to inspect or investigate an auditor report
issued by a foreign public accounting firm. The Ensuring Quality Information and Transparency for Abroad-Based Listings on our Exchanges
(EQUITABLE) Act prescribes increased disclosure requirements for such issuers and, beginning in 2025, the delisting from national securities
exchanges such as Nasdaq of issuers included for three consecutive years on the SEC s list. On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed
S. 945, the HFCAA. The HFCAA was approved by the U.S. House of Representatives on December 2, 2020. On December 18, 2020, the former
U.S. president signed into law the HFCAA. In essence, the HFCAA requires the SEC to prohibit foreign companies from listing securities
on U.S. securities exchanges if a company retains a foreign accounting firm that cannot be inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive
years, beginning in 2021. The enactment of the HFCAA and any additional rulemaking efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit
information could cause investor uncertainty for affected issuers, including us, and the market price of our securities could be adversely
affected, and we could be delisted if it is unable to cure the situation to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement in time. On March 24,
2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the
HFCAA. We will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a
process to be subsequently established by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCAA, including the
listing and trading prohibition requirements described above. 

28 

Furthermore,
on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA and on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed into law
by President Biden, which contained, among other things, an identical provision to AHFCAA and amended the HFCAA by requiring the SEC
to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections
for two consecutive years instead of three, thus reducing the time before your securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted.
On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining,
as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether the Board is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the
SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants
that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located
in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in
foreign jurisdictions. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA.
The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public
accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of
a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong because of positions taken by mainland China and Hong Kong authorities
in those jurisdictions, and identifies the registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong that are subject to such
determinations. The PCAOB has made such designations as mandated under the HFCAA. Pursuant to each annual determination by the PCAOB,
the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms and thus are at risk of such suspensions
in the future. The auditor of the Company, Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, is not among the auditor firms listed on the determination list issued
by the PCAOB, which notes all of the auditor firms that the PCAOB is not able to inspect. 

On
August 26, 2022, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, and the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol, or the Protocol, governing
inspections and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further
explanation and implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent
discretion to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the
SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary.
However, should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will
consider the need to issue a new determination. 

On
December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed into law by President Biden, which contained, among other things, an
identical provision to AHFCAA and amended the HFCAA by requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any
U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. 

29 

Should
the PCAOB be unable to fully conduct inspections of our auditors work papers in the PRC, it will make it more difficult to evaluate
the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures or quality control procedures and you may be deprived of the benefits of such
inspection, which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets, and our securities may be delisted
or prohibited from trading if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely our auditor under the HFCAA. Investors
may consequently lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements, which
would adversely affect us. 

To
the extent cash in the business is in the PRC or a PRC entity, the funds may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside
of the PRC due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of our Company or our subsidiaries
by the PRC government to transfer cash. 

Relevant
PRC laws and regulations permit the companies in the PRC to pay dividends only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined
in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Additionally, each of the companies in the PRC are required to set aside
at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered
capital. The companies in the PRC are also required to further set aside a portion of their after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare
fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at their discretion. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends.
In order for us to pay dividends to our stockholders, we will rely on the distribution of dividends, through the WFOE, to Yingxi HK from
our PRC Subsidiaries. 

Our
cash dividends, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a tax resident enterprise of the PRC for tax purposes, any
dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding
tax. See Risk Factors General Risks Associated with Business Operation in China - We may be treated as a resident enterprise
for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income 
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

The
PRC government also imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency
out of the PRC. The majority of our income is received in RMB and shortages in foreign currencies may restrict our ability to pay dividends
or other payments, or otherwise satisfy our foreign currency denominated obligations, if any. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations,
payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions,
can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE as long as certain procedural requirements are met. Approval from
appropriate government authorities is required if RMB is converted into foreign currency and remitted out of the PRC to pay capital expenses
such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may, at its discretion, impose restrictions on access
to foreign currencies for current account transactions and if this occurs in the future, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign
currencies to our shareholders. 

As
a result of the above, to the extent cash in the business is in the PRC or a PRC entity, such funds or assets may not be available to
fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC, due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the
ability of us, or our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash. 

You
may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us. 

We
are a Nevada corporation and most of our assets are and will be located outside of the United States. Almost all of our operations will
be conducted in China. In addition, our officers and directors are nationals and residents of a country other than the United States.
All of their assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within
the United States upon them. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of
the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officer and director, since he is not a resident in the United States. In addition,
there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of China would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. 

Foreign
exchange fluctuations may affect our business. 

We
accept the payment for services in Chinese Yuan (CNY), Hong Kong Dollars (HKD), and U.S. Dollars (USD). Therefore, foreign exchange fluctuations
may influence our business in unpredictable ways. 

30 

The
value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political
and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the PRC government. For instance, in August 2015, the People s
Bank of China, or PBOC, changed the way it calculates the mid-point price of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, requiring the market-makers
who submit for reference rates to consider the previous day s closing spot rate, foreign-exchange demand and supply as well as
changes in major currency rates. In 2016 and 2017, the value of the Renminbi depreciated approximately 7.2 and appreciated 6.3 against
the U.S. dollar, respectively. From April 2022 through the end of March 2023, the value of the Renminbi depreciated by approximately
8.3 against the U.S. dollar. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy, including any interest rate
increases by the Federal Reserve, may impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future. There remains
significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a more flexible currency policy, including from the U.S. government,
which has threatened to label China as a currency manipulator, which could result in greater fluctuation of the Renminbi
against the U.S. dollar. 

A
substantial percentage of our revenues and costs are denominated in Renminbi, and a significant portion of our assets are also denominated
in Renminbi. We are a holding company and we rely on dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries
in China. Any significant fluctuations in the value of the Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and cash flows.
Appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive. Conversely,
to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar
would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we would receive. 

Inflation
could pose a risk to our business. 

Inflation
is an important factor that must be considered as we move forward. A change in the rate of inflation could influence the profits that
we generate from our business. When the rate of inflation rises, the operational costs of running our company would increase, such as
labor costs, raw materials and public utilities, affecting our ability to provide our services at competitive prices. An increase in
the rate of inflation would force our clients to search for other service providers, causing us to lose business and revenue. 

Changes
in the policies, regulations, rules and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government may be quick with little advance notice and could
have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business. 

The
PRC s economy is in a transition from a planned economy to a market oriented economy subject to five-year and annual plans adopted
by the central government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on
the economic conditions of the PRC. The PRC government has confirmed that economic development will follow the model of a market economy.
Under this direction, we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries
and business development in the PRC will follow market forces. While we believe that this trend will continue, we cannot assure you that
this will be the case. Changes in policies, regulations, rules and the enforcement of laws by the PRC government, which changes may be
quick with little advance notice, could adversely affect our interests by, among other factors: changes in laws, regulations or the interpretation
thereof, confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or the expropriation or nationalization
of private enterprises. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, we cannot assure
you that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly altered, especially in the
event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting the PRC s political, economic
and social environment. 

There
are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

Most
of our operations are conducted in the PRC, and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC Subsidiaries are subject to
laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes.
Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. 

31 

In
1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations governing economic matters in general.
The overall effect of legislation over the past four decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of
foreign investment in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations
may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degree of interpretation by PRC
regulatory agencies and courts. In particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited
number of published decisions and the non-precedential nature of these decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give
the relevant regulator significant discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations
involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. Therefore, it is possible that our existing operations may be found
not to be in full compliance with relevant laws and regulations in the future. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on
government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive
effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation. 

Any
administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management
attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and
contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection
we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into
and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

PRC
regulations regarding acquisitions impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult
for us to pursue growth through acquisitions. 

Under
the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law, companies undertaking acquisitions relating to businesses in China must notify the anti-monopoly enforcement
agency, in advance of any transaction where the parties revenues in the China market exceed certain thresholds and the buyer would
obtain control of, or decisive influence over, the other party. In addition, on August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including
the MOFCOM, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the SAIC, the China
Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, jointly adopted the Regulations
on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which came into effect on September 8,
2006 and was amended on June 22, 2009. Under the M A Rules, the approval of MOFCOM must be obtained in circumstances where overseas
companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire domestic companies affiliated with such PRC enterprises or
residents. Applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to security
review. 

32 

Our
business may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity and data protection. 

Our
business may be subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential and private
information, such as personal information and other data. These laws continue to develop, and the PRC government may adopt other rules
and restrictions in the future. Non-compliance could result in penalties or other significant legal liabilities. 

Pursuant
to the PRC Cybersecurity Law, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November 7,
2016 and took effect on June 1, 2017, personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure
operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases
internet products and services that affects or may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace
Administration of China CAC ). Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of critical information
infrastructure operator remains unclear. 

On
April 13, 2020, twelve Chinese government agencies jointly promulgated the Measures for Cybersecurity Review, which became effective
on June 1, 2020, set forth the cybersecurity review mechanism for critical information infrastructure operators, and provided that critical
information infrastructure operators who intend to purchase internet products and services that affect or may affect national security
shall be subject to a cybersecurity review. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated
the PRC Data Security Law, which will take effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law provides for a security review procedure for
the data activities that may affect national security. Moreover, the State Internet Information Office issued the Measures of Cybersecurity
Review (Revised Draft for Comments, not yet effective) on July 10, 2021, which requires operators with personal information of more than
1 million users who want to list abroad to file a cybersecurity review with the CAC. Furthermore, the General Office of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown
on Illegal Securities Activities, which was available to the public on July 6, 2021. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen
the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies. These opinions
proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, to deal with the risks and incidents
facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for cybersecurity and data privacy protection. As these laws, opinions and
the draft measures were recently issued, official guidance and interpretation of these remain unclear in several respects at this time,
and the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, opinions and the draft
measures. Therefore, it is uncertain whether the future regulatory changes would impose additional restrictions on our business. 

The
Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including
that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should
not exceed the necessary limits The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, PRC Cybersecurity Law and any other cybersecurity
and related laws may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business. Further,
if the enacted version of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions
to be completed by companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. 

As confirmed by our PRC counsel at the date of September 2, 2022, we are not be subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC for overseas public offerings of our securities to foreign investors, given that: (i) our products and services are offered not directly to individual users but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. Further, we believe our newly established companies and our business plan will not change the above conclusion. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the Draft Measures will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Draft Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

We
cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that
we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific
actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at
all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties,
which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

33 

PRC
regulations relating to investments in offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners or our PRC
Subsidiaries to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC Subsidiaries or limit our PRC Subsidiaries 
ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits. 

SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and
Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former
circular commonly known as SAFE Circular 75 promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents
to register with local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for
the purpose of overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic
enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a special purpose vehicle. SAFE Circular
37 further requires amendment to the registration in the event of any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle,
such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger, division or other material
event. In the event that a PRC shareholder holding interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration,
the PRC Subsidiaries of that special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from
carrying out subsequent cross-border foreign exchange activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted in its ability to
contribute additional capital into its PRC Subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration requirements
described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of foreign exchange controls. 

We
have notified substantial beneficial owners of shares of common stock who we know are PRC residents of their filing obligation, and pursuant
to SAFE Circular 37, we have periodically filed and updated the above-mentioned foreign exchange registration on behalf of certain employee
shareholders who we know are PRC residents. However, we may not be aware of the identities of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC
residents. We do not have control over our beneficial owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC-resident beneficial owners will
comply with SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents to register
or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules, or the failure
of future beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents to comply with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular
37 and subsequent implementation rules, may subject the beneficial owners or our PRC Subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. On February
13, 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment,
or SAFE Notice 13, which became effective on June 1, 2015. Pursuant to SAFE Notice 13, entities and individuals are required to apply
for foreign exchange registration of foreign direct investment and overseas direct investment, including those required under the SAFE
Circular 37, with designated domestic banks, instead of SAFE. The designated domestic banks will directly review the applications and
conduct the registration. 

Furthermore,
since it is unclear how those new SAFE regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions, will
be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities, we cannot predict how these regulations will affect
our business operations or future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute
additional capital to our PRC Subsidiaries and limit our PRC Subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends to our company. These
risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

34 

We
may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject
to PRC income tax on our global income. 

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementing rules, both of which came into effect on January 1, 2008, enterprises established
under the laws of jurisdictions outside of China with de facto management bodies located in China may be considered PRC
tax resident enterprises for tax purposes and may be subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25 on their global income.
 De facto management body refers to a managing body that exercises substantive and overall management and control over the
production and business, personnel, accounting books and assets of an enterprise. The State Administration of Taxation issued the Notice
Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore-Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the basis of de
facto management bodies, or Circular 82, on April 22, 2009. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the
 de facto management body of a Chinese-controlled offshore-incorporated enterprise is located in China. Although Circular
82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises, not those controlled by foreign enterprises or individuals, the
determining criteria set forth in Circular 82 may reflect the State Administration of Taxation s general position on how the de
facto management body test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether
they are controlled by PRC enterprises. If we were to be considered a PRC resident enterprise, we would be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax at the rate of 25 on our global income. In such case, our profitability and cash flow may be materially reduced as a result
of our global income being taxed under the Enterprise Income Tax Law. We believe that none of our entities outside of China is a PRC
resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax
authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body. 

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our PRC revenue effectively. 

We
(Addentax Group Corp.) are a Nevada holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct substantially all of our operations
through the operating companies established in the PRC, primarily Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Service Co., Ltd. YX ),
our wholly owned subsidiary and its subsidiaries. We are a holding company and do not directly own any substantive business operations
in China. Substantially all of our revenue is denominated in Renminbi. The Renminbi is currently convertible under the current
account, which includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but requires approval from or registration
with appropriate government authorities or designated banks under the capital account, which includes foreign direct investment
and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries. Currently, one of our PRC Subsidiaries, which is a wholly-foreign
owned enterprise, may purchase foreign currency for settlement of current account transactions, including payment of dividends
to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities
or the local bank may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. 

Since
2016, PRC governmental authorities have imposed more stringent restrictions on outbound capital flows, including heightened scrutiny
over irrational overseas investments for certain industries, as well as over four kinds of abnormal offshore
investments, which are: 

investments through enterprises established for only a few months without substantive operation; 

investments with amounts far exceeding the registered capital of onshore parent and not supported by its business performance shown on
financial statements; 

investments in targets which are unrelated to onshore parent s main business; and 

investments with abnormal sources of Renminbi funding suspected to be involved in illegal transfer of assets or illegal operation of
underground banking. 

35 

On
January 26, 2017, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Improving Reform of Foreign Exchange Administration and Optimizing Genuineness
and Compliance Verification, which tightened the authenticity and compliance verification of cross-border transactions and cross-border
capital flow, including requiring banks to verify board resolutions, tax filing forms and audited financial statements before wiring
foreign invested enterprises foreign exchange dividend distribution of over US 50,000. In addition, the Outbound Investment Sensitive
Industry Catalogue (2018) lists certain sensitive industries that are subject to NDRC pre-approval requirements prior to remitting investment
funds offshore, which subjects us to increased approval requirements and restrictions with respect to our overseas investment activity.
Since a significant amount of our PRC revenue is denominated in Renminbi, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may
limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi to fund our business activities outside of the PRC, make investments, service
any debt we may incur outside of China or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. 

The
disclosures in our reports and other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements are not subject to the scrutiny of any
regulatory bodies in the PRC. 

We
are regulated by the SEC and our reports and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations
promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our SEC reports and other disclosure and public pronouncements
are not subject to the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example, the disclosure in our SEC reports and other filings
are not subject to the review by China Securities Regulatory Commission, a PRC regulator that is responsible for oversight of the capital
markets in China. Accordingly, you should review our SEC reports, filings and our other public pronouncements with the understanding
that no local regulator has done any review of us, our SEC reports, other filings or any of our other public pronouncements. 

Introduction
of new laws or changes to existing laws by the PRC government may adversely affect our business. 

The
PRC legal system is a codified legal system made up of written laws, regulations, circulars, administrative directives and internal guidelines.
Unlike common law jurisdictions like the U.S., decided cases (which may be taken as reference) do not form part of the legal structure
of the PRC and thus have no binding effect on subsequent cases with similar issues and fact patterns. Furthermore, in line with its transformation
from a centrally-planned economy to a more free market-oriented economy, the PRC government is still in the process of developing a comprehensive
set of laws and regulations. As the legal system in the PRC is still evolving, laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same
may be subject to further changes. For example, the PRC government may impose restrictions on the amount of service fees that may be
payable by municipal governments to wastewater and sludge treatment service providers. Also, the PRC central and municipal governments
may impose more stringent environmental regulations which would affect our ability to comply with, or our costs to comply with, such
regulations. Such changes, if implemented, may adversely affect our business operations and may reduce our profitability. 

Risks
Relating to Our Holding Company Structure 

Substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the newly enacted Foreign Investment Law and how it may
impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. 

On
March 15, 2019, the PRC National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law, which came into effect on January 1, 2020
and replaces the trio of existing laws regulating foreign investment in the PRC, namely, the Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise
Law, the Sino-Foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly Foreign-Invested Enterprise Law, together with their implementation
rules and ancillary regulations and become the legal foundation for foreign investment in the PRC. Meanwhile, the Implementation Regulation
of the Foreign Investment Law and the Measures for Reporting of Information on Foreign Investment came into effect as of January
1, 2020, which clarified and elaborated the relevant provisions of the Foreign Investment Law . 

36 

The
Foreign Investment Law sets out the basic regulatory framework for foreign investments and proposes to implement a system of pre-entry
national treatment with a negative list for foreign investments, pursuant to which (i) foreign entities and individuals are prohibited
from investing in the areas that are not open to foreign investments, (ii) foreign investments in the restricted industries must satisfy
certain requirements under the law, and (iii) foreign investments in business sectors outside of the negative list will be treated equally
with domestic investments. The Foreign Investment Law also sets forth necessary mechanisms to facilitate, protect and manage foreign
investments and proposes to establish a foreign investment information reporting system, through which foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises are required to submit initial report, report of changes, report of deregistration and annual report relating to their investments
to the Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, or its local branches. 

Although
our operating structure is legal and permissible under the current Chinese law and regulations, including the Foreign Investment Law,
Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our operating structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations
and/or the value of our common stock, including that it could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

We
may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC Subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may
have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our
ability to conduct our business. 

We
are a Nevada holding company and we rely principally on dividends and other distributions on equity from our PRC Subsidiaries for our
cash requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders for services of any
debt we may incur. If our PRC Subsidiaries incur debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC Subsidiaries, which are wholly
foreign-owned enterprises, may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax
profits each year, if any, to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50 of its registered
capital. Such reserve funds cannot be distributed to us as dividends. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate
a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus fund. 

A
portion of our revenue was generated by our PRC Subsidiaries in Renminbi, which is not freely convertible into other currencies. As a
result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to use their Renminbi revenues to pay dividends
to us. 

The
PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and more restrictions and substantial vetting process may be put forward
by SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and the capital account. Any limitation on the ability of
our PRC Subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other kinds of payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow,
make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

In
addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax rate of up to 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties
or arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC-resident enterprises
are incorporated. 

37 

PRC
regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion
may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of our offerings to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries,
which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

We
are an offshore holding company conducting our operations in China through our PRC Subsidiaries. We may in the future make loans or provide
guarantee to our PRC Subsidiaries subject to the approval or registration from governmental authorities and limitation of amount, or
we may make additional capital contributions to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiary in China. Any loans to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries
in China, which are treated as foreign-invested enterprise under PRC law, are subject to foreign exchange loan registrations. In addition,
a foreign-invested enterprise, or FIE, shall use its capital pursuant to the principle of authenticity and self-use within its business
scope. The capital of an FIE shall not be used for the following purposes: (i) directly or indirectly used for payment beyond the business
scope of the enterprises or the payment prohibited by relevant laws and regulations; (ii) directly or indirectly used for investment
in securities or investments other than banks principal-secured products unless otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations;
(iii) the granting of loans to non-affiliated enterprises, except where it is expressly permitted in the business license; and (iv) paying
the expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for the foreign-invested real estate enterprises). 

In
light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals
on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC Subsidiaries or with respect to future capital contributions
by us to our PRC Subsidiaries. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds from
our offerings and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely
affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The
market price of our shares is likely to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as: 

variations in our actual
 and perceived operating results; 

news regarding gains or
 losses of customers or partners by us or our competitors; 

news regarding gains or
 losses of key personnel by us or our competitors; 

announcements of competitive
 developments, acquisitions or strategic alliances in our industry by us or our competitors; 

changes in earnings estimates
 or buy/sell recommendations by financial analysts; 

potential litigation; 

the imposition of fines
 or penalties related to our activities in the PRC and failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations; 

general market conditions
 or other developments affecting us or our industry; and 

the operating and stock
 price performance of other companies, other industries and other events or factors beyond our control. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to
the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price
of the shares. 

38 

We
may never be able to pay dividends and are unlikely to do so. 

To
date, we have not paid, nor do we intend to pay in the foreseeable future, dividends on our common stock, even if we become profitable.
Earnings, if any, are expected to be used to advance our activities and for working capital and general corporate purposes, rather than
to make distributions to stockholders. Since we are not in a financial position to pay dividends on our common stock and future dividends
are not presently being contemplated, investors are advised that return on investment in our common stock is restricted to an appreciation
in the share price. The potential or likelihood of an increase in share price is uncertain. 

In
addition, under Nevada law, we may only pay dividends subject to our ability to service our debts as they become due and provided that
our assets will exceed our liabilities after the dividend. Our ability to pay dividends will therefore depend on our ability to generate
sufficient profits. Further, because of the various rules applicable to our operations in China and the regulations on foreign investments
as well as the applicable tax law, we may be subject to further limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders. 

Shareholders
may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of securities. 

Wherever
possible, our board of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that
the non-cash consideration will consist of shares of our common stock, warrants to purchase shares of our common stock or other securities.
Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued
shares of common stock or warrants to purchase such shares of common stock. In addition, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares
of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market in the future. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests
of existing shareholders and may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve
to enhance existing management s ability to maintain control of us, because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed
to supporting existing management. 

In
the event that our shares are traded, they may trade under 5.00 per share and thus will be a penny stock. Trading in penny stocks has
many restrictions and these restrictions could severely affect the price and liquidity of our shares. 

In
the event that our stock trades below 5.00 per share, our stock would be known as a penny stock , which is subject to various
regulations involving disclosures to be given to you prior to the purchase of any penny stock. The SEC has adopted regulations which
generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. Depending on market fluctuations, our common stock could be considered to be a penny stock . A penny
stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell these securities to persons other
than accredited investors. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker/dealer must make a special suitability determination for
the purchase of these securities. In addition, he must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the
purchase. He must also provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict
the ability of broker/dealers to sell our securities, and may negatively affect the ability of holders of shares of our common stock
to resell them. These disclosures require you to acknowledge that you understand the risks associated with buying penny stocks and that
you can absorb the loss of your entire investment. Penny stocks are low priced securities that do not have a very high trading volume.
Consequently, the price of the stock is often volatile and you may not be able to buy or sell the stock when you want to. 

39 

The
issuances of our Common Stock to the Selling Stockholders or the Placement Agent upon conversion of Warrants or exercise of the Notes,
as the case may be, will cause dilution to our existing stockholders, and the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired by the Selling
Stockholders or the Placement Agent, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our Common Stock to fall. 

Depending
on market liquidity at the time, issuances and any subsequent sales of our common stock may cause the trading price of our common stock
to fall. 

We
previously registered 197,227,433 shares of our common stock for their resale by selling stockholders which consisted of: 

Up to 164,373,089 shares
 of common stock (the PIPE Stocks ), consisting of (i) 82,186,544 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion
 of our senior secured convertible notes (the Notes issued to the selling stockholders pursuant to the securities purchase
 agreement, dated as of January 4, 2023, by and between us and the selling stockholders (the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement ),
 and (ii) 82,186,544 additional shares of common stock that we are required to register pursuant to a registration rights agreement
 between us and certain selling stockholders obligating us to register 200 of the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable
 upon conversion of the Notes; 

Up to 32,154,344 shares
 of common stock (the PIPE Warrant Stocks ), consisting of (i) 16,077,172 shares of our common stock issued or issuable
 upon the exercise of warrants (the PIPE Warrants that were issued pursuant to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement,
 and (ii) 16,077,172 additional shares of common stock that we are required to register pursuant to a registration rights agreement
 between us and certain selling stockholders obligating us to register 200 of the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable
 upon exercise of the PIPE Warrant Stocks; and 

Up to 700,000 shares of
 common stock (the Placement Agent Warrant Stocks issued or issuable upon the exercise of placement agent warrants
 (the Placement Agent Warrants that were issued to the placement agent pursuant to the PIPE placement agency agreement
 (the PIPE Placement Agency Agreement ), dated as of January 4, 2023. 

If
and when the selling stockholders or placement agent convert and/or exercise their warrants or Notes, as the case may be, after the selling
stockholders or the placement agents has acquired the shares, the selling stockholders or the placement agent may resell all, some, or
none of those shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion. Therefore, issuances to the selling stockholders or the placement
agent upon exercise of their warrants or conversion of the Notes could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders
of our common stock. Even though the current trading price is significantly below our IPO price, the selling shareholders or the placement
agent may have an incentive to sell because they will still profit because of the lower price that they acquired their shares than the
retail investors. Additionally, the issuance of a substantial number of shares of our common stock to the selling stockholders or the
placement agent, or the anticipation of such issuances, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. 

You
may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings and other issuances of our securities. 

In
order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional common stocks or other securities convertible into or exchangeable
for our common stocks at prices that may not be the same as the price per share paid by the investors in this offering. We may not be
able to sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share
paid by the investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior
to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional common stocks or securities convertible into common stocks
in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid to the selling stockholders. Our stockholders will incur
dilution upon exercise of any outstanding stock options, warrants or other convertible securities or upon the issuance of common stocks
under our share incentive programs. 

We
expect to require additional capital in the future in order to develop our business operations. If we do not obtain any such additional
financing, it may be difficult to effectively realize our long-term strategic goals and objectives. 

40 

Any
additional capital raised through the sale of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute our stockholders ownership percentages
and could also result in a decrease in the market value of our equity securities. 

The
terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences,
superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders
of any of our securities then outstanding. 

In
addition, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting
fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial
condition. 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of the shares of common stock by existing stockholders could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

If
we or our existing stockholders, our directors or their affiliates or certain of our executive officers, sell a substantial number of
our common stocks in the public market, including the Resale Shares once issuable upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants and the Placement
Agent Warrants, the market price of our common stocks could decrease significantly. The perception in the public market that we or our
stockholders might sell our common stocks could also depress the market price of our common stocks and could impair our future ability
to obtain capital, especially through an offering of equity securities. 

The
market price of our common stocks may be subject to fluctuation and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Our
common stocks were first offered publicly in our IPO in August 2022 at a price of 5.00 per share, and our common stocks have subsequently
traded as high as 656.54 per share and as low as 0.647 per share through June 23, 2023. The market price of our common stocks on the
Nasdaq Capital Market may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited
to: 

variations in our actual
 and perceived operating results; 

news regarding gains or
 losses of customers or partners by us or our competitors; 

news regarding gains or
 losses of key personnel by us or our competitors; 

announcements of competitive
 developments, acquisitions or strategic alliances in our industry by us or our competitors; 

changes in earnings estimates
 or buy/sell recommendations by financial analysts; 

potential litigation; 

the imposition of fines
 or penalties related to our activities in the PRC and failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations; 

general market conditions
 or other developments affecting us or our industry; and 

the operating and stock
 price performance of other companies, other industries and other events or factors beyond our control. 

These
factors and any corresponding price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stocks and result
in substantial losses being incurred by our investors. In the past, following periods of market volatility, public company stockholders
have often instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could impose a substantial
cost upon us and divert the resources and attention of our management from our business . 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

41 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal place of business is located at Kingkey 100, Block A, Room 4805, Luohu District, Shenzhen City, China 518000 and the telephone
number is +(86) 755 8233 0336, which is leased from a company controlled by our CEO. We also lease another four properties in the PRC
from independent third parties which serve as our manufacturing factory and dormitory and additional office s
and commercial building for subleasing. The following table sets forth a summary of certain information regarding our leased properties: 

Property Type 
 Address 
 Monthly Rental (RMB) 
 Size (Square Meter) 
 Expiration date 
 
 Manufacturing factory 
 Room 501, No. 5 Luotang Road, Dongcheng District, Dongguan, Guangdong, PRC 
 4,400 
 600 
 December 31, 2024 

Principal Office 
 Kingkey 100, Block A, Room 4805, Luohu District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, China 
 82,000 
 303 
 July 31, 2025 

Additional office 
 No. 41-46, Building D, Block B, Jinpeng Distribution Center, No. 536, Sha Ping North Rd, Danping Committee, Nanwan St, Longgang, Shenzhen, Guangdong, PRC 
 45,000 
 720 
 January 31, 2024 

Warehouse and additional office 
 No. 3 Ping an Avenue, Pinghu Street, Longgang District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, PRC 
 30,000 
 605 
 May 31, 2024 

We
also have 848 logistics points and they are located in 11 provinces and three municipalities in the PRC. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We
are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually
or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

42 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchasers of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the Nasdaq under the symbol ATXG. 

Trading
in stocks quoted on the Nasdaq is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may
have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our common
stock in the future. 

We
received our trading symbol on September 12, 2016 and were first quoted on September 12, 2016 but no shares were traded until December
12, 2016. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

37,395,420
shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023. They were held by a total of 550 shareholders of record.
The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Holders of the common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There is
no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent for the common stock is Transfer Online, Inc. The transfer agent s address is 512 SE Salmon St., Portland, OR 97214,
and its telephone number is +1 (503) 227-2950. 

Dividends 

No
cash dividends were paid on our shares of common stock during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. We have not paid
any cash dividends since October 28, 2014 (inception) and do not foresee declaring any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

43 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
claim an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder in connection with the sales and issuances described above since the foregoing issuances and sales
did not involve a public offering, the recipients were (a) accredited investors , and/or (b) had access to similar
documentation and information as would be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act. With respect to the transactions
described above, no general solicitation was made either by us or by any person acting on our behalf. The transactions were privately
negotiated, and did not involve any kind of public solicitation. No underwriters or agents were involved in the foregoing issuances and
we paid no underwriting discounts or commissions. The securities sold are subject to transfer restrictions, and the certificates evidencing
the securities contain an appropriate legend stating that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not
be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 should
be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and corresponding notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion
includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives,
expectations, and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements in this report. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, 
 continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, 
 will, should, could, target , forecast and similar expressions to
identify forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

Our
Business 

We
(Addentax Group Corp.) are a Nevada holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct substantially all of our operations
through our operating companies established in the PRC, primarily Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Service Co., Ltd. YX ),
our wholly owned subsidiary and its subsidiaries. We are not a Chinese operating company. We are a holding company and do not directly
own any substantive business operations in China. Therefore, our investors will not directly hold any equity interests in our operating
companies. Our holding company structure involves unique risks to investors. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our operating
structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock, including that it could
cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. Our holding company, Addentax Group Corp., is listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol of ATXG . We classify our businesses into three segments: garment manufacturing,
logistics services, property management and subleasing, and . 

44 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this annual report to Addentax refer to Addentax Group Corp.,
a holding company, and references to we, us, our, the Registrant ,
the Company, or our company refer to Addentax and/or its consolidated subsidiaries. Addentax
Group Corp., our Nevada holding company, is the entity in which our investors are investing. 

Our
subsidiaries include (i) Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd., a Republic of Seychelles company; (ii) Yingxi Industrial Chain
Investment Co., Ltd., a Hong Kong company Yingxi HK (iii) Qianhai Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd., a PRC
company; (iv) Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Services Co., Ltd, a PRC company YX ), (v) Dongguan Heng Sheng
Wei Garments Co., Ltd, a PRC company HSW ), (vi) Dongguan Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd, a PRC company YS ),
(vii) Shantou Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd, a PRC company YBY ), (viii) Shenzhen Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd., a
PRC company PF (ix) Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd, a PRC company XKJ ), (x) Shenzhen
Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd, a PRC company TD ), (xi) Dongguan Yingxi Daying Commercial Co., Ltd., a PRC company DY ), (xii) Zhuang Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd, a PRC company ZHJ ), and (xiii)
Dongguan Aotesi Garments Co., Ltd.,, a PRC company AOT ). 

PRC
Subsidiaries refer to, collectively, (i) Qianhai Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd.; (ii) Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi
Industrial Chain Services Co., Ltd YX ), (iii) Dongguan Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd HSW ), (iv)
Dongguan Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd YS (v) Shantou Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd YBY (vi) Shenzhen
Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd., a PRC company PF (vii) Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd, a PRC
company XKJ ), (viii) Shenzhen Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd, a PRC company TD ), (ix) Dongguan Yingxi
Daying Commercial Co., Ltd., a PRC company DY ), (x) Zhuang Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd, a PRC
company ZHJ ), and (xi) Dongguan Aotesi Garments Co., Ltd.,, a PRC company AOT ). 

In
February 2023, the Company disposed DY to an independent third party respectively. 

WFOE 
refers to Qianhai Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd, a wholly foreign owned enterprise in China, which is indirectly wholly owned
by Addentax Group Corp. 

Our
garment manufacturing business consists of sales made principally to wholesaler located in the PRC. We have our own manufacturing
facilities, with sufficient production capacity and skilled workers on production lines to ensure that we meet our high quality
control standards and timely meet the delivery requirements for our customers. We conduct our garment manufacturing operations
through five wholly owned subsidiaries, namely Dongguan Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd HSW ), Dongguan Yushang
Clothing Co., Ltd YS ), Shantou Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd YBY ), Zhuang
Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd ZHJ ), and Dongguan Aotesi Garments Co., Ltd., AOT , which are located in the Guangdong province, China. 

Our
logistics business consists of delivery and courier services covering 86 cities in 11 provinces and 3 municipalities in China. Although
we have our own motor vehicles and drivers, we currently outsource some of the business to our contractors. We believe outsourcing allows
us to maximize our capacity and maintain flexibility while reducing capital expenditures and the costs of keeping drivers during slow
seasons. We conduct our logistic operations through three wholly owned subsidiaries, namely Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co.,
Ltd XKJ ), Shenzhen Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd PF and Shenzhen Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd TD ),
which are located in the Guangdong province, China. 

Our
property management and subleasing business provides shops subleasing and property management services for garment wholesalers and
retailers in the garment market. We conduct our property management and subleasing operation through a wholly owned subsidiary,
namely Dongguan Yingxi Daying Commercial Co., Ltd. DY ), which is located in the Guangdong province, China. 

In February 2023, the Company disposed of DY to an independent third party at fair value, which was also its carrying value as of February 28, 2023. 

The
business operations, customers and suppliers of DY were retained by the Company; therefore, the disposition of the subsidiary did not
qualify as discontinued operations. 

45 

Business
Objectives 

Garment
Manufacturing Business 

We
believe the strength of our garment manufacturing business is mainly due to our consistent emphasis on exceptional quality and timely
delivery. The primary business objective for our garment manufacturing segment is to expand our customer base and improve our profit. 

Logistics
Services Business 

The
business objective and future plan for our logistics services segment is to establish an efficient logistic system and to build a
nationwide delivery and courier network in China. As of March 31, 2023, we provide logistic service to over 86 cities in
approximately eleven provinces and three municipalities. We expect to develop 20 additional logistics routes in existing serving
cities and improve the Company s profit in the year 2024. 

Property
Management and Subleasing Business 

The
business objective of our property management and subleasing segment is to integrate resources in shopping mall, develop e-commerce bases
and the Internet celebrity economy together to drive to increase the value of the stores in the area. In February 2023, the Company disposed of DY to an independent third party at fair value, which was also its carrying value as of February 28, 2023. 

Seasonality
of Business 

Our
business is affected by seasonal trends, with higher levels of garment sales in our second and third quarters and higher logistic service
revenue in our third and fourth quarters. These trends primarily result from the timing of seasonal garment manufacturing shipments and
holiday periods in the logistic segment. 

Collection
Policy 

Garment
manufacturing business 

For
our new customers, we generally require orders placed to be backed by advances or deposits. For our long-term and established customers
with good payment track records, we generally provide payment terms between 30 to 180 days following the delivery of finished goods. 

Logistics
Services business 

For
logistics services, we generally receive payments from the customers between 30 to 90 days following the date of the registration of
our receipt of packages. 

46 

Property
management and subleasing business 

For
property management and subleasing business, we generally collect rental and management fees of the following month each month in advance. 

Economic
Uncertainty 

Our
business is dependent on consumer demand for our products and services. We believe that the significant uncertainty in the economy in
China has increased our clients sensitivity to the cost of our products and services. We have experienced continued pricing pressure.
If the economic environment becomes weak, the economic conditions could have a negative impact on our sales growth and operating margins,
cash position and collection of accounts receivable. Additionally, business credit and liquidity have tightened in China. Some of our
suppliers and customers may face credit issues and could experience cash flow problems and other financial hardships. These factors currently
have not had an impact on the timeliness of receivable collections from our customers. We cannot predict at this time how this situation
will develop and whether accounts receivable may need to be allowed for or written off in the coming quarters. 

Despite
the various risks and uncertainties associated with the current economy in China, we believe our core strengths will continue to allow
us to execute our strategy for long-term sustainable growth in revenue, net income and operating cash flow. 

Summary
of Critical Accounting Policies 

We
have identified critical accounting policies that, as a result of judgments, uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the underlying
accounting standards and operation involved could result in material changes to our financial position or results of operations under
different conditions or using different assumptions. 

Estimates
and Assumptions 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, management s estimates
are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed
to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenue
is generated through sale of goods and delivery services. Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or
services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods
or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from contracts with customers. The amount of revenue that is recorded reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive
in exchange for those goods and services. The Company applies the following five-step model in order to determine this amount: 

(i) 
 identification of the promised
 goods and services in the contract; 

(ii) 
 determination of whether
 the promised goods and services are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; 

(iii) 
 measurement of the transaction
 price, including the constraint on variable consideration; 

(iv) 
 allocation of the transaction
 price to the performance obligations; and 

(v) 
 recognition of revenue
 when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

47 

The
Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration it is entitled
to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606
at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract to determine which performance obligations the Company must deliver and which
of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction price that is allocated
to the respective performance obligation when the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. Generally, the Company s
performance obligations are transferred to customers at a point in time, typically upon delivery. 

For
all reporting periods, the Company has not disclosed the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for all product and service revenue
contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, which is an optional exemption that is permitted under the adopted rules. 

Leases 

Lessee 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in
property and equipment, other current liabilities, and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

ROU
assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease
payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the leases do not provide an implicit rate, The Company generally use the incremental
borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement
date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense for lease payments
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Lessor 

As
a lessor, the Company s leases are classified as operating leases under ASC 842. Leases, in which the Company is the lessor, are
substantially all accounted for as operating leases and the lease components and non-lease components are accounted for separately. Rental
income from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred
in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. 

Recently
issued and adopted accounting pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on
Financial Instruments. This standard requires a financial asset (or group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be
presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the
amortized cost basis of the financial asset(s) to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial
asset. This standard will be effective for the Company on April 1, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption
of this ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting for Convertible Instruments:
In August 2020, FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity (ASU 2020-06),
as part of its overall simplification initiative to reduce costs and complexity of applying accounting standards while maintaining or
improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. Among other changes, the new guidance removes from
GAAP separation models for convertible debt that require the convertible debt to be separated into a debt and equity component, unless
the conversion feature is required to be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative or the debt is issued at a substantial premium.
As a result, after adopting the guidance, entities will no longer separately present such embedded conversion features in equity and will
instead account for the convertible debt wholly as debt. The new guidance also requires use of the if-converted method when
calculating the dilutive impact of convertible debt on earnings per share, which is consistent with the Company s current accounting
treatment under the current guidance. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2021, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted, but only at the beginning of the fiscal year. 

48 

The Company reviews new accounting
standards as issued. Management has not identified any other new standards that it believes will have a significant impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

Results of Operations for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 

The following tables summarize
our results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The table and the discussion below should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

2023 
 2022 
 Changes in 2023 compared to 2022 

(In U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 

Revenue 
 7,944,171 
 100.0 
 12,690,633 
 100 
 (4,746,462 
 (37.4 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (6,103,110 
 (76.8 
 (10,627,379 
 (83.7 
 4,524,269 
 42.6 
 
 Gross profit (loss) 
 1,841,061 
 23.2 
 2,063,254 
 16.3 
 (222,193 
 (10.8 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (2,303,976 
 (29.0 
 (2,120,259 
 (16.7 
 (183,717 
 (8.7 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (462,915 
 (5.8 
 (57,005 
 (0.4 
 (405,910 
 (712.1 
 
 Other income, net 
 320,556 
 4.0 
 160,570 
 1.3 
 159,986 
 99.6 
 
 Fair value gain or loss 
 2,983,538 
 37.6 
 - 
 - 
 2,983,538 
 100 
 
 Net finance cost 
 (1,499,379 
 (18.9 
 (2,073 
 (0.0 
 (1,497,306 
 15,152.8 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (22,143 
 (0.3 
 (23,494 
 (0.2 
 1,351 
 5.8 
 
 Net income 
 1,319,657 
 16.6 
 77,998 
 0.6 
 1,241,659 
 1,591.9 

Revenue 

Total revenue for the year ended
March 31, 2023 significantly decreased by approximately 4.7 million, or approximately 37.4 , as compared with the year ended March 31,
2022. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease of revenue from the garment manufacturing business. 

Revenue generated from our garment
manufacturing business contributed approximately 0.2 million, or approximately 2.2 , of our total revenue for the year ended March 31,
2023. Revenue generated from the segment contributed approximately 2.5 million, or approximately 19.9 , of our total revenue for the
year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease of approximately 2.3 million was mainly due to factory
facilities renewal and repair, remaining factories cannot provide as much capacity as before. We estimate the capacity will appear to
recover at second quarter of FY2024. 

Revenue generated from our logistics
services business contributed approximately 4.6 million, or approximately 58.2 , of our total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023.
Revenue generated from the segment contributed approximately 5.3 million, or approximately 42.0 , of our total revenue for the year ended
March 31, 2022. The increase of approximately 0.7 million was mainly due to development of company s business. 

Revenue generated from our property
management and subleasing business contributed approximately 3.1 million, or approximately 39.0 , of our total revenue for the year ended
March 31, 2023. Revenue generated from our property management and subleasing business contributed approximately 4.3 million, or approximately
33.6 , of our total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease of approximately 1.2 million was mainly due to the increase
in sub-leasing rate of the property. 

49 

Cost of revenue 

2023 
 2022 
 Increase (decrease) in 2023 compared to 2022 

(In U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 

Net revenue for garment manufacturing 
 177,549 
 100.0 
 2,525,440 
 100.0 
 (2,347,891 
 (93.0 
 
 Raw materials 
 28,333 
 16.0 
 1,746,174 
 69.1 
 (1,717,841 
 (98.4 
 
 Labor 
 97,065 
 54.7 
 547,695 
 21.7 
 (450,630 
 (82.3 
 
 Other and Overhead 
 6,942 
 3.9 
 21,800 
 0.9 
 (14,858 
 (68.2 
 
 Total cost of revenue for garment manufacturing 
 132,340 
 74.5 
 2,315,669 
 91.7 
 (2,183,329 
 (94.3 
 
 Gross profit for garment manufacturing 
 45,209 
 25.5 
 209,771 
 8.3 
 (164,562 
 (78.4 

Net revenue for logistics services 
 4,621,125 
 100.0 
 5,332,291 
 100.0 
 (711,166 
 (13.3 
 
 Fuel, toll and other cost of logistics services 
 2,428,462 
 52.6 
 1,915,305 
 35.9 
 513,157 
 26.8 
 
 Subcontracting fees 
 1,074,846 
 23.2 
 2,285,530 
 42.9 
 (1,210,684 
 (53.0 
 
 Total cost of revenue for logistics services 
 3,503,308 
 75.8 
 4,200,835 
 78.8 
 (697,527 
 (16.6 
 
 Gross Profit for logistics services 
 1,117,817 
 24.2 
 1,131,456 
 21.2 
 (13,639 
 (1.2 

Net revenue for property management and subleasing 
 3,096,914 
 100.0 
 4,265,218 
 100.0 
 (1,168,304 
 (27.4 
 
 Total cost of revenue for property management and subleasing 
 2,444,962 
 78.9 
 3,588,811 
 84.1 
 (1,143,849 
 (31.9 
 
 Gross Profit for property management and subleasing 
 651,952 
 21.1 
 676,407 
 15.9 
 (24,455 
 (3.6 

Net revenue for corporate and others 
 48,583 
 100.0 
 567,684 
 100.0 
 (519,101 
 (91.4 
 
 Other and Overhead 
 22,500 
 46.3 
 522,065 
 92.0 
 (499,565 
 (95.7 
 
 Total cost of revenue for corporate and others 
 22,500 
 46.3 
 522,065 
 92.0 
 (499,565 
 (95.7 
 
 Gross profit for corporate and others 
 26,083 
 53.7 
 45,619 
 8.0 
 (19,536 
 (42.8 

Total cost of revenue 
 6,103,110 
 76.8 
 10,627,380 
 83.7 
 (4,524,270 
 (42.6 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,841,061 
 23.2 
 2,063,253 
 16.3 
 (222,192 
 (10.8 

50 

For our garment manufacturing
business, we purchased the majority of our raw materials directly from numerous local fabric and accessories suppliers. 

Raw materials cost for our garment
manufacturing business was approximately 16.0 of our total garment manufacturing business revenue in the year ended March 31, 2023, as
compared with approximately 69.1 in the year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in raw materials cost for our garment manufacturing business
was mainly due to decrease of manufacturing during renovation of the factory. 

Labor costs for our garment manufacturing
business were approximately 54.7 of our total garment manufacturing business revenue in the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared with
21.7 in the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase in labor costs for our garment manufacturing business was mainly due to the increase
of sub-contracting business in AOT. 

Overhead and other expenses for
our garment manufacturing business accounted for approximately 3.9 and 0.9 of our total garment manufacturing business revenue for the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

For our logistic business, we
outsource some of the business to our subcontractors. Our subcontractors are contract logistic service providers. The Company relied on
a few subcontractors, which the subcontracting fees to our largest contractor represented approximately 25.2 and 14.8 of total cost
of revenues for our service segment for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in subcontracting fee to the
largest contractor was mainly to optimize resources and cost efficiencies. We have not experienced any disputes with our subcontractors
and we believe we maintain good relationships with our contract logistic service provider. 

Fuel, toll and other costs for
our logistics business for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 2.4 million, as compared with 1.9 million for the year ended
March 31, 2022. Fuel, toll and other costs for our logistics business accounted for approximately 52.6 of our total service revenue for
the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared with approximately 35.9 for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Subcontracting fees for our logistics
business for the year ended March 31, 2023 decreased to approximately 1.1 million from 2.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022,
representing a decrease of approximately 53.0 . Subcontracting fees accounted for 23.2 and 42.9 of our total logistics business revenue
in the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

For property management and subleasing
business, the cost of revenue was mainly the amortization of operating lease assets for the subleasing business. The cost of revenue for
property management and subleasing business for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 2.4 million, approximately 78.9 of our total property
management and subleasing business revenue, as compared with 3.6 million, approximately 84.1 of total property management and subleasing
business revenue for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

51 

Gross profit 

Gross profit of garment manufacturing
business for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 0.05 million, as compared with approximately 0.2 million for the year ended
March 31, 2022. Gross profit ratio was approximately 25.5 of revenue of the segment, as compared with approximately 8.3 for the year
ended March 31, 2022. 

Gross profit of our logistics
services business for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 1.1 million and gross profit ratio was approximately 24.2 . Gross
profit of the segment for the year ended March 31, 2022 was approximately 1.1 million and gross profit ratio was approximately 21.2 .
The increase in the gross profit ratio was mainly because of a decrease of subcontracting fees. 

Gross profit of our property management
and subleasing business for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 0.7 million, representing approximately 21.1 of our total
property management and subleasing business revenue. Gross profit in our property management and subleasing business for the year ended
March 31, 2022 was 0.7 million, or 15.9 of our total property management and subleasing business revenue. 

Changes in 2023 

2023 
 2022 
 compared to 2022 

(In U.S. dollars, except for percentages) 

Gross profit 
 1,841,061 
 100 
 2,063,254 
 100 
 (222,193 
 (10.8 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 
 (78,769 
 (4.3 
 (206,251 
 (10.5 
 127,482 
 61.8 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (2,225,207 
 (120.9 
 (1,914,008 
 (97.7 
 (311,199 
 (16.3 
 
 Total 
 (2,303,976 
 (125.1 
 (2,120,259 
 (108.2 
 (183,717 
 (8.7 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (462,915 
 (25.1 
 (57,005 
 (8.2 
 (405,910 
 (712.1 

Selling, General and administrative expenses 

We have selling expenses mainly
in our property management and subleasing business. It was 0.1 million and 0.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Selling expenses consist primarily of local transportation, unloading charges and product inspection charges. 

52 

Our general and administrative
expenses in our garment manufacturing segment for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 0.11 million and 0.13 million,
respectively. Our general and administrative expenses in our logistics services segment for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was
approximately 0.83 million and 0.89 million, respectively. The general and administrative expenses in our property management and subleasing
business were approximately 0.31 million and 0.37 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Our general and administrative
expenses in our corporate office for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 0.97 million and 0.52 million, respectively.
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of administrative salaries, office expense, certain depreciation and amortization
charges, repairs and maintenance, legal and professional fees, warehousing costs and other expenses that are not directly attributable
to our revenues. 

Total general and administrative
expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 increased approximately 16.3 to approximately 2.2 million from approximately 1.9 million
for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Loss from operations 

Loss from operations for the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was approximately 0.5 million and 0.06 million, respectively. Loss from operations of approximately 0.07
million and 0.08 million was attributed from our garment manufacturing segment for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Income from operations of approximately 0.28 million and 0.24 million was attributed from our logistics services segment for the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Income from operations of 0.27 million and 0.1 million was attributed from our property
management and subleasing business for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. We incurred general and administrative expenses in corporate
office of approximately 0.9 million and approximately 0.5 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Income Tax Expenses 

Income tax
expense for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was both 0.02 million. The Company operates in the PRC and files tax returns in the
PRC jurisdictions. 

Yingxi Industrial Chain Group
Co., Ltd was incorporated in the Republic of Seychelles and, under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, is not subject to income
taxes. 

Yingxi HK was incorporated in
Hong Kong and is subject to Hong Kong income tax at a tax rate of 16.5 . No provision for income taxes in Hong Kong has been made as Yingxi
HK had no taxable income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

WFOE and YX were incorporated
in the PRC and are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) rate is 25 . No provision for income taxes in the PRC has been made as
WFOE and YX had no taxable income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The Company is governed by the
Income Tax Laws of the PRC. Yingxi s operating companiesare subject to progressive EIT rate from 5 to 15 in year ended March 31,
2023. The preferential tax rates will be expired at the end of year 2023. 

The Company s parent entity,
Addentax Group Corp. is a U.S. entity and is subject to the United States federal income tax. No provision for income taxes in the United
States has been made as Addentax Group Corp. had no United States taxable income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Net Profit 

We incurred a net profit of approximately
 1.3 million and 0.08 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our basic and diluted earnings per share were
 0.04 and 0.00 for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

53 

Summary of cash flows 

Summary cash flows information
for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follow: 

2023 
 2022 

(In U.S. dollars) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (1,569,159 
 1,090,872 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (21,168,153 
 (198,122 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 21,845,838 
 (1,372,803 

Net cash
provided by operating activities in the year ended March 31, 2023 decreased by approximately 2.7 million compared with that of the
year ended March 31, 2022. It was mainly because the net profit adjusted to cash provided (used in) operating activities of fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 0.3 million less than the amount of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The movement
of operating assets and liabilities of the year ended March 31, 2023 resulted in cash outflow of approximately 2.4 million mainly
due to cash inflow from decrease of account receivable in prior year was 2.3 million more than that in current year. We aim to improve our operating cash flow by closely monitoring the timely collection of accounts and
other receivables. We generally do not hold any significant inventory for more than ninety days, as we typically manufacture upon
customers order. 

Net cash used in
investing activities for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 21.0 million more as compared to the year ended March 31,
2022. It was mainly due to the purchase of debt securities of 17.5 million in the year ended March 31, 2023, payment of long-term
loan of 2.5 million to an independent third party, and the purchase of plant and equipment in the year ended March 31, 2023 was
approximately 0.2 million less than the purchase of plant and equipment in prior year. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the
Company also had a cash decrease of approximately 1.2 million in disposal of one subsidiary in property management and subleasing
segment. 

Net cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31, 2023 was approximately 23.2 million more than the year ended March
31, 2022. It was mainly because the Company received the proceeds of 22.7 million from its initial public offering IPO ), the proceeds of 15.0 million from issuance of the Notes and warrants and deposit of 14.75 million to the
restricted cash account pursuant to the PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of March 31, 2023, we had cash
on hand of approximately 0.6 million and restricted cash of approximately 14.8 million, total current assets of approximately 37.8
million and current liabilities of approximately 3.5 million. We presently finance our operations primarily from cash flows from revenue,
fund raising from our IPO proceeds and capital contributions from our chief executive officer, Mr. Hong Zhida (the CEO ). 

In the event that the Company
requires additional funding to finance the growth of the Company s current and expected future operations as well as to achieve
our strategic objectives, the CEO has indicated the intent and ability to provide additional equity financing. 

Foreign Currency Translation Risk 

Our operations are located in
the mainland China, which may give rise to significant foreign currency risks from fluctuations and the degree of volatility in foreign
exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the Chinese Renminbi RMB ). All of our sales are in RMB. In the past years, RMB
continued to appreciate against the U.S. dollar. As of March 31, 2023, the market foreign exchange rate had decreased to RMB6.87 to one
U.S. dollar. Our financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars using the closing rate method. The balance sheet items are translated
into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates at the respective balance sheet dates. The capital and various reserves are translated at historical
exchange rates prevailing at the time of the transactions while income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rate
for the period. All translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the statement of equity. The foreign
currency translation gain (loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was 0.2 million and (0.1) million, respectively. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
(as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) as of March 31, 2023 that have or are reasonably likely to have a current
or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

ADDENTAX GROUP CORP. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 6255) 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 F-22 

55 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Addentax Group Corp.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Addentax Group Corp. (the Company as of March 31, 2023, and
the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flow for the year ended
March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the result of its
operations and its cash flow for year then ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
Company conducted transactions with its related parties and affiliates during the normal course of its business in 2023. The Company
has entered into a number of transactions with these related parties, including accrued of director remuneration which represented as
costs and expenses to the Company. We identified the evaluation of the identification of related parties and related party transactions
as a critical audit matter. Auditor judgment was involved in assessing the sufficiency of the procedures performed to identify related
parties and related party transactions of the Company. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

We
performed the following procedures to evaluate the identification of related parties and related party transactions by the Company: 

Conducted
background checks, and reviewed other public research sources for information related to transactions between the Company and its related
parties 

 Performed
confirmations for account balances with related parties 

 Reviewed
transaction details in the accounts payable system for transactions with related parties 

 Examined
the Company s reconciliation of its related parties transactions and balances 

 Tested
expenses transactions between the Company and its related parties 

/s/ Singapore PAC 

Chartered
Accountants 

June 29, 2023 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Addentax Group Corp.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Addentax Group Corp. (the Company as of March 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial positions of the Company as of March
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis
of Matter 

The
Company has significant transactions with related parties, which are described in Note 5 to the financial statements. Transactions involving
related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free
market dealings may not exist. 

/s/
 B F Borgers CPA PC 

We have served as the Company s
 auditor since 2020. 

Lakewood, Colorado 

June 29, 2023 

F- 2 

ADDENTAX GROUP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In U.S. Dollars, except share data or otherwise
stated) 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivables 

Debt securities held-to-maturity 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories 

Other receivables 

Advances to suppliers 

Amount due from related party 

Other receivables 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Long-term prepayment 

Restricted Cash 

Long-term receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Short-term loan 

Accounts payable 

Related party borrowings 

Advances from customers 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Convertible debts 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability, net of current portion 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

EQUITY 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory reserve 

Accumulated deficits 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

ADDENTAX GROUP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

 (In U.S. Dollars, except share data or otherwise
stated) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Change in fair value of warrants and embedded conversion feature 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income 

Interest expenses 

Other income (expenses), net 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

Income tax expense 

NET INCOME 

Foreign currency translation gain / (loss) 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

EARNING PER SHARE 

Basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

ADDENTAX GROUP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 (In U.S. Dollars, except share data or otherwise
stated) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Unrestricted 
 Statutory reserve 
 comprehensive loss 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Unrestricted 
 Statutory reserve 
 comprehensive loss 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2021 

Balance 

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2022 

Balance 

Issuance of common stocks 

- 
 - 
 - 

Appropriation of Statutory reserve 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE AT MARCH 31, 2023 

Balance 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

ADDENTAX GROUP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In U.S. Dollars, except share data or otherwise
stated) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Investment income 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value gain or loss 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Advances to suppliers 

Other receivables 

Accounts payables 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Advances from customers 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of plant and equipment 
 - 

Purchase of debt securities 
 
 - 
 
 Long-term receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Cash decreased in disposal of subsidiaries 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from related party borrowings 

Repayment of related party borrowings 

Repayment of bank borrowings 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt and warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Restricted cash 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stocks 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for interest 
 - 

Cash paid during the year for income tax 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 - 

Transfer of Right-of-use assets due to disposal of subsidiary 
 
 - 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

ADDENTAX GROUP CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Yingxi
 Industrial Chain Investment Co., Ltd. Yingxi HK 

Qianhai
 Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd. WFOE 

Shenzhen
 Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Services Co., Ltd. YX 

Dongguan
 Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd. HSW 

Dongguan
 Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd. YS 

Shantou
 Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd. YBY 

Dongguan
 Aotesi Garments Co.,Ltd. AOT 

Shenzhen
 Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd. XKJ 

Shenzhen
 Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd. PF 

Shenzhen
 Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd. TD 

Zhuang
 Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd. ZHJ 

Dongguan
 Yingxi Daying Commercial Co., Ltd. DY 

allowance for doubtful accounts
was made for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

write-downs for obsolete finished goods for the year ended March 31, 2023.
Write-downs for obsolete finished goods for the year ended March 31, 2022 was approximately million. 

- years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 - years 
 
 Office equipment 
 - years 

The cost and related accumulated depreciation
of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of loss and comprehensive
loss. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to the statement of income as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments
are capitalized. 

impairment of long-lived
assets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

For all reporting periods, the Company
has not disclosed the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for all product and service revenue contracts with an original expected
length of one year or less, which is an optional exemption that is permitted under the adopted rules as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Rental income from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. 

Cost of revenues for garment manufacturing
segment includes the direct raw material cost, direct labor cost, manufacturing overheads including depreciation of production equipment
and rent. Cost of revenue for logistics services segment includes gasoline and diesel fuel, toll charges and subcontracting fees. Cost
of revenue of property management and subleasing business was mainly the amortization of right-of-used assets for the subleasing business. 

and Nil for the year ended March 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

. The Company files income tax returns with the
relevant government authorities in the PRC. The Company does not believe there will be any material changes in its unrecognized tax positions
over the next 12 months. 

The Company s policy is to recognize
interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The Company does not have any accrued
interest or penalties associated with any unrecognized tax benefits, nor was any interest expense recognized during the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022. The Company s effective tax rate differs from the PRC federal statutory rate primarily due to non-deductible
expenses, temporary differences and preferential tax treatments. 

The U.S. federal tax legislation, commonly
referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the U.S. Tax Reform ), was signed into law on December 22, 2017. for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 ; limiting and/or eliminating many business deductions; migrating the U.S. to
a territorial tax system with a one-time transaction tax on a mandatory deemed repatriation of previously deferred foreign earnings of
certain foreign subsidiaries; subject to certain limitations, generally eliminating U.S. corporate income tax on dividends from foreign
subsidiaries; and providing for new taxes on certain foreign earnings. Taxpayers may elect to pay the one-time transition tax over eight
years, or in a single lump-sum payment. The Company measured the current and deferred taxes based on the provisions of the Tax legislation.
After the Company s measurement, no deferred tax benefit nor expense was recorded relating to the Tax Act changes for the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Noncurrent assets 
 - 
 
 Current liabilities 

Net assets 

The consideration was at the fair value
as of date of disposal, which was also the carrying value of DY, resulting no gain or loss recognized on the disposal. 

. 

The Company leases Shenzhen XKJ office
rent-free from Bihua Yang. 

Bihua Yang 
 
 - 

Hongye Financial Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 
 
 - 
 
 Bihua Yang (2) 
 - 

Dewu Huang (3) 

Jinlong Huang 

Total Related party
 debt 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

The borrowing balances of related parties
are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. 

- 

The Company purchased a note
issued by a third-party investment company on August 24, 2022. The principal amount of the note is .
The note is renewable with one-year tenor on August 23, 2023 and 
p.a. coupon. As of March 31, 2023, the coupon receivable is . 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Deposit 

Receivable of consideration on disposal of subsidiaries 

Other receivables 

Total
 Prepayment 

Motor vehicles 

Office equipment 

Total gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

million. The loan is interest free and will be expired in August
2025. 

(RMB for daily operations. The loans are guaranteed at no cost by the legal representative of HSW. As of March 31, 2023, the
Company has borrowed (RMB (March 31, 2022: , or RMB under this line of credit with various annual interest
rates from to . The outstanding loan balance was due on September 30, 2021. The Company was not able to renew the loan facility
with the bank. The Company is negotiating with the bank on repayment schedule of the loan balance and interest payable. 

. No provision for income taxes in Hong Kong has been made as Yingxi
HK had no taxable income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

YX were incorporated in the PRC and is
subject to the EIT tax rate of . No provision for income taxes in the PRC has been made as YX had no taxable income for the years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The Company is governed by the Income Tax
Laws of the PRC. All Yingxi s operating companies were subject to progressive EIT rates from to in 2023 and 2022. . 

The Company s parent entity, Addentax
Group Corp. is a U.S entity and is subject to the United States federal income tax. No provision for income taxes in the United States
has been made as Addentax Group Corp. had no United States taxable income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Computed expected benefits 

Temporary differences 

Permanent difference 

Changes in valuation allowance 

Reported income tax expense 

As of March 31, 2023, the accumulated tax
losses in China amounting to million (2022: million) will expire in five years. As of March 31, 2023, the accumulated net operating
loss carried forward in the US entity was million (2021: million). 

Deferred tax assets had not been recognized in respect of any potential tax benefit that may be derived from non-capital
loss carry forward and property and equipment due to past negative evidence of previous cumulative net losses and uncertainty upon restructuring.
The management will continue to assess at each reporting period to determine the realizability of deferred tax assets. 

(b) 
 Value Added Tax VAT 

In accordance with the relevant taxation
laws in the PRC, the normal VAT rate for domestic sales is , which is levied on the invoiced value of sales and is payable by the purchaser.
The subsidiaries HSW, YBY, AOT, ZHJ and YS enjoyed preferential VAT rate of . Companies are required to remit the VAT they collect
to the tax authority. A credit is available whereby VAT paid on purchases can be used to offset the VAT due on sales. 

For services, the applicable VAT rate is
 under the relevant tax category for logistic company, except the branch of YXPF enjoyed the preferential VAT rate of in 2022 and
2021. The Company is required to pay the full amount of VAT calculated at the applicable VAT rate of the invoiced value of sales as required.
A credit is available whereby VAT paid on gasoline and toll charges can be used to offset the VAT due on service income. 

Logistics services segment 

Property management and subleasing 

Total of reportable segments 

Corporate and other 

Total consolidated revenue 

Logistics services segment 

Property management and subleasing 

Total of reportable segments 

Corporate and other 

Total consolidated loss from operations 

Logistics services segment 

Property management and subleasing 

Total of reportable segments 

Corporate and other 

Total consolidated depreciation and amortization 

Logistics services segment 

Property management and subleasing 

Total of reportable segments 

Corporate and other 

Total consolidated financial cost 

Logistics services segment 

Property management and subleasing 
 - 

Total of reportable segments 

Corporate and other 

Consolidated total assets 

Geographical Information 

Total 

Accrued expenses 

Other tax payable 

Rental payable 

Interest payable 

Customers deposits 
 - 

Advance payment from shareholder 
 - 

Other payables 

Accrued
 expenses and other payables 

in consideration of the issuance of: 

senior secured convertible notes in the aggregate original principal amount of approximately million with interest rate of per annum (the Convertible Notes The Convertible Notes shall be matured on . The conversion price is , subject to adjustment under several conditions. 

warrants to purchase up to approximately million shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock until on or prior to 11:59 p.m. (New York time) on the five-year anniversary of the closing date at an exercise price of per share, also subject to adjustment under several conditions. 

The Warrant is considered
a freestanding instrument issued together with the Convertible Note and measured at its issuance date fair value. Proceeds received were
first allocated to the Warrant based on its initial fair value. The initial fair value of the Warrant was million. The Warrant were
marked to the market with the changes in the fair value of warrant recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. As of March 31, 2023, the balance of the Warrant was approximately million. 

The Convertible Note
is classified as a liability and is subsequently stated at amortized cost with any difference between the initial carrying value and the
repayment amount as interest expenses using the effective interest method over the period from the issuance date to the maturity date.
The embedded conversion feature should be bifurcated and separately accounted for using fair value, as this embedded feature is considered
not clearly and closely related to the debt host. The bifurcated conversion feature was recorded at fair value with the changes recorded
in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The initial fair value of the embedded conversion feature was 
million. As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the conversion option was million. 

The Company determined
that the other embedded features do not require bifurcation as they either are clearly and closely related to the Convertible Note or
do not meet the definition of a derivative. 

million was received by the Company in January 2023, and allocated
to each of the financial instruments as following: 

SCHEDULE OF
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

As of January 4, 2023 

Derivative liabilities Fair value of the Warrants 

Derivative liabilities Embedded conversion feature 

Convertible Note 

In January 2023, the Company
also granted to the placement agent a warrant as partial of agent fee to purchase 
million shares of common stock of the Company. The warrant is matured in with an exercise price of 
subject to adjustments under different conditions. The warrant was recognized as derivative liability and the initial fair value was
 
million. 

As of March 31, 2023, there was not any conversion of the convertible note nor any exercise of warrants. 

million lease liability as well as right-of-use asset for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement
date. Lease liabilities are measured at present value of the sum of remaining rental payments as of March 31, 2023, with discounted
rate of .
A single lease cost is recognized over the lease term on a generally straight-line basis. All cash payments of operating lease cost
are classified within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. 

The Company leases its head office. The
lease period is years with an option to extend the lease. The Company leases its plant and dormitory for years with an option to
extend the lease. 

The Company leased three floors of a commercial
building for 3 years with an option to extend the lease in Humen Town of Dongguan City from the landlord and provides shops subleasing
and property management services for garment wholesalers and retailers in the leased property. 

Short-term lease cost 

Lease
 Cost 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating leases liabilities 
 - 

Transfer of Right-of-use assets due to disposal of subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term - Operating leases (years) 

Weighted average discount rate - Operating leases 

2025 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Total 

ordinary shares were issued and sold to the public, with proceeds of approximately million, net of underwriter
commissions and relevant offering expenses. 

In September, 2022, shares were
issued upon cashless exercise of Underwriter Warrants. 

On February 3, 2023, shares were
issued as pre-delivery shares to the placement agents. 

In January 2023, the Company increased
its authorized share capital and the authorized share capital is US divided into ordinary shares with par value of
US per share. There are and ordinary shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Statutory reserve 

. The amount appropriated
to statutory reserve for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were and Nil , respectively. The balance of paid-up statutory
reserve was and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

- 
 
 Consultant fee income 
 - 

Allowance for obsolete
 inventories 
 - 

Penalty income from customers 
 defaults 

Subsidy from government 

Donations 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Other
 income, net 

and as at March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022, respectively. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average yearly exchange rates, which are and for the two
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Any translation adjustments
resulting are not included in determining net income but are included in foreign exchange adjustments to other comprehensive loss, a component
of equity. 

(c) 
 Concentration Risks 

Customer B 

Customer C 
 
 Nil 
 
 Customer D 
 
 Nil 

The high concentration as of March 31,
2023 was mainly due to business development of a large distributor of garments. Management believes that should the Company lose any one
of its major customers, it was able to sell similar products to other customers. 

Logistics services segment 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Customer A 

Customer B 
 
 Nil 
 
 Customer C 

Customer D 
 
 Nil 
 
 Customer E 

Property management and subleasing 

There is no account receivable for Property
management and subleasing segment as for March 31, 2023. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, one
customer from logistics services segment provided more than of total consolidated revenue of the Company, representing of total
revenue of the Company. 

Logistics services segment 

Property management and subleasing 

Two and one suppliers provided more than
 of our raw materials purchases for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Management believes that should the Company
lose any one of its major suppliers, other suppliers are available that could provide similar products to the Company. 

(d) 
 Interest Rate Risk 

The Company s exposure to
interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest expenses on our outstanding bank borrowings and the interest income generated
by cash invested in cash deposits and liquid investments. As of March 31, 2023, the total outstanding borrowings amounted to (RMB with various interest rate from 
to 
p.a. (Note 13) 

million in cash. 

The
Company effected the amendment and combination to the outstanding shares of our common stock into a lesser number of outstanding
shares (the Reverse Stock Split Amendment on a ratio of one-for-ten, with effected date on June 26, 2023. 

As at the date of this report, approximately million of convertible note including principal and related accrued
interest were converted into approximately million ordinary shares. The effective average conversion price was per share. 

There are no other subsequent events have
occurred that would require recognition or disclosure in the financial statements. 

F- 22 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules
and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023 Based on the evaluation of these disclosure
controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the
supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 using
the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 the Company determined that
there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

We did not maintain a sufficient
complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge of accounting, experience, and training commensurate with its financial
reporting requirements. 

56 

Accordingly, the Company concluded
that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses
described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of
March 31, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified
above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting
will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions
and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The name, address, age and titles of our executive
officers and directors are as follows: 

Name Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Date of First Appointment 
 
 Hong Zhida 
 
 33 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary 
 
 March 10, 2017 

Huang Chao 
 
 30 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March 8, 2019 

Hong Zhiwang 
 
 29 
 
 Director 
 
 March 13, 2019 

Yu Jiaxin (1)(2)(3) 
 
 40 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 March 13, 2019 

Alex. P. Hamilton (1)(2)(3) 
 
 49 
 
 Independent
Director 
 
 May 10, 2021 

Jiangping (Gary) Xiao (1)(2)(3) 
 
 42 
 
 Independent
Director 
 
 May 12, 2021 

(1) 
 Member of the Audit Committee 
 
 (2) 
 Member of the Compensation Committee 
 
 (3) 
 Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Hong Zhida, Chairman, CEO, President and Secretary 

Mr. Hong Zhida
received his bachelor s degree in electronic information science and technology from Sun Yat-sen University in July 2013. From
June 2014 to Present, he served as the Director of China Huiying Joint Supply Chain Group Co. Ltd. He was responsible for assisting
the company s chairman to plan development strategy. From September 2013 to May 2014, he served as Head of Membership
Department of the Guangzhou Haifeng Chamber of Commerce. In that position he was responsible for the membership management of the
institution. 

58 

Mr. Huang Chao, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Mr. Huang Chao earned two bachelor s
degrees, one in marketing from Shaoguan University, China in 2014 and the other in international logistics and trade finance from University
of Northampton, United Kingdom in 2015. He earned his master s degree in finance and investment management from University of Liverpool,
United Kingdom in 2016 to broaden and deepen his knowledge in the accounting and finance field. After his graduation in 2016, he was appointed
as a secretary to Chairman in Addentax Group Corp. He handles all Company s filings to ensure the Company complies with regulations
and advising on good corporate governance practice. Huang Chao interacts with the directors, general manager of each business unit, various
regulatory and professional bodies such as the SEC, auditors and attorneys to ensure the compliance. His management experiences, and profound
knowledge in finance make him well positioned for his role as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 

Yu Jiaxin, Independent Director 

Ms. Yu Jiaxin earned her bachelor s
degree in business management from Nankai University, China in 2006. Ms. Yu currently is the senior human resources director of Kingkey
Capital Management Co., Ltd., a Group which offers real estate development, commercial operation, financial investment, and other services
in Shenzhen, China. She has worked for Kingkey Group since 2008, initially as a human resources officer and now as senior human resources
director. She assisted in the set-up of Kingkey s annual operating plan and budget in accordance with the company s annual
goals and strategies, building the company s organizational structure and coordinating Human Resource and Administration, establishing
the sound comprehensive personnel administrative management system which is adaptable to the company s development, and implementing
and supervising the system. Bringing over ten years of human resources administration experience, she brings to the Board insights on
compensation and benefits. 

Hong Zhiwang, Director 

Mr. Hong Zhiwang earned his bachelor s
degree in Automation Engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology University Zhuhai Campus, China in 2014. Mr. Hong has been the brand
marketing manager at Addentax Group Corp. since 2018 and is responsible for e-commerce marketing covering design website, brand marketing,
market investigation and development, and expanding marketing channels to develop new clients, designing the company s logo and
registering copyrights. In 2014, he was the PDM Software Engineer for Hongfan Computer Technology Co., Ltd. and was responsible
for developing software, on-site inspection and guidance and software maintenance, in assistance of ERP to manage the system and create
brand new demands design and in charge of R D of PLM System, surface model design and function model development, structure development
and communications technology development. He brings to the Board deep brand marketing experience. 

Alex
P. Hamilton, Independent Director 

Mr. Hamilton obtained his B.A.
in Economics from Brandeis University in 1994. Mr. Alex P. Hamilton, age 49, has been the Chief Financial Officer of CBD Biotech Inc.
since November 2018, and has also served as Director of CBD Biotech Inc. since April 2019. In April 2016, Mr. Hamilton founded Hamilton
Laundry, and has served as its chief executive officer since then. Mr. Hamilton also founded Hamilton Strategy in November 2014, and has
served as its chief executive officer since. From November 2013 to November 2014, Mr. Hamilton was the president of Kei Advisors. Mr.
Hamilton was also the Co-Founder of Donald Capital LLC, and has served as its president since May 2019. Mr. Hamilton has been serving
as an independent director and the chairman of the audit committee of Wunong Net Technology Company Limited (Nasdaq: WNW) since December
2020. 

The Board has determined that
Mr. Hamilton satisfies the definition of independent director in accordance with Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Marketplace Rules
of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. and Section 10(A)(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Mr. Hamilton has accepted
our appointment to be our independent director, effective on the Appointment Effective Date. 

59 

Jiangping (Gary) Xiao, Independent Director 

Mr. Xiao obtained a master s
degree in business administration from the Ross School of Business Management at the University of Michigan in 2006 and a bachelor s
degree in accounting from Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, in 2000. Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao, age 40, has been the vice president
of finance and accounting at Hilco IP Merchant Banking since July 2019. Since December 2020, Mr. Xiao has been serving as an independent
director and the chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee of Wunong Net Technology Company Limited (Nasdaq: WNW).
From March 2017 to March 2019, Mr. Xiao served as the chief financial officer of Professional Diversity Network, Inc.. From June 2013
to April 2016, Mr. Xiao served as the chief financial officer and financial controller of Petstages Inc.. From August 2008 to May 2013,
Mr. Xiao served as the operation financial controller of the operations management group of The Jordan Company, a private equity firm.
From June 2006 to August 2008, Mr. Xiao served as a senior finance associate in the financial planning and analysis department of United
Airlines, Inc.. Mr. Xiao obtained a master s degree in business administration from the Ross School of Business Management at the
University of Michigan in 2006 and a bachelor s degree in accounting from Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, in 2000. 

The Board has determined that
Mr. Xiao satisfies the definition of independent director in accordance with Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Marketplace Rules of
The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. and Section 10(A)(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Mr. Hamilton has accepted our
appointment to be our independent director, effective on the Appointment Effective Date. 

Board Committees 

Our board of directors has established standing committees
in connection with the discharge of its responsibilities. These committees include an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our board of directors has adopted written charters for each of these committees. 

Audit Committee 

Our Audit Committee was established
on March 8, 2019 and is currently comprised of one independent director, Ms. Yu Jiaxin. Upon effectiveness of the appointment of Mr. Alex
P. Hamilton and Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao as our independent directors on the Appointment Effective Date, our Audit Committee will comprise
of three independent directors: Mr. Alex P. Hamilton (Chairperson), Ms. Yu Jiaxin and Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao. Mr. Alex P. Hamilton
qualifies as the Audit Committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act. 

According to its charter, the
Audit Committee consists of at least three members, each of whom shall be a non-employee director who has been determined by the Board
to meet the independence requirements of NASDAQ, and also Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the SEC, subject to the exemptions provided in Rule 10A-3(c).
We do not have a website containing a copy of the Audit Committee Charter. The Audit Committee Charter describes the primary functions
of the Audit Committee, including the following: 

Oversee the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes; 

Oversee audits of the Company s financial statements; 

Discuss policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, and discuss the Company s major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; 

Review and discuss with management the Company s audited financial statements and review with management and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm the Company s financial statements prior to the filing with the SEC of any report containing such financial statements. 

60 

Recommend to the board that the Company s audited financial statements be included in its annual report on Form 10-K for the last fiscal year; 

Meet separately, periodically, with management, with the Company s internal auditors (or other personnel responsible for the internal audit function) and with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; 

Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of any independent registered public accounting firm engaged to prepare or issue an audit report for the Company; 

Take, or recommend that the board take, appropriate action to oversee and ensure the independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; and 

Review major changes to the Company s auditing and accounting principles and practices as suggested by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, internal auditors or management. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among
other matters: 

reviewing and approving, or recommending to the board of directors to approve the compensation of our CEO and other executive officers and directors reviewing key employee compensation goals, policies, plans and programs; 

administering incentive and equity-based compensation; 

reviewing and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers; and 

appointing and overseeing any compensation consultants or advisors. 

Our Compensation Committee was established on March
8, 2019 and is currently comprised of one independent director, Ms. Yu Jiaxin (Chairperson). Upon effectiveness of the appointment of
Mr. Alex P. Hamilton and Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao as our independent directors on the Appointment Effective Date, our Compensation Committee
will comprise of three independent directors: Ms. Yu Jiaxin (Chairperson), Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao and Mr. Alex P. Hamilton. 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

The Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee is responsible for, among other matters: 

selecting or recommending for selection candidates for directorships; 

evaluating the independence of directors and director nominees; 

reviewing and making recommendations regarding the structure and composition of our board and the board committees; 

developing and recommending to the board corporate governance principles and practices; 

reviewing and monitoring the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and 

overseeing the evaluation of the Company s management. 

61 

Our Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee was established on March 8, 2019 and is currently comprised of one independent directors, Ms. Yu Jiaxin. Upon effectiveness
of the appointment of Mr. Alex P. Hamilton and Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao as our independent directors on the Appointment Effective Date,
our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will comprise of three independent directors: Ms. Yu Jiaxin, Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao
(Chairperson) and Mr. Alex P. Hamilton. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Mr. Hong Zhida holds the positions
of chief executive officer and chairman of the board of the Company. The board believes that Mr. Hong Zhida s services as both chief
executive officer and chairman of the board is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Mr. Hong Zhida possesses detailed
and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges facing the Company in its business and is thus best positioned to develop
agendas that ensure that the Board s time and attention are focused on the most critical matters relating to the business of the
Company. His combined role enables decisive leadership, ensures clear accountability, and enhances the Company s ability to communicate
its message and strategy clearly and consistently to the Company s shareholders, employees and customers. 

The board has not designated a
lead director. Given the limited number of directors comprising the Board, the independent directors call and plan their executive sessions
collaboratively and, between meetings of the Board, communicate with management and one another directly. Under these circumstances, the
directors believe designating a lead director to take on responsibility for functions in which they all currently participate might detract
from rather than enhance performance of their responsibilities as directors. 

Management is responsible for
assessing and managing risk, subject to oversight by the board of directors. The board oversees our risk management policies and risk
appetite, including operational risks and risks relating to our business strategy and transactions. Various committees of the board assist
the board in this oversight responsibility in their respective areas of expertise. 

Code of Ethics 

In September 2018, we adopted
a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to, among other persons, members of our board of directors, our Company s officers
including our Chief Executive Officer, employees, consultants and advisors. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth
written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

1. 
 honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

2. 
 full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the SEC and in other public communications made by us; 

3. 
 compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

4. 
 the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethical Business Conduct to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Ethical Business Conduct; and 

5. 
 accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethical Business Conduct. 

Our Code of Code of Ethical Business Conduct requires,
among other things, that all of our company s senior officers commit to timely, accurate and consistent disclosure of information;
that they maintain confidential information; and that they act with honesty and integrity. 

62 

In addition, our Code of Ethical
Business Conduct emphasizes that all employees, and particularly senior officers, have a responsibility for maintaining financial integrity
within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal and state securities laws. Any senior officer,
who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether by witnessing the incident
or being told of it, must report it to our Company. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated
as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our Company policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation
or potential violation of our company s Code of Ethical Business Conduct by another. 

Family Relationships 

Mr. Hong Zhida, an executive officer
of the Company, and Mr. Hong Zhiwang, a director of the Company, are brothers. Apart from this, there are no family relationships between
any director or executive officer of the Company. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following tables set forth
certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officer for the fiscal years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022: 

Summary Compensation Table 

Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Totals ) 
 
 Zhida Hong 
 2023 
 17,229 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 17,229 
 
 (CEO) 
 2022 
 17,229 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 17,229 

Chao Huang 
 2023 
 29,143 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 29,143 
 
 (CFO) 
 2022 
 22,187 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 22,187 

There are no current employment agreements between
the Company and its officers. 

Mr. Hong Zhida is the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary. Mr. Hong s compensation is 1,436 per month. Mr. Hong may be entitled to options
from time to time as authorized and approved by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors. 

Mr. Huang
Chao as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. On April 15, 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Chao. Mr. Chao s compensation is 1,849 per month. Mr. Chao may be entitled to options from time to time as authorized
and approved by the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors. 

63 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

There are no annuity, pension
or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to the officer or director or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement date
pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, if any. 

Stock Option Plan 

Currently, we do not have an equity
incentive plan in place. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

To date, there have been no grants
or plan-based awards. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

To date, there have been no outstanding
equity awards. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

To date, there have been no options
exercised by our named officers. 

Compensation of Directors 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Totals ) 
 
 Alex P. Hamilton 
 2023 
 7,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 7,500 
 
 (Independent Director) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Jiaxin Yu 
 2023 
 15,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 15,000 
 
 (Independent Director) 
 2022 
 15,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 15,000 

Jiangping (Gary) Xiao 
 2023 
 7,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 7,500 
 
 (Independent Director) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Ms. Yu Jiaxin has entered into
an independent director agreement with the company, pursuant to which Ms. Yu will receive annual cash compensation of 15,000 payable
quarterly in advance on the first business day of each calendar quarter. 

Mr. Alex P. Hamilton has entered
into an independent director agreement with the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Hamilton will receive annual cash compensation of 15,000
payable quarterly in advance on the first business day of each calendar quarter. 

Mr. Jiangping (Gary) Xiao has
entered into an independent director agreement with the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Xiao will receive annual cash compensation of 15,000
payable quarterly in advance on the first business day of each calendar quarter. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans
in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing
plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options
may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

64 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth,
as of June 30, 2023, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each stockholder known by us to
own beneficially five percent or more of our outstanding common stock or series a common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive
officer; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and their percentage ownership and voting power. The column
entitled Percentage Ownership of Shares of Common Stock is based on a total of 37,395,420 shares of our issued
and outstanding common stock. 

The information presented below
regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial
owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose
or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to
acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within sixty (60) days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security,
warrant, option, or other right. More than one (1) person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage
of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such
person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within sixty (60)
days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage
may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe
that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Name and Address (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage Ownership of Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Officers 

Hong Zhida 
 1,507,950 
 4.03 

Hong Zhiwang 
 501,171 
 1.34 

Huang Chao 
 25,720 
 0.07 

Alex. P. Hamilton 
 - 
 - 

Yu Jiaxin 
 - 
 - 

Jiangping (Gary) Xiao 
 - 
 - 

All Officers and Directors (six persons) 
 2,034,841 
 5.44 

Owner of more than 5 of Class 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Except as otherwise set forth below, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Addentax Group Corp., Kingkey 100, Block A, Room 4805, Luohu District, Shenzhen City, China 518000. 

65 

Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we have related
party transactions as set forth below: 

Name of Related Parties 
 
 Relationship with the Company 
 
 Zhida Hong 
 
 President, CEO, and a director of the Company 
 
 Hongye Financial Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 
 
 A company controlled by CEO, Mr. Zhida Hong 
 
 Bihua Yang 
 
 A legal representative of XKJ 
 
 Dewu Huang 
 
 A legal representative of YBY 
 
 Jinlong Huang 
 
 A manager of HSW 

The Company leases Shenzhen XKJ office
rent-free from Bihua Yang. 

The Company had the following related party
balances at the end of the years: 

Amount due from related party 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Hongye Financial Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 
 - 
 110,242 
 
 Bihua Yang 
 375,092 
 - 

375,092 
 110,242 

Being lease of the quarter ended March
31, 2022 paid on behalf of Hongye Financial Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. for the shared office in Shenzhen. 

Related party debt 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Zhida Hong (1) 
 901,110 
 3,297,951 
 
 Hongye Financial Consulting (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 
 45,841 
 - 
 
 Bihua Yang (2) 
 - 
 31,738 
 
 Dewu Huang (3) 
 1,305,758 
 212,290 
 
 Jinlong Huang 
 131,924 
 153,010 

2,384,633 
 3,694,989 

(1) 
 Being interest free loan as financial support from Zhida Hong to daily operation of the Company. 

(2) 
 Being financial support from Bihua Yang for XKJ s daily operation. 

(3) 
 The decrease of related party debt was mainly due to the repayment of the debt. 

The borrowing balances of related party
are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. 

The Board has determined that
each of Yu Jiaxin, Alex P. Hamilton and Jiangping (Gary) Xiao satisfies the definition of independent director in accordance
with Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Marketplace Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. and Section 10(A)(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth
fees billed, or expected to be billed, to us by our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022, for (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements;
(ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not
reported as audit fees; (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance; and
(iv) all other services: 

ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 2023 
 2022 

Audit fees (1) 
 145,000 
 195,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 145,000 
 195,000 

Audit
fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements, for reviews of our fiscal yearend
financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory
or regulatory filings or engagements. 

Our Board
pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the Board
either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our Board
has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities
unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

66 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits , Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following exhibits are included as part of this
report by reference: 

Exhibit 

Filed or Furnished 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Number 

Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Date 
 
 File No. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 

S-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/5/2015 
 
 333-206097 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment Pursuant to NRS 78.386 and 78.390, effectuating the two for one forward stock split and increasing the authorized shares of common stock of Addentax Group Corp. from 75,000,000 to 150,000,000 

8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/21/2016 
 
 333-206097 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment Pursuant to NRS 78.385 and 78.390, increasing the authorized shares of common stock of Addentax Group Corp. to 1,000,000,000 

S-1 
 
 3.3 
 
 4/18/2019 
 
 333-230943 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209, effectuating the 20-for-1 reverse stock split and decreasing the authorized shares of common stock of Addentax Group Corp. from 1,000,000,000 to 50,000,000 

8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/5/2019 
 
 333-206097 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 

8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/15/2019 
 
 333-206097 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 + 

4.2 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 1/4/2023 

4.3 
 
 Form of PIPE Warrant 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/4/2023 

4.4 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant 

8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 1/4/2023 

10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 

S-1 
 
 99.1 
 
 8/5/2015 
 
 333-206097 
 
 10.2 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Acquisition of 100 of the shares and assets of Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd.; Dated December 26, 2016 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/28/2016 
 
 333-206097 
 
 10.3 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement for the Acquisition of 100 of the shares and assets of Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd.; Dated March 6, 2017 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/7/2017 
 
 333-206097 
 
 10.4 
 
 Independent Director Agreement with Mr. Alex P. Hamilton 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/10/2021 
 
 333-206097 
 
 10.5 
 
 Independent Director Agreement with Ms. Yu Jiaxin 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 3/11/2019 
 
 333-206097 
 
 10.6 
 
 Independent Director Agreement with Jiangping (Gary) Xiao 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/13/2021 
 
 333-206097 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 4, 2023 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/4/2023 
 
 001-41478 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 10, 2023 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/10/2023 
 
 001-41478 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 1/4/2023 
 
 001-41478 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Security and Pledge Agreement 

8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 1/4/2023 
 
 001-41478 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Guaranty Agreement 

8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 1/4/2023 
 
 001-41478 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement 

8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 1/4/2023 
 
 001-41478 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement dated January 4, 2023 

8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 1/4/2023 
 
 001-41478 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

10-K/A 
 
 14.1 
 
 9/21/2018 
 
 333-206097 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 + 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Hiways Law Firm (Shenzhen) 
 
 + 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 
 
 + 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

+ 

32.1 
 
 Certifications by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 + 

32.2 
 
 Certifications by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 + 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document + 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document + 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document + 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document + 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document + 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document + 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ Filed herewith 

Item 16. 10-K Summary 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not to supply
a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. 

Date: June 29, 2023 

ADDENTAX GROUP CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Hong Zhida 

Name: 
 Hong Zhida 

Title: 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Hong Zhida 
 
 CEO, President, Secretary and Director 
 
 June 29 , 2023 
 
 Hong Zhida 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Huang Chao 
 
 CFO and Treasurer 
 
 June 29 , 2023 
 
 Huang Chao 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Hong Zhiwang 

June 29 , 2023 
 
 Hong Zhiwang 
 
 Director 

/s/ Yu Jiaxin 

June 29 , 2023 
 
 Yu
Jiaxin 
 
 Independent Director 

/s/ Alex P. Hamilton 

June 29 , 2023 
 
 Alex
P. Hamilton 
 
 Independent Director 

/s/ Jiangping (Gary) Xiao 

June 29 , 2023 
 
 Jiangping
(Gary) Xiao 
 
 Independent Director 

/s/ Hong Zhida 

Hong Zhida 

Attorney-in-Fact 

68 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL
STOCK 

We have
authorized capital stock consisting of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share. 

As of
the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, we had 37,395,420 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

The following
description of our capital stock is a summary only and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions
of the Nevada Revised Statutes, and our charter and Bylaws. You should refer to, and read this summary together with, our Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended and restated to date, to review all of the terms of our capital stock. Our Articles of Incorporation
and amendments thereto are incorporated by reference as exhibits to our annual report. 

Common Stock 

Each
share of our common stock is entitled to equal dividends and distributions per share with respect to the common stock when, as and if
declared by our Board of Directors. No holder of any shares of our common stock has a preemptive right to subscribe for any of our securities,
nor are any shares of our common stock subject to redemption or convertible into other securities. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
of the Company, and after payment to our creditors and preferred stockholders, if any, our assets will be divided pro rata on a share-for-share
basis among the holders of our common stock. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all stockholder matters. Shares
of our common stock do not possess any cumulative voting rights. 

The presence
of the persons entitled to vote a majority of the outstanding voting shares on a matter before the stockholders constitute the quorum
necessary for the consideration of the matter at a stockholders meeting. 

Except
as otherwise required by law, the Articles of Incorporation, or any certificate of designations, (i) at all meetings of stockholders for
the election of directors, a plurality of votes cast are sufficient to elect such directors; (ii) any other action taken by stockholders
are be valid and binding upon the Company if the number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes cast in opposition
to the action, at a meeting at which a quorum is present, except that adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws by stockholders requires
the vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote; and (iii) broker non-votes and abstentions are considered for purposes of establishing
a quorum but not considered as votes cast for or against a proposal or director nominee. Each stockholder has one vote for every share
of stock having voting rights registered in his or her name, except as otherwise provided in any preferred stock designation setting forth
the right of preferred stock stockholders. 

The common
stock does not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of 51 of the common stock voting for election of directors
can elect 100 of our directors if they choose to do so. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions
Under The Nevada Revised Statutes 

Certain
provisions of Nevada law, and our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws (subject, where applicable as described below, our opting out
of certain provisions of Nevada law), contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult: acquisition of us
by means of a tender offer; acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or removal of our incumbent officers and directors.
It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise
consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market
price for our shares. 

These
provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are
also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. We believe that the
benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to
acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result
in an improvement of their terms. 

Business Combinations 

Sections
78.411 to 78.444 of the Nevada revised statues (the NRS prohibit a Nevada corporation from engaging in a combination 
with an interested stockholder for three years following the date that such person becomes an interested stockholder
and place certain restrictions on such combinations even after the expiration of the three-year period. With certain exceptions, an interested
stockholder is a person or group that owns 10 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting power (including stock with respect
to which the person has voting rights and any rights to acquire stock pursuant to an option, warrant, agreement, arrangement, or understanding
or upon the exercise of conversion or exchange rights) or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 10 or
more of such voting stock at any time within the previous three years. 

A Nevada
corporation may elect not to be governed by Sections 78.411 to 78.444 by a provision in its Articles of Incorporation. We do not have
such a provision in our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, pursuant to which we have elected to opt out of Sections 78.411 to 78.444;
therefore, these sections apply to us. 

Control Shares 

Nevada
law also seeks to impede unfriendly corporate takeovers by providing in Sections 78.378 to 78.3793 of the NRS that
an acquiring person shall only obtain voting rights in the control shares purchased by such
person to the extent approved by the other stockholders at a meeting. With certain exceptions, an acquiring person is one who acquires
or offers to acquire a controlling interest in the corporation, defined as one-fifth or more of the voting power.
Control shares include not only shares acquired or offered to be acquired in connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest,
but also all shares acquired by the acquiring person within the preceding 90 days. The statute covers not only the acquiring person but
also any persons acting in association with the acquiring person. 

A Nevada
corporation may elect to opt out of the provisions of Sections 78.378 to 78.3793 of the NRS. We do not have a provision in our Articles
of Incorporation pursuant to which we have elected to opt out of Sections 78.378 to 78.3793; therefore, these sections apply to us. 

Removal of Directors 

Section
78.335 of the NRS provides that 2/3rds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company are required to remove
a Director from office. As such, it may be more difficult for stockholders to remove Directors due to the fact the NRS requires greater
than majority approval of the stockholders for such removal. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Addentax Group Corp. was incorporated in the State
of Nevada on October 28, 2014. The company operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries. 

Company name 
 
 Place/date of incorporation 
 
 Principal activities 

Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd. 
 Yingxi Seychelles 
 
 Seychelles / August 04, 2016 
 
 Investment holding 

Yingxi Industrial Chain Investment Co.,Ltd. 
 Yingxi HK 
 
 Hong Kong / July 28, 2016 
 
 Investment holding 

Qianhai Yingxi Textile Garments Co., Ltd. WFOE 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /November 29, 2016 
 
 Investment holding 

Shenzhen Qianhai Yingxi Industrial Chain Services Co.,
 Ltd 
 YX 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /January 29, 2016 
 
 Investment holding 

Dongguan Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd 
 HSW 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /May 15, 2009 
 
 Garment Manufacturing Business 

Dongguan Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd 
 YS 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /July 03, 2019 
 
 Garment Manufacturing Business 

Shantou Yi Bai Yi Garment Co., Ltd 
 YBY 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /December 17, 2019 
 
 Garment Manufacturing Business 

Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd 
 XKJ 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /September 28, 2001 
 
 Logistics Business 

Shenzhen Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic 
 Co., Ltd., 
 PF 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /November 16, 2020 
 
 Logistics Business 

Shenzhen Yingxi Tongda Logistic Co., Ltd 
 TD 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /May 13, 2021 
 
 Logistics Business 

Dongguan Yingxi Daying Commercial Co., Ltd. 
 DY 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /August 13, 2019 

Property Management 
 Subleasing Business 

Zhuang Hao Jia (Dongguan) Decoration Engineering Co.,Ltd. 
 ZHJ 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /July 21, 2022 
 
 Garment Manufacturing Business 

Dongguan Aotesi Garments Co., Ltd.,. 
 AOT 

Guangdong Province, China 
 /October 17, 2022 
 
 Garment Manufacturing Business 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Hong Zhida, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annually report on Form 10-K of Addentax Group Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 29, 2023 

/s/ Hong Zhida 

Hong Zhida 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and
 Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Huang Chao, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annually report on Form 10-K of Addentax Group Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 29, 2023 

/s/ Huang Chao 

Huang Chao 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Hong Zhida, Chief Executive Officer,
of Addentax Group Corp., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the annually report on Form 10-K of Addentax Group Corp. for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Addentax Group Corp. 

Dated: June 29, 2023 

/s/ Hong Zhida 

Hong Zhida 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and
 Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Addentax Group Corp. and will be retained
by Addentax Group Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Huang Chao, Chief Financial Officer,
of Addentax Group Corp., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the annually report on Form 10-K of Addentax Group Corp. for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Addentax Group Corp. 

Dated: June 29, 2023 

/s/ Huang Chao 

Huang Chao 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Addentax Group Corp. and will be retained
by Addentax Group Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 atxg-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 atxg-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 atxg-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 atxg-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

