<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1835856_0001104659-23-046240.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6768679</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>429751</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1110804</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2019962</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1393522</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1701092</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-046240.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417164331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-046240
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aurora Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001835856
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LOAN BROKERS [6163]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40143
		FILM NUMBER:		23824434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 309
		STREET 2:		UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		17134275051

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOUISIANA ST. SUITE 3000
		STREET 2:		BAKER & MCKENZIE LLP
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aurora Capital Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-046240.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 aurcu-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No The aggregate market value of ordinary shares beneficially owned by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date of 9.79 on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq securities exchange tier the common stock was trading on at such time), was . For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all interested directors and executive officers of the registrant have been treated as affiliates. As of April 5, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE PART I Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 25 Item 2. Properties 25 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 25 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 26 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 27 Item 6. [Reserved] 27 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 34 Item 9A. Controls and Procedure 34 Item 9B. Other Information 35 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 35 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 36 Item 11. Executive Compensation 40 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 40 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 42 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 46 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 47 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 50 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY Some of the statements contained in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: our ability to complete our initial business combination with Better Holdco, Inc. Better ), or any other initial business combination; public health or safety concerns and governmental restrictions, including those caused by outbreaks of pandemic disease such as the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; the delisting of our securities from Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following a business combination; our potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; the lack of a market for our securities; our use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; or our financial performance following our initial business combination. 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Table of Contents 
 Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section of this Annual Report titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd., or Novator, an affiliate of Novator Capital Ltd. (the Sponsor ), our directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. Public shareholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate an investment, therefore, a public shareholder may be forced to sell its public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. If the funds not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until September 30, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. Our warrants are being accounted for as a warrant liability and are being recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Class A ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders hold a substantial interest in us and will control the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that a public shareholder does not support. 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner and we may be unable to maintain compliance with applicable stock exchange listing requirements, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results . Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Past performance by our management team, directors and advisors may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company or in the future performance of any business we may acquire. 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the Company, we, us or our refer to Aurora Acquisition Corp. prior to the consummation of the business combination. Item 1. Business. General Aurora Acquisition Corp. Aurora is a blank check company incorporated on October 7, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While Aurora may pursue an initial business combination target in any stage of its corporate evolution or in any industry or sector, Aurora was initially focused on EMEA technology companies. Aurora has not engaged in any operations to date. Based on Aurora s business activities, it is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because it has no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On March 8, 2021, Aurora consummated its initial public offering of 22,000,000 units, with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-quarter of one public warrant, which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option for 2,300,287 units out of 3,300,000 units available in the over-allotment option. Concurrently with the closing of the initial public offering, Aurora closed two separate private placements with Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd., or Novator, an affiliate of Novator Capital Ltd (the Sponsor ), and certain executive officers and directors of Aurora, generating 41,400,000 in additional gross proceeds, including: (i) 3,500,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the Novator Private Placement Units ), consisting of one Class A ordinary shares (the Novator Private Placement Shares and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant (each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share) (the Novator Private Placement Warrants ), for gross proceeds of 35,000,000; and (ii) 4,266,667 private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for gross proceeds of 6,400,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the public warrants sold as part of the units in Aurora s initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by the Company; (2) they (including the shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of Aurora s initial business combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. Following the closing of Aurora s initial public offering on March 8, 2021, an amount equal to 255,000,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds from its initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ). This amount consisted of net proceeds of 220,000,000 from public shares from the initial public offering and net proceeds of 35,000,000 from the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there was 282,284,619 in investments held in the Trust Account and 285,307 of cash held outside the Trust Account. The funds in the Trust Account have, since our IPO, been invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing only in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, amended (the Investment Company Act ).On or around February 24, 2023, Aurora instructed Continental to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts). These funds will remain in the Trust Account, except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, if any, until the earlier of (1) the completion of a business combination (including the closing), (2) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend Aurora s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (as may be amended from time to time, the Cayman Constitutional Documents to modify the substance or timing of Aurora s obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if it does not complete a business combination by September 30, 2023 and (3) the redemption of all of the public shares if it does not complete a business combination by September 30, 2023 (or if such date is further extended at a duly called extraordinary general meeting, such later date), subject to applicable law. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Effecting Aurora s Initial Business Combination Better Transaction Summary As of December 31, 2022, we have selected a business combination target and have initiated substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with a business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us (the Proposed Business Combination ). On May 11, 2021, we announced that we had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 10, 2021, as amended on October 27, 2021, November 9, 2021, November 30, 2021, August 26, 2022 and February 24, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Aurora, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Aurora Merger Sub ), and Better HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation Better ), one of the fastest-growing digital homeownership platforms in the United States, that will transform Better into a publicly-listed company. This transaction reflects an implied equity value for Better of approximately 6.9 billion and a post-money equity value of approximately 7.7 billion. On February 24, 2023, Aurora held a combined annual and extraordinary general meeting pursuant to which Aurora s shareholders approved extending the date by which Aurora had to complete a business combination from March 8, 2022 to September 30, 2022 (the Extension ). In connection with the approval of the Extension, public shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 24,087,689 Class A ordinary shares and the Sponsor elected to redeem an aggregate of 1,663,760 Class A ordinary shares. As a result, an aggregate of 263,123,592 (or approximately 10.2178 per share) was released from the Trust Account to pay such shareholders and the Sponsor and 2,048,838 Class A ordinary shares were issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023. No later than one business day before the expected closing date of the Proposed Business Combination (the Closing Date ), Aurora will implement a Domestication by effecting a deregistration under Article 206 of the Cayman Islands Companies Act (as revised) and a domestication under Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, pursuant to which Aurora s jurisdiction of incorporation will be changed from the Cayman Islands to the State of Delaware. On the Closing Date, Better will merge with and into its parent, Aurora, with Aurora surviving and changing its corporate name from Aurora Acquisition Corp. to Better Home Finance Holding Company in connection with closing the Proposed Business Combination. Fair Market Value of Target Business The rules of Nasdaq require that Aurora s business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for the payment of taxes and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust). Aurora s board of directors determined that this test was met in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. Shareholder Approval of Proposed Business Combination Aurora will seek shareholder approval of the Proposed Business Combination at an extraordinary general meeting, at which shareholders may elect to redeem their shares, regardless of if or how they vote in respect of the business combination proposal, into their pro rata portion of the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us (net of taxes payable). Aurora will consummate the Proposed Business Combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and the condition precedent proposals (i.e., business combination proposal, the domestication proposal, the organizational documents proposals, the director election proposal, the stock issuance proposal, the incentive equity plan proposal, and the 2022 employee stock purchase plan ESPP proposal) are approved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such public shareholder or any other person with whom such public shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its public shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the public shares. Accordingly, if a public shareholder, alone or acting in concert or as a group, seeks to redeem more than 15 of the public shares, then any such shares in excess of that 15 limit would not be redeemed for cash. The Sponsor and Unbound HoldCo Ltd., each a major Aurora shareholder, have agreed to, among other things, vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 the Aurora Holder Support agreement, and waive their redemption rights in connection with the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination with respect to any ordinary shares held by them. The ordinary shares held by the Sponsor will be excluded from the pro rata calculation used to determine the per-share redemption price. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Sponsor, Unbound HoldCo Ltd and Aurora s independent directors and affiliates own 97.7 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have committed to vote their shares for the Proposed Business Combination as described in this paragraph. At any time at or prior to the Proposed Business Combination, during a period when they are not then aware of any material nonpublic information regarding us or Aurora s securities, the Sponsor, Better Home Finance Holding Company Better Home Finance or their respective directors, officers, advisors or respective affiliates may purchase public shares from institutional and other investors who vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against any of the condition precedent proposals, or execute agreements to purchase such shares from such investors in the future, or they may enter into transactions with such investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares or vote their public shares in favor of the condition precedent proposals. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of Aurora shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that the Sponsor, Better Home Finance or their respective directors, officers, advisors or respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholder would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such share purchases and other transactions would be to increase the likelihood of (1) satisfaction of the requirement that holders of a majority of the ordinary shares (or a majority of the Aurora Class B ordinary shares, as applicable), represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at the extraordinary general meeting, vote in favor of the business combination proposal, the director election proposal, the stock issuance proposal, the incentive equity plan proposal, the ESPP proposal and the adjournment proposal, (2) satisfaction of the requirement that holders of at least two-thirds of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at the extraordinary general meeting, vote in favor of the domestication proposal and the organizational documents proposals, (3) satisfaction of the minimum cash condition, (4) otherwise limiting the number of public shares electing to redeem and (5) Better Home Finance s net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a5 1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) being at least 5,000,001. Liquidation if No Business Combination If Aurora has not completed the Proposed Business Combination with Better by September 30, 2023 and has not completed another business combination by such date, in each case, as such date may be extended pursuant to Aurora s Cayman Constitutional Documents, Aurora will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding-up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the shares of Better Home Finance common stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest will be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of Aurora s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor has entered into a letter agreement with Aurora, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Aurora Class B ordinary shares if Aurora fails to complete its business combination within the required time period. However, if the Sponsor owns any public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if Aurora fails to complete a business combination within the allotted time period. The Sponsor and Aurora s directors and officers have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with Aurora, that they will not propose any amendment to the Cayman Constitutional Documents (A) to modify the substance or timing of Aurora s obligation to allow for redemption in connection with Aurora s initial business combination or to redeem 100 of its public shares if it does not complete its business combination by September 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless Aurora provides its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest will be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares. However, Aurora may not redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Aurora expects that all costs and expenses associated with implementing its plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts held outside the Trust Account, although it cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing Aurora s plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes, Aurora may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of Aurora s creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of Aurora public shareholders. Aurora cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. See the section entitled Risk Factors -Risks Relating to Consummation of a Business Combination Transaction -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share (which was the offering price per unit in our initial public offering) and other risk factors contained herein. While Aurora intends to pay such amounts, if any, Aurora cannot assure you that Aurora will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although Aurora will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than Aurora s independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which Aurora does business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of Aurora public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against Aurora s assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, Aurora s management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where Aurora may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where Aurora is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of Aurora s public shares, if Aurora has not completed an initial business combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with an initial business combination, Aurora will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than Aurora s independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which Aurora has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third-party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under Aurora s indemnity of the underwriters of Aurora s initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. Aurora has not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and Aurora believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of Aurora and, therefore, the Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of Aurora s other directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, Aurora s independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While Aurora currently expects that Aurora s independent directors would take legal action on Aurora s behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that Aurora s independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, Aurora cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.00 per share. See the section entitled Risk Factors -Risks Relating to Consummation of a 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Business Combination Transaction -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share (which was the offering price per unit in our initial public offering) and other risk factors contained herein. Aurora will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than Aurora s independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which Aurora does business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under Aurora s indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. If Aurora files a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in Aurora s insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of Aurora s shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the Trust Account, Aurora cannot assure you Aurora will be able to return 10.00 per share to Aurora public shareholders. Additionally, if Aurora files a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by Aurora s shareholders. Furthermore, Aurora s board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to Aurora s creditors or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Aurora cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Aurora public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) Aurora s completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Aurora Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Cayman Constitutional Documents (A) to modify the substance or timing of Aurora s obligation to allow redemption in connection with Aurora s initial business combination or to redeem 100 of the public shares if Aurora does not complete an initial business combination by September 30, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of the public shares if Aurora has not completed an initial business combination by September 30, 2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. Holders of Aurora warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Aurora warrants. See the section entitled Risk Factors -Risks Relating to Consummation of a Business Combination Transaction -If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Facilities Aurora currently maintains its executive offices at 20 North Audley Street, London W1K 6LX, United Kingdom. Aurora entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on March 3, 2021 through the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or Aurora s liquidation, Aurora will pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space and secretarial and administrative services. The Sponsor has not enforced this right and does not intend to do so. Aurora considers its current office space adequate for Aurora s current operations. Employees Aurora currently has three officers. Members of Aurora s management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to Aurora s matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to Aurora s affairs until Aurora has completed the Proposed Business Combination or any other initial business combination. The amount of time that any members of Aurora s management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for Aurora s business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Competition If Aurora succeeds in effecting the Proposed Business Combination, there will be, in all likelihood, significant competition from Better s competitors. Aurora cannot assure you that, subsequent to the Proposed Business Combination, Better will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Information regarding Better s competition is set forth in the sections entitled Information about Better Our Competitors in the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed on July 13, 2022. Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and an investor could lose all or part of its investment. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. Risks Relating to Consummation of a Business Combination Transaction Our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. The Sponsor and the major Aurora shareholders (consisting of Shravin Mittal who owns his shares through Unbound HoldCo Ltd. and is also a member of the board of directors of Aurora), have agreed to, among other things, vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and to waive their redemption rights in connection with the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination with respect to any ordinary shares held by them, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by the Aurora holder support agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021. The ordinary shares held by the Sponsor will be excluded from the pro rata calculation used to determine the per-share redemption price. The Sponsor and Shravin Mittal, who owns his shares through Unbound HoldCo Ltd., own 68.7 and 11.1 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares, respectively. Accordingly, pursuant to the Aurora holder support agreement, the agreement by our Sponsor and major Aurora shareholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that a public shareholder would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem its stock. The Merger Agreement requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, which increases the probability that the Proposed Business Combination would be unsuccessful. If the Proposed Business Combination is unsuccessful, a public shareholder would not receive its pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If a public shareholder is in need of immediate liquidity, such public shareholder could attempt to sell its shares in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, a public shareholder may suffer a material loss on its investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or such public shareholder is able to sell its shares in the open market. A significant number of public shares were redeemed in connection with the Extension. As a result, we may have insufficient cash to meet the Nasdaq listing requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient additional financing to satisfy these requirements or that such financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all. As a result of the significant number of redemptions of public shares in connection with the Extension, there is, at March 31, 2023, approximately 21,124,955 held in the Trust Account and we do not know how many public shareholders will ultimately exercise their redemption rights in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. If we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations and growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development and growth of 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 the target business. None of our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates is required to provide any financing to us after any initial business combination. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination, including Better in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economics and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, to the extent the Proposed Business Combination is unsuccessful, we may be unable to complete another business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate the Proposed Business Combination, or another business combination, may be dependent on our ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our Proposed Business Combination with Better may not be completed. Although we have entered into the Merger Agreement with Better and have been negotiating the Proposed Business Combination, there can be no assurance that the Proposed Business Combination with Better will be completed. In addition, in August 2022, Aurora and Better also agreed to amend the Merger Agreement to provide a waiver from the exclusivity provisions thereof to allow Better to discuss alternative financing structures with SB Northstar LP. Accordingly, although Aurora remains committed to completing the Proposed Business Combination, Aurora and Better are in discussions regarding alternative financing arrangements for Better pursuant to which the Merger Agreement and related transactions would be terminated and Better would remain a private company. If Better remains a private company because the Proposed Business Combination is not completed before September 30, 2023 or otherwise, and Aurora is not able to complete another business combination by September 30, 2023, as such date may be further extended pursuant to the Cayman Constitutional Documents, Aurora would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding-up and, as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Aurora public shares. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Each of Barclays Capital, Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. has resigned from its financial advisory role in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, and investors should not put any reliance on the fact that any such investment bank was involved with any aspect of the Proposed Business Combination. Although not formally retained by Better, Bank of America also has indicated it is resigning from any role it had. On June 22, 2022, Barclays Capital Inc. Barclays ), resigned from its role as financial advisor to the Company. On June 23, 2022, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citigroup resigned from its role as financial advisor to Better. Neither Barclays nor Citigroup provided a reason for its resignation and neither Aurora nor Better will speculate as to their motivations for resigning their respective roles. Neither Barclays nor Citigroup communicated to Aurora or Better, and neither Aurora nor Better are aware, that the resignations were the result of any dispute or disagreement with us or Better, including any disagreement relating to the disclosure in the registration statement, the scope of their respective engagements or their ability to complete such engagements, or any matter relating to Aurora s or Better s operations, prospects, policies, procedures or practices. The primary services rendered by Barclays in connection with the Proposed Business Combination included serving as financial advisor to our board of directors, PIPE placement agent and providing general advisory services in the context of proposed targets of Aurora, including but not limited to valuation advice. The primary services rendered by Citigroup in connection with the Proposed Business Combination included financial advice to Better s board of directors, review of investor materials, assistance in preparation of certain dilution analysis and assistance in preparation of the beneficial ownership data presented in the registration statement. In connection with such resignations, Barclays and Citigroup waived their entitlement to certain fees which would be owed upon completion of the Proposed Business Combination, which were comprised of approximately 8.5 million for Barclays as a deferred underwriting fee and financial advisory fee and 7.5 million for Citigroup, as a financial advisory fee. The waiver of these fees will result in additional cash of 16 million being available to Better Home Finance after the closing of the Proposed Business Combination. Aside from underwriting fees paid to Barclays in connection with our initial public offering, neither Barclays nor Citigroup has received any fees in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, notwithstanding that their services have been largely complete and, as such, their fee waiver could be characterized as gratuitous upon completion of the Proposed Business Combination. Each of Barclays and Citigroup claim no remaining role in the Proposed Business Combination and have disclaimed any responsibility for any portion of the proxy statement/prospectus filed by Aurora with the SEC, despite having previously rendered services in connection with the Proposed Business Combination and assistance in preparation of the proxy statement/prospectus, but have not withdrawn any advice or materials previously rendered. Furthermore, Aurora, Better and, following completion of the Proposed Business Combination, Better Home Finance will remain liable for the provisions of the engagement letters with Barclays and Citigroup that survive their resignation, including, for example, with respect to indemnity and contribution. In addition, on June 30, 2022, with effect from June 9, 2022, Bank of America resigned its purported role as financial advisor to Better, although Bank of America was not formally retained as its financial advisor pursuant to an engagement letter and did not render any material advice or conduct any significant work associated with the Proposed Business Combination at Better s instructions and accordingly has not had any meaningful involvement in the negotiation of the Proposed Business Combination or preparation of the registration statement. Bank of America did not provide a reason for its resignation and neither Aurora nor Better will speculate as to its motivations for resigning. Bank of America has not received any fees in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. It is the understanding of both Aurora and Better that the SEC has received similar resignation letters from investment banks in connection with other business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies. When a financial institution is named in a registration statement, it typically presumes a level of due diligence and independent analysis on the part of such financial institution ordinarily associated with a professional engagement. The withdrawal of Barclays and Citigroup and the purported resignation of Bank of America (although Bank of America is not otherwise named in the registration statement) indicates that they do not want to be associated with the disclosure or the underlying business analysis related to this transaction, and the resignation of these banks from other business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies indicates that they do not want to be associated with such disclosure or business analysis for any companies undergoing such transactions. Investors should not place any reliance upon the fact that any of Barclays, Bank of America or Citigroup previously were involved with the Proposed Business Combination. Because Barclays and Citigroup s financial advisory services on the Proposed Business Combination were complete, and Better believes that Bank of America never rendered any such financial advisory services on the Proposed Business Combination, Aurora and Better do not believe that these resignations will impact in any way the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 and neither Aurora nor Better expects to hire any other financial advisors in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. Aurora s board of directors has not revisited its financial analysis with respect to the Proposed Business Combination in light of Barclays resignation because Aurora already is committed to complete the transactions. Nonetheless, it is possible that Barclays , Bank of America s or Citigroup s resignation may adversely affect market perception of the Proposed Business Combination generally. If market perception of the Proposed Business Combination is negatively impacted, an increased number of Aurora shareholders may vote against the Proposed Business Combination or seek to redeem their shares for cash. We may not be able to complete an initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our Cayman Constitutional Documents provide that we must complete an initial business combination by September 30, 2023. The Proposed Business Combination may be unsuccessful and we may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete another initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed an initial business combination within such time period, or at such date as may be extended pursuant to Aurora s Cayman Constitutional Documents, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the shares of Better Home Finance common stock, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest will be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of Aurora s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share (which was the offering price per unit in our initial public offering) and other risk factors below. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have incurred and expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We lack the financial resources we need to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, if the Company is unable to raise additional capital or complete a business combination by September 30, 2023, the Company s liquidation date, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a business combination by the specified period. If a business combination is not consummated by September 30, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Considering the circumstance under the liquidity of the Company, there is no concern regarding liquidity but only the liquidation date. The liquidity date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our Sponsor is controlled by and has substantial ties to non-U.S. persons. As such, we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), or ultimately prohibited. Our Sponsor is controlled by and has substantial ties to non-U.S. persons, including persons with Icelandic, French, British, Indian, Belgian and Cypriot citizenship. Our Sponsor and/or the post-combination company may be considered a foreign person under the regulations administered by CFIUS. As such, our initial business combination with a U.S. business (including the Proposed Business Combination with Better) may be subject to CFIUS review. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing with CFIUS or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. In each case, CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar ties to non-U.S. persons. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we cannot complete an initial business combination within the timeframe described herein, because the review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our rights and warrants will expire and become worthless. This would also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment in us through any price appreciation in the combined company. Legal proceedings and governmental investigations in connection with a proposed business combination in the future, the outcomes of which are uncertain, could delay or prevent the completion of the business combination. In connection with a proposed business combination, it is not uncommon for lawsuits to be filed against companies involved and/or their respective directors and officers alleging, among other things, that the proxy statement/prospectus contains false and misleading statements and/or omits material information concerning the business combination. Aurora received demand letters from two putative shareholders of Aurora dated August 26, 2021 and September 14, 2021 (the Demands generally alleging that the registration statement on Form S-4 that Aurora filed with the SEC on August 3, 2021 omits material information with respect to Aurora s Proposed Business Combination with Better. The Demands seek the issuance of corrective disclosures in an amendment or supplement to the registration statement. It is possible that one or more additional legal actions may arise in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, or any other business combination, and defending such lawsuits could require us to incur significant costs and draw the attention of our management team away from a proposed business combination. In addition, in the second quarter of 2022, Aurora received a voluntary request for documents from the Division of Enforcement of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC indicating that it is conducting an investigation relating to Aurora and Better to determine if violations of the federal securities laws have occurred. The SEC has requested that Better and Aurora voluntarily provide the SEC with certain information and documents. Aurora is cooperating with the SEC. As the investigation is ongoing, Aurora is unable to predict how long it will continue or whether, at its conclusion, the SEC will bring an enforcement action against either Better or Aurora and, if it does, what remedies it may seek. Further, the defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time a proposed business combination is consummated may adversely affect the combined company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such legal proceedings could delay or prevent a proposed business combination from becoming effective within an agreed upon timeframe. The Sponsor, our directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. If we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Sponsor, our directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that the Sponsor, our directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the initial business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in the Merger Agreement with Better that requires us to have a minimum cash amount at the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares, which may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the initial vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. If we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if a public shareholder or a group of public shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, a public shareholder will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. As part of shareholder approval of our initial business combination, if we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such public shareholder or any other person with whom such public shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its public shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the public shares. Accordingly, if a public shareholder, alone or acting in concert or as a group, seeks to redeem more than 15 of the public shares, then any such shares in excess of that 15 limit would not be redeemed for cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares for or against our initial business combination. If the funds not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until September 30, 2023, we may be unable to complete an initial business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until September 30, 2023, assuming that an initial business combination is not completed during that time. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of the Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from the Sponsor, our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of the Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as we do not believe third 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share (which was the offering price per unit in our initial public offering). Aurora s placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against Aurora. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our business combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third-party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. The Sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of the Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board of directors may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, in February 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead now hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash. As a result, we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. As indicated above, the Company completed its IPO in March 2021 and has operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination since such time. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the special purpose acquisition vehicle SPAC Rule Proposals (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a business combination. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. The SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its IPO registration statement. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company if the SPAC Rule Proposals are adopted as proposed. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following such a transaction, and our warrants or rights would expire and become worthless. The funds in the Trust Account were, since our IPO until on or about February 24, 2023, held only in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) in connection with the extraordinary general meeting held to approve the Extension, we instructed Continental, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and now hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or our liquidation. Following such liquidation of the assets in the Trust Account, we have and will continue to receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the Trust Account had remained in U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds. Certain of the procedures that we, Better, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete an initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. The SPAC Rule Proposals relate, among other items, to disclosures in SEC filings in connection with business combination transactions between SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including the safe harbor from treatment as an investment company described above. The SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Certain of the procedures that we, Better, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and time of further negotiating and completing the Proposed Business Combination, and may make it more difficult to complete any business combination. Neither the Aurora board of directors nor any committee thereof obtained a third-party valuation in determining whether or not to pursue the Proposed Business Combination. Neither the Aurora board of directors nor any committee thereof is required to obtain an opinion that the price that we are paying for Better is fair to us from a financial point of view. Neither the Aurora board of directors nor any committee thereof obtained a third-party valuation in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. In analyzing the Proposed Business Combination, the Aurora board of directors and management conducted due diligence on Better. The Aurora board of directors reviewed comparisons of selected financial data of Better with its peers in the industry and the financial terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, and concluded that the Proposed Business Combination was in the best interest of Aurora s shareholders. Accordingly, investors will be relying solely on the judgment of the Aurora board of directors and management in valuing Better. The lack of a third-party valuation may also lead an increased number of shareholders to vote against the Proposed Business Combination, which could potentially impact our ability to consummate the Proposed Business Combination. If we have not completed an initial business combination by September 30, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait until after September 30, 2023 before redemption from the Trust Account. If we have not completed our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or if such date is further extended at a duly called extraordinary general meeting, such later date), we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (less up to 100,000 of the net interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest will be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding-up of our affairs. Any redemption of public shareholders from the Trust Account will be affected automatically by function of the Cayman Constitutional Documents prior to any voluntary winding-up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding-up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Cayman Islands Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond September 30, 2023 (or if such date is further extended at a duly called extraordinary general meeting, such later date), before the redemption proceeds of the Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from the Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our Cayman Constitutional Documents and only then in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their public shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our Cayman Constitutional Documents prior thereto. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 We have not registered the Aurora Class A ordinary shares and the Aurora Class B ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. We have not registered the Aurora Class A ordinary shares and the Aurora Class B ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty business days after the closing of an initial business combination, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Aurora Class A ordinary shares and the Aurora Class B ordinary shares, issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 30 business days after the closing of the Company s initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the 30th business day following the closing of the Company s initial business combination, holders of the warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning on the 31st business day after the closing of a business combination and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the SEC, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the Aurora Class A ordinary shares and the Aurora Class B ordinary shares, issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis, by exchanging the warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) or another exemption) However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from state registration is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Notwithstanding the above, if the Aurora Class A ordinary shares and the Aurora Class B ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Aurora Class A ordinary shares and the Aurora Class B ordinary shares included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If a warrant holder exercises its public warrants on a cashless basis, such holder will receive fewer Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares from such exercise than if such holder were to exercise such warrants for cash. There are circumstances in which the exercise of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 30th business day following the closing of the Company s initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Second, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the filing of such registration statement, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available; if that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Third, if we call the public warrants for redemption, under certain circumstances, warrant holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the initial public offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the ordinary shares into which are founder shares are convertible, the Private Placement Warrants , the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants held, or to be held, by them, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete an initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of the Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. The investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments required substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete an initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of the Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. We may issue additional securities or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we currently have no commitments to issue any debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. The incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue additional Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our Cayman Constitutional Documents authorize the issuance of up to The Cayman Constitutional Documents authorize 555,000,000 shares, consisting of 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 50,000,000 Aurora Class B ordinary shares and 5,000,000 preference shares. As of December 31, 2022, the total founder shares outstanding are 6,950,072 Class B ordinary shares. The founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares after our initial business combination only to the extent certain triggering events occur prior to the fifth an anniversary of our initial business combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of ordinary shares or preferred shares, including any forward purchase shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors; may s ubordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares. 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our Cayman Constitutional Documents do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete an initial business combination (including the Proposed Business Combination with Better) even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to the Sponsor, our officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of a proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all public shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our initial shareholders hold a substantial interest in us and will control the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that a public shareholder does not support. Our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that a public shareholder does not support, including amendments to our Cayman Constitutional Documents and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our public shares. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, our initial shareholders will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of the board of directors for any reason. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. As a result, a public shareholder will not have any influence over the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Risks Relating to Our Management Team We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join the Company following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of the post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of Better or any other target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, our officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of the post-combination business. Although we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of the post-combination business. Members of our management team and our board of directors and their respective affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Members of our management team and our board of directors have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and our board of directors and their respective affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such proceedings or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate an initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Any such opportunities may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, and our directors and officers may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, the Sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Nevertheless, our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. Risks Relating to Our Securities Public shareholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate an investment, therefore, a public shareholder may be forced to sell its public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i)the completion of a business combination (including the Closing), (2) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Cayman Constitutional Documents to modify the substance or timing of Aurora s obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if it does not complete a business combination by September 30, 2023 and (3) the redemption of all 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 of the public shares if Aurora is unable to complete a business combination by September 30, 2023 (or if such date is further extended at a duly called extraordinary general meeting, such later date), subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate its investment, an investor may be forced to sell its public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq. There can be no assurance that our securities will continue to be listed on the Nasdaq or other national securities exchange in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity and a minimum number of holders of our securities. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share. There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If the Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary share is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq or other national securities exchange, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of the warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without a holder s approval. Our warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions in the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants, curing or supplementing any defective provision or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the agreement and to provide for delivery of alternative issuance. All other modifications or 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 amendments, including any amendment to increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period requires the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants and solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, Novator Private Placement Warrants or working capital warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, Novator Private Placement Warrants or working capital warrants, at least 50 of the number of then outstanding Private Placement Warrants, Novator Private Placement Warrants or working capital warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrants are being accounted for as a warrant liability and are being recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Class A ordinary shares. As described in our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are accounting for our issued and outstanding warrants as a warrant liability and is recording that liability at fair value upon issuance and is recording any subsequent changes in fair value as of the end of each period for which earnings are reported. The impact of increases in fair value may have an adverse effect on earnings, our balance sheet and statement of operations or the market price of the Class A ordinary shares. Because each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable warrant. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless an investor purchases at least four units, such investor will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of an initial business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. General Risk Factors We are a blank-check company with no operating history and no revenues, and a public shareholder has no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and all of our activities to date have been related to our formation, our initial public offering and our search for a business combination target. Because we lack an operating 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. If we fail to complete an initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team, directors and advisors may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company or in the future performance of any business we may acquire. Past performance by our management team, directors and advisors, is not a guarantee (i) either of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that, should the Proposed Business Combination with Better be unsuccessful, we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. Investors should not rely on the historical performance of our management team, directors and advisors as indicative of the future performance of an investment in the Company or the returns the Company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. Our management team, directors and advisors have had limited past experience with blank check and special purpose acquisition companies and no experience working together. The absence of experience working together may be exacerbated by the challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner and we may be unable to maintain compliance with applicable stock exchange listing requirements, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The first material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relates to our accounting for complex financial instruments and unusual transactions, including in connection with the classification of the underwriters over-allotment option. The second material weakness identified in our internal control over financial reporting relates to reconciliations surrounding expenses paid by related parties and accounts payable. We have concluded that these material weaknesses arose because we did not have the business processes, personnel and related internal controls necessary to satisfy applicable accounting and financial reporting requirements. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements as of and for the fiscal year December 31, 2022, after consultation with our advisors, our management and our Audit Committee concluded that the previously issued financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 (collectively, the Affected Periods ), should be restated to, among other things, report the reconciliations surrounding expenses paid by related parties and accounts payable. As a result, on April 14, 2023, the Company restated its: (i) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, originally filed on March 25, 2022, on Form 10-K/A; and (ii) the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, originally filed on November 15, 2021, May 16, 2022, August 15, 2022 and November 14, 2022, respectively, on a Form 10-Q/A for each quarterly period. For a discussion of management s consideration of our disclosure controls and procedures, internal controls over financial reporting, and the material weaknesses identified, see Part II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures of this Form 10-K. Our ongoing material weaknesses, and any new material weaknesses or significant deficiencies we identify in the future, could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such cases, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses or significant deficiencies. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by our Cayman Constitutional Documents and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States. Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the Company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. The courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing of Aurora s initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common equity that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements and other disclosures with other public companies difficult or impossible. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. Aurora currently maintains its executive offices at 20 North Audley Street, London W1K 6LX, United Kingdom and our telephone number is +44 20 3931 9785. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Aurora received demand letters from two putative shareholders of Aurora dated August 26, 2021 and September 14, 2021 (the Demands generally alleging that the registration statement on Form S-4 that Aurora filed with the SEC on August 3, 2021 omits material information with respect to Aurora s Proposed Business Combination with Better. The Demands seek the issuance of corrective disclosures in an amendment or supplement to the registration statement. Aurora was also a co-defendant in a litigation commenced in July 2021 by Pine Brook Capital Partners II, L.P. Pine Brook ), a current investor in Better (also a named defendant), seeking, among other relief, declaratory judgment in relation to a side letter that was entered into as part of the Series C Preferred Stock issuance by Better in 2019. The dispute was whether Better, in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, would be entitled to trigger a side letter provision allowing Better to repurchase 1,875,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a total price of 1.00. Pine Brook disagreed with Better s interpretation of the side letter, and Pine Brook filed litigation seeking declaratory judgment that Better did not have the right to repurchase any of its shares in connection with the Merger Agreement and that the lock-up included in the letter of transmittal that holders of 1 or more of Better s capital stock were required to sign pursuant to the Merger Agreement is invalid and violates Delaware law. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 On November 1, 2021, Better and Pine Brook reached a settlement agreement pursuant to which (1) Better is entitled to repurchase, for 1.00, an amount of aggregate merger consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement) that Pine Brook receives in exchange for the common stock of Better into which 937,500 of Pine Brook s shares of Better s Series A Preferred Stock convert prior to the mergers; (2) Pine Brook agrees to be subject to much of the Better holder support agreement, except with respect to any lock-up obligation, (3) Better and Aurora agree to amend the Merger Agreement to waive or remove the lock up for holders of 1 or more of Better capital stock, (4) Mr. Newman, acting in his capacity as Pine Brook s appointed member of the Better board, immediately resigned from the Better board of directors, and (5) the parties granted customary releases, including in relation to any potential breaches of fiduciary duties. As of November 3, 2021, the Pine Brook litigation is fully resolved and the lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) Market Information 
 The Aurora units, Aurora Class A ordinary shares and Aurora warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols AURCU, AURC and AURCW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on March 4, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on May 3, 2021. (b) Holders 
 On March 31, 2023, there was one holder of record of Aurora s Class A ordinary shares, three holders of record of Aurora s Class B ordinary shares, one holder of record of Aurora units and two holders of Aurora warrants. (c) Dividends 
 Aurora has not paid any cash dividends on its Class A ordinary shares to date and does not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon the revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition of Better Home Finance subsequent to completion of the Proposed Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to the Proposed Business Combination will be within the discretion of Better Home Finance s board of directors. Aurora s board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring stock dividends nor is it currently expected that Better Home Finance s board of directors will declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, the ability of Better Home Finance to declare dividends may be limited by the terms of financing or other agreements entered into by Better Home Finance or its subsidiaries from time to time. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 None. (e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. (f) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. Item 6. [Reserved ] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the we, us, our, the Company or Aurora refer to Aurora prior to the consummation of the business combination. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, references to the Sponsor refer to Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd The following discussion and analysis of Aurora s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Aurora s consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements included in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Aurora s actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Please see the section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on October 7, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 businesses. In April 2021, we selected Better HoldCo, Inc. Better as a business combination target and initiated substantive discussions with Better with respect to an initial business combination with us. On May 11, 2021, we and Better, one of the fastest-growing digital homeownership platforms in the United States, announced that we have entered into the Merger Agreement that will transform Better, one of the fastest-growing digital homeownership platforms in the United States, into a publicly-listed company. This transaction reflects an implied equity value for Better of approximately 6.9 billion and a post-money equity value of approximately 7.7 billion. The issuance of additional shares in a business combination: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Aurora Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Aurora Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Aurora Class B ordinary shares. may subordinate the rights of holders of Aurora Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Aurora Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Aurora Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present executive officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Aurora units, Aurora Class A ordinary shares and/or Aurora public warrants. 
 Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Aurora Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Aurora Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes; and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination by September 30, 2023, we can seek a further extension provided we have shareholder approval. Recent Developments On January 9, 2023, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC stating that the Company failed to hold an annual meeting of shareholders within 12 months after its fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), we submitted a plan to regain compliance on February 17, 2023. We believe the combined annual and extraordinary general meeting we held on February 24, 2023 will satisfy this requirement under Nasdaq rules. On February 7, 2023, Aurora, Better and the Sponsor entered into a letter agreement, pursuant to which, subject to Better receiving requisite approval therefor (which Better has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to obtain), the parties agreed that, if the Proposed Business Combination has not been consummated by the maturity date of the bridge notes, the Sponsor will have the option, without limiting its rights under the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below) to alternatively exchange its bridge notes on or before the maturity date as follows: (x) for a number of shares of Better preferred stock at a conversion price that represents a 50 discount to the 6.9 billion pre-money equity valuation of Better or (y) for a number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a 75 discount to the 6.9 billion pre-money equity valuation of Better. On the same date, the Sponsor and Better agreed to defer the maturity date of the bridge notes until September 30, 2023. On February 8, 2023, we repaid an aggregate principal amount of 2.4 million under the unsecured promissory note (the Note issued to the Sponsor Payee on May 10, 2021. After giving effect to this repayment, the amount outstanding under the Note is approximately 412,395. On February 23, 2023, we, the Sponsor, certain individuals, each of whom is a member of our board of directors and/or management team (the Insiders ), and Better entered into a limited waiver (the Limited Waiver to the Amended and Restated Letter Agreement (the A R Letter Agreement ), dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among us, the Sponsor and the Insiders. In the A R Letter Agreement, the Sponsor and each Insider waived, with respect to any shares of Capital Stock (as defined in the A R Letter Agreement) held by it, him or her, if any, any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection with (i) a shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination (as defined in the A R Letter Agreement), or (ii) a shareholder vote to approve certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated articles of association (the Redemption Restriction ). Pursuant to the Limited Waiver, the Company and the Insiders agreed to waive the Redemption Restriction as it applies to the Sponsor to the limited extent required to allow the redemption of up to an aggregate of 17 million worth of Novator Private Placement Shares held by it in connection with the shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association held on February 24, 2023 As consideration for the Limited Waiver, the Sponsor agreed: (a) if the Proposed Business Combination is completed on or before September 30, 2023, to subscribe for and purchase common stock of Better Home Finance (the Better Common Stock ), for aggregate cash proceeds to Better equal to the actual aggregate amount of Novator Private Placement Shares redeemed by it in connection with the Limited Waiver (the Sponsor Redeemed Amount at a purchase price of 10.00 per share of Better Common Stock on the closing date of the Proposed Business Combination; or (b) if the Proposed Business Combination is not completed on or before September 30, 2023, to subscribe for and purchase for 35 million aggregate cash proceeds to Better, at the Sponsor s election, (x) a number of newly issued shares of Better s Company Series D Equivalent Preferred Stock (as defined in the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below)) at a price per share that represents a 50 discount to the Pre-Money Valuation (as defined below) or (y) for a number of shares of Better s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a 75 discount to the Pre-Money Valuation. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Pre-Money Valuation means the 6.9 billion pre-money equity valuation of Better based on the aggregate amount of fully diluted shares of Better s common stock on an as-converted basis. As further consideration for the Limited Waiver, the Sponsor agreed to reimburse the Company for reasonable and documented expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, up to the Sponsor Redeemed Amount, to the extent such expenses are not otherwise subject to reimbursement by Better pursuant to the Merger Agreement. On February 24, 2023, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 5 to the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the Agreement End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. We held a combined annual and extraordinary general meeting on February 24, 2023, and extended the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. As part of the meeting, public shareholders redeemed 24,087,689 ordinary shares and the Sponsor redeemed 1,663,760 ordinary shares for an aggregate cash balance of approximately 263,123,592. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events Aurora s entire activity since inception through December 31, 2022 related to Aurora s formation, the preparation for the initial public offering and, since the closing of the initial public offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination that culminated in signing the Merger Agreement with Better on May 11, 2021. Aurora has neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Aurora will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of its business combination. Aurora will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. Aurora expects to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net income (loss) of 8,735,542 and 6,527,175), respectively, which consisted of a 12,868,205 and 1,576,196 gain (loss), respectively, from changes in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, 0 and 296,905 gain (loss), respectively, from changes in the fair value of over-allotment option liabilities, 182,658 and 0, gain respectively, on the deferred underwriting fee, offering costs allocated to warrant liabilities of 0 and 299,523, respectively, and 8,577,543 and 8,120,280, respectively, in general and administrative costs. Aurora classifies the warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering and the sale of the Novator Private Placement Units and the Private Placement Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrant instruments to fair value at each reporting period. These liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in fair value of warrants was a decrease of 12,868,205 and 1,576,196, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, Aurora had working capital deficiency of 14,605,202. The net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in the initial public offering, after deducting offering expenses of 581,484 and underwriting commissions of 4,860,057 based on the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of 8,505,100), (ii) the sale of the Private Placement Warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 which accounts for the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option and (iii) the Novator Private Placement Units, equaled 278,002,870, which is held in the Trust Account and includes the deferred underwriting commissions described above. The proceeds held in the Trust Account were, since our IPO until February 24, 2023 held only in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. On or around February 24, 2023, Aurora instructed Continental to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts). 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Aurora intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete its initial business combination. Aurora may withdraw interest to pay its income taxes, if any. Aurora s annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. Aurora expects the interest earned on the amount in the Trust Account will be sufficient to pay its income taxes. To the extent that Aurora s equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete its initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used to repay such debt, as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue Aurora s growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, Aurora had 285,307 of cash held outside the Trust Account. The use of these funds is to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, prepare and make required securities filings, listing application and pay legal and professional fees. Aurora may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to its initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination or to fund certain other expenses (including officer expenses to the extent in excess of Aurora s estimates and expenses relating to payments due to one of Aurora s officers), Aurora s Sponsor or its affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan Aurora funds as may be required. If Aurora completes its initial business combination, Aurora would repay such loaned amounts. Should Aurora s operating costs, in relation to its proposed business combination, exceed the amounts still available and not currently drawn under the Note, the Sponsor shall increase the amount available under the Note to cover such costs, subject to an aggregate cap of 12,000,000. This amount would be reflective of estimated total costs of Aurora through November 15, 2023 in relation to the business combination, in the event the business combination is unsuccessful. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by Aurora to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provision of the Note. In the event that the Proposed Business Combination does not close, Aurora may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from Aurora s Trust Account would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of Aurora s initial business combination, Aurora does not expect to seek loans from parties other than its Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as Aurora does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in Aurora s Trust Account. On August 26, 2022, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Merger Agreement whereby Better has also agreed to reimburse Aurora for reasonable transaction expenses as defined in the Merger Agreement, an aggregate amount not to exceed 15,000,000, structured in three tranches. Within five business days of the execution of Amendment No.4 to the Merger Agreement, Better paid Aurora the first tranche of 7,500,000 and, on February 6, 2023, Better paid Aurora the second tranche of 3,750,000, each as part of Better s agreement to reimburse Aurora for transaction expenses as defined in the Merger Agreement. The third payment of up to 3,750,000 shall be paid on April 1, 2023. On February 24, 2023, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 5 to the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the Agreement End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. In addition, pursuant to the Limited Waiver, the Sponsor has agreed to reimburse the Company for reasonable and documented expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, up to the Sponsor Redeemed Amount, to the extent such expenses are not otherwise subject to reimbursement by Better pursuant to the Merger Agreement. We initially expected our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately 300,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting a successful business combinations; 100,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; 250,000 for consulting, travel and miscellaneous expenses incurred during the search for an initial business combination target; 75,000 for Nasdaq continued listing fees; and 35,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 These amounts were estimates and have differed materially from our actual expenses. In addition, Aurora could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, among other things. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our Trust Account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Going Concern In connection with the Company s going concern considerations in accordance with guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , the Company has until September 30, 2023 to consummate a business combination. The Company s mandatory liquidation date, if a business combination is not consummated, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These audited financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1, in the event of a mandatory liquidation, within ten business days, the Company will redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the allocated amount towards the Public Shares (in this case, not including the existing Novator Private Placement Shares) then on deposit in the Trust Account including the allocated interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we have relied on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, we, as an emerging growth company , have elected to utilize certain exceptions, so that we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the report of the independent registered public accounting firm providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies; Recent Accounting Pronouncements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Aurora has identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption Aurora accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within Aurora s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Aurora s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of Aurora s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of Aurora s balance sheet. The Sponsor and Aurora s directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, Novator Private Placement Shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. Net Loss Per Ordinary Share Aurora complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of ordinary shares outstanding during the period excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. An aggregate of 24,300,287 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption on December 31, 2022 have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per ordinary share, since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust earnings. Aurora has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in Aurora s initial public offering (including the consummation of the over-allotment units) and private placement to purchase an aggregate of 11,523,444 ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary share for the period presented. The Company s statement of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per ordinary share. According to SEC guidance, ordinary shares that are redeemable based on a specified formula is considered to be redeemable at fair value if the formula is designed to equal or reasonably approximate fair value. When deemed to be redeemable at fair value, the weighted average redeemable shares would be included with the non-redeemable shares in the denominator of the calculation and initially calculated as if they were a single class of ordinary shares. Derivative Warrant Liabilities The 6,075,072 Aurora public warrants and the 5,448,372 Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. The fair value of the Aurora public warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering was initially measured at fair value using a combination of Monte Carlo and Binomial Lattice models. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering was initially measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model and subsequently, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants has been estimated using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model each measurement date. The fair value of Aurora public warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering has subsequently been measured based on the listed market price of such Aurora public warrants. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on Aurora s financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-24 comprising a portion of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective, due to the material weaknesess in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s: (i) accounting for complex financial instruments and unusual transactions, including the accounting of the underwriters over-allotment option; and (ii) reconciliations surrounding the expenses paid by related parties and accounts payable. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Management has identified material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments and unusual transactions, including the accounting of the underwriters over-allotment option, and reconciliations surrounding expenses paid by related parties and accounts payable. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements and transactions, and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, management has expanded and will to continue to enhance our system of identifying transactions and evaluating and implementing the accounting standards that apply to our financial statements, including through enhanced analyses by our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications and unusual transactions. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to: (i) the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments and unusual transactions, including the accounting of the underwriters over-allotment option; and (ii) reconciliations surrounding the expenses paid by related parties and accounts payable. Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. These material weaknesses resulted in the restatement of our previously issued financial reports for the Affected Periods contained in the Form 10-K/A for the period ended 31 December, 2021, and the Form 10-Q/As for the periods ended September 30, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, each filed with the SEC on April 14, 2023 Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In light of the restatements for the correction of errors included in the restated financial statements for the Affected Periods, as described above, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Speficially, our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. In addition, the Company will implement sufficient and effective reconciliation procedures surrounding the expenses paid by related parties and accounts payable. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than changes that have resulted from the material weakness remediation activities noted above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. None. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Arnaud Massenet 57 Chief Executive Officer Prabhu Narasimhan 42 Chief Investment Officer Caroline Harding 42 Chief Financial Officer and Director Thor Bj rg lfsson 55 Chairman Shravin Mittal 35 Director Sangeeta Desai 47 Director Michael Edelstein 55 Director Arnaud Massenet Arnaud Massenet has served as Chief Executive Officer since Aurora s inception. Mr. Massenet holds a Bachelor of Arts from the Lincoln International School of Business in Paris, France and a Master of Business Administration from the University of North Carolina. Mr. Massenet started his career in 1994 in banking at Morgan Stanley Co. He became the Head of Morgan Stanley s derivatives group in London, United Kingdom, in 1998. In 2003, Mr. Massenet started Lehman Brothers Inc. s corporate derivatives group (Capital Market) before exiting in 2007 to start South West Capital, a hedge fund focused on real asset investments. Mr. Massenet co-founded Net-a-Porter in 1999, largely financed by himself and Richemont Group. He was an active board member for more than 10 years, involved in all important strategic decisions including creation of the Outnet.com, Mr. Porter and Porter Magazine, finally culminating in a 2-step sale in 2010 and 2015 to the Richemont Group. Mr. Massenet is currently chairman of Grip, a subsidiary of Intros.at Ltd., an artificial intelligence company specialized in organizing virtual conferences for corporate and virtual meetings. He founded Grip in 2015 with two of the largest tech conference organizers; Reed Elsevier plc, and Founders Forum LLP. Mr. Massenet also backed many successful tech companies, including Deliveroo, Care Wish Ltd., Houzz Ltd., Urban Massage Ltd., Highsnobiety Inc., Invincible Ltd., and NGM Ltd., Ozon Ltd., and serves on the board of directors of Ahalife Holdings Inc., a large interior design platform based in New York, New York. Prabhu Narasimhan Prabhu Narasimhan has been our chief investment officer since our Company s inception. Mr. Narasimhan has over 15 years of experience as a lawyer at three leading international law firms, two as partner (Mayer Brown, White Case and Baker McKenzie). During his time at White Case, Mr. Narasimhan held the position of partner and Global Head of Family Offices, advising high net worth family offices on all transactional aspects (mergers and acquisitions, bank finance, tax, structuring and execution) of their investments. Mr. Narasimhan then moved to Baker McKenzie to found their London headquartered Alternative Capital practice, acting as a senior strategic advisor to multi-billion dollar family offices and private equity funds on multibillion dollar mergers and acquisitions and equity and debt capital markets transactions worldwide. His re-structuring of ATP Media Operations Ltd. s, or ATP Media, tennis broadcasting rights and his crafting of fiscal stimulus laws in Europe have been widely recognized and commended, particularly by the FT Innovative Lawyers awards. Mr. Bj rg lfsson and Mr. Narasimhan have worked with each other since they met in 2014. Their shared interests and collaborative relationship, with Mr. Narasimhan serving as Mr. Bj rg lfsson s trusted legal advisor, led them to explore the creation of a dynamic multi-asset investment firm with a developed markets focus, investing in both public and private financial instruments, in addition to selectively undertaking pre-initial public offering private equity investments, most particularly in media and technology. Mr. Narasimhan, together with Mr. Bj rg lfsson and Mr. Chiehmi Chan, co-founded in 2020 Novator Capital, an affiliate of our Sponsor. Additionally, in 2020, Mr. Narasimhan was appointed to the board of directors as a director of the media company, Prime Focus World, N.V. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Caroline Harding Caroline Harding has been Aurora s chief financial officer since Aurora s inception and serves on our board of directors. Ms. Harding qualified as a chartered accountant with Ernst Young LLP in 2007. Prior to relocating to the Cayman Islands in 2020, Ms. Harding was the chief financial officer for Weybourne Ltd., Sir James Dyson s family office, where she was a member of a team that oversaw a multi-billion pound portfolio which included the James Dyson Group. During this time, Ms. Harding served as a director of eleven Weybourne Group-related entities, which included the overall holding company responsible for strategy and investments. Ms. Harding was the senior accounting officer for Weybourne Group and the compliance and anti-money laundering officer for its Financial Conduct Authority regulated subsidiary. For the nine years prior to Weybourne, Ms. Harding served as the chief financial officer and director of Exploration Capital Ltd., a family office, for five of her nine years with the company. Exploration Capital manages a diversified global investment portfolio with a particular focus on agricultural and development land in Latin America. Ms. Harding was simultaneously chief financial officer of one of the portfolio companies, a high performance engineering business, Gilo Industries Group Ltd., and successfully re-structured the accounting and reporting systems of this business. Thor Bj rg lfsson Thor Bj rg lfsson has served as the Chairman of our board of directors since our Company s inception. Mr. Bj rg lfsson graduated from New York University s Stern School of Business with a degree in finance. He is Iceland s first billionaire. Mr. Bj rg lfsson experienced his first significant liquidity event with Bravo Brewery International Ltd., or Bravo Brewery, in St Petersburg, Russia, selling it to Heineken N.V., or Heineken, in 2002. Over the ensuing years he invested in telecommunications, mostly in Eastern Europe and built up generic drugs company Actavis plc, or Actavis (now Allergan plc, or Allergan). Mr. Bj rg lfsson continues to be an active investor in the emerging economies of Central and Eastern Europe and Latin America through his London-based private equity firm, Novator. He is chairman of Novator and maintains a shareholding in companies including WOM in Chile, data center Verne Global Ltd., or Verne Global, and pharmaceutical company Xantis Pharma AG, or Xantis Pharma. Shravin Mittal Shravin Mittal has been a director of Aurora since March 3, 2021. Mr. Mittal is the founder of Unbound and managing director of Bharti Global, the family office of the Bharti family. Unbound is a globally focused long term technology investment arm that aims to build and back technology companies. The firm invests globally across both developed and emerging markets and is focused on building and backing the next generation of 100-year companies. Unbound has made 17 investments, including investments in Databricks, Snowflake Inc., Asana Inc., mPharma, Iberia Cars24 Ltd., Forto Group Ltd., Syfe Pte. Ltd., and Paack SPV Investments. S.L. Bharti Global has numerous investments in telecommunications, technology, energy and hospitality. Previously, Mr. Mittal was an investor at SoftBank Vision Fund (2016-2017). Prior to that, Mr. Mittal was an assistant director at Better Capital (2014-2015), a Private Equity firm in London. Between 2010 and 2012, Mr. Mittal was the managing director at Bharti Airtel Ltd., in Africa and India. Prior to that, he worked with JPMorgan Chase Co. in Investment Banking covering media and technology. Mr. Mittal has a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School, Class of 2014, and founded Airtel Rising Star Academy (a youth football initiative in Africa and India). Sangeeta Desai Sangeeta Desai has been a director of Aurora since March 3, 2021. Ms. Desai is an experienced investor and C-level executive, and currently serves on a number of listed and private boards globally. Ms. Desai brings a unique combination of strategic, operating and financial experience, having spent her early career in investment banking and private equity before taking on leadership roles in global media businesses. She is currently the chairman of Mopar Media Group AB (2020 to present) and is a non-executive director on the boards of Orbit Showtime Network (2020 to present) and Ocean Outdoor Ltd. (2018 to present). During 2021, Ms. Desai was appointed to the board of directors of Boat Rocker Media Inc. Her most recent executive experience was as group chief operating officer and chief executive officer of Emerging Markets at FremantleMedia (2013 to 2018), and prior to that as chief operating officer of Hit Entertainment (2009 to 2012). Prior to joining HIT, Ms. Desai was a Principal at Apax Partners (2005 to 2009), where she invested in the media industry globally, and she started her career as an investment banker at The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (2004 to 2005) and JP Morgan (1998 to 2001). She holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the Haas School of Business, University of California at Berkeley, and a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Michael Edelstein Michael Edelstein has been a director of Aurora since March 3, 2021. Mr. Edelstein is a creative business leader, investor and producer who has a track record of developing award-winning content in a variety of high- profile executive roles. Mr. Edelstein has demonstrated a breadth of skill in developing clear business strategies and financial management as well as being equally adept at communicating with writers, directors and producers in order to create global quality content. From 1998 to 2002, he was the director of current programs at CBS Corporation. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Edelstein was the executive producer of the show Desperate Housewives. From 2010 to 2017, he was the president of NBCUniversal International where he built the division into one of the most respected content players in the international marketplace. He is highly experienced in international television markets. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Aurora s board of directors consists of five members. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of Aurora s founder shares have the right to appoint all of our directors and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of Aurora s public shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our Cayman Constitutional Documents may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. Each of Aurora s directors holds office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on Aurora s board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of Aurora s board of directors or by a majority of the holders of Aurora s ordinary shares (or, prior to Aurora s initial business combination, holders of Aurora s founder shares). Aurora s officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Aurora s board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in the Cayman Constitutional Documents, as it deems appropriate. The Cayman Constitutional Documents provide that Aurora s officers may consist of a Chairperson, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and certain limited exceptions, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Audit Committee Ms. Desai, Mr. Mittal and Mr. Edelstein serve as the members of the audit committee, and Ms. Desai is chair of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Ms. Desai, Mr. Mittal and Mr. Edelstein meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Desai qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the firm has with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable law and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee Ms. Desai, Mr. Mittal and Mr. Edelstein serve as the members of the compensation committee, and Ms. Desai is chair of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. All members of our compensation committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor and our underwriters. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in the Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment of customary fees we may elect to make to members of our board of directors for director service and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind (except as related to Ms. Harding discussed immediately below), including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, executive officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. Item 11. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis None of Aurora s directors or executive officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to Aurora except for Caroline Harding, our Chief Financial Officer. Aurora remunerates Ms. Harding, Aurora s chief financial officer, for professional services rendered to Aurora in her role as chief financial officer at the rate of 10,000 per month and for her service on our board of directors at the rate of 15,000 per year, with an additional hourly fee at 500 per hour for services undertaken by Ms. Harding over and above those set out within the agreement with Aurora. Additionally, Ms. Harding received a 50,000 payment on March 21, 2021 in contemplation of her services to Aurora and will receive a 75,000 payment on the earlier of March 21, 2023 or the date in which Aurora is liquidated. Ms. Harding is also engaged by Aurora as sole director of Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc. a Delaware corporation of which Aurora is sole shareholder Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the terms of this engagement for Merger Sub, Ms. Harding is remunerated an annual fee of 50,000.00 with an additional hourly fee of 500 per hour for services undertaken by Ms. Harding over and above those set out within the agreement with Merger Sub and Aurora. The Sponsor, directors and executive officers or any of their respective affiliates are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Aurora s audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by Aurora to the Sponsor, directors, executive officers or Aurora or any of their respective affiliates. Aurora is not party to any agreements with its directors or officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence Aurora s management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and Aurora does not believe that the ability of its management to remain with it after the consummation of its business combination should be a determining factor in its decision to proceed with any business combination. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 8,998,910 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 2,048,838 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 6,950,072 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 for the election of directors of the board, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Ordinary Shares (2) Class B Ordinary Shares Approximate Number of Number of Percentage Shares Approximate Shares Approximate of Outstanding Beneficially Percentage Beneficially Percentage Ordinary Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Owned of Class Owned of Class Shares 5 Holders Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd.(3)(4) 636,240 31.1 5,542,259 80 68.7 Directors and Executive Officers(1) Arnaud Massenet (3) 150,000 7.3 1.7 Caroline Harding 2,500 Prabhu Narasimhan (3) 50,000 Thor Bj rg lfsson (4) 636,240 31.1 5,542,259 80.0 68.7 Shravin Mittal (5) 1,000,000 48.8 1,159,375 16.7 24.0 Sangeeta Desai 124,219 1.8 1.4 Michael Edelstein 124,219 1.8 1.4 All Aurora directors and executive officers, as a group (7 total) 1,838,740 89.8 6,950,072 100 97.7 

 less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of those listed in the table above pre-Proposed Business Combination is 20 North Audley Street, London W1K 6LX, United Kingdom and post-Proposed Business Combination will be 3 World Trade Center, 175 Greenwich Street, 59th Floor, New York, NY 10007. (2) Holders of record of Aurora Class A ordinary shares and Aurora Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by Aurora shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that holders of Aurora Class B ordinary shares have the right to elect all of Aurora s directors prior to the Closing, and holders of Aurora s Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. (3) Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. is the record holder of the Aurora Class A ordinary shares reported in this row. Arnaud Massenet and Prabhu Narasimhan may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. by virtue of their shared control over Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. (4) Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. is the record holder of the Aurora Class B ordinary shares reported in this row. Thor Bj rg lfsson may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. by virtue of his control over Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. Novator Capital Sponsor Limited is wholly owned by BB Trustees SA, as trustee of the irrevocable discretionary trust known as The Future Holdings Trust for which BB Trustees SA acts as trustee; the directors of such trust are Nicolas Killen, Jan Rottiers and Arnaud Cywies. Mr. Bj rg lfsson disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. (5) Unbound Holdco Ltd. is the record holder of the Aurora ordinary shares reported in this row. Shravin Mittal may be deemed to beneficially own securities held by Unbound Holdco Ltd. by virtue of his control over Unbound Holdco Ltd. The business address of Unbound Holdco Ltd. is 11-15 Seaton Place, St Helier, Jersey JE4 0QH. 
 The Sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Aurora Acquisition Corp. The following is a description of certain relationships and transactions that exist or have existed or that Aurora has entered into with its directors, executive officers, or shareholders who are known to Aurora to beneficially own more than five percent of its voting securities and their respective affiliates and immediate family members, other than previously disclosed in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Executive Compensation . Founder Shares On December 9, 2020, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering and formation costs of Aurora in consideration for 5,750,000 shares of Aurora Class B ordinary shares. During February 2021, Aurora effectuated a share dividend of 1,006,250 Aurora Class B ordinary shares and subsequently cancelled 131,250 Aurora Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,625,000 founder shares issued and outstanding. In March 2021, Aurora effectuated a share dividend of 575,000 shares resulting in 7,200,000 founder shares issued and outstanding. On May 10, 2021, as a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, a total of 249,928 founder shares were irrevocably surrendered for cancellation and no consideration, so that the number of Founder Shares collectively represented 20 of Aurora s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the initial public offering and private placement. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividend and related cancellation. The Sponsor agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Aurora Class B ordinary shares (or private placement shares) until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a business combination; and (B) subsequent to a business combination, (x) if the closing price of the Aurora Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a business combination, or (y) the date on which Aurora completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of Aurora s shareholders having the right to exchange their Aurora Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, the Sponsor and certain of Aurora s directors and officers purchased an aggregate of 4,266,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,400,000, from Aurora. On March 10, 2021, the Sponsor and certain of Aurora s directors and officers purchased 306,705 Private Placement Warrants for an additional aggregate purchase price of 460,057 in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Aurora Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the initial public offering held in the Trust Account. If Aurora does not complete a business combination by September 30, 2023, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Aurora public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Sponsor and certain of Aurora s directors and officers also purchased 3,500,000 Aurora private units at a price of 10.00 per Aurora private unit for an aggregate purchase price of 35,000,000. Each Aurora private unit consists of one Aurora private share 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 and one-quarter of one Private Placement Warrant. Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Aurora Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Sponsor and Aurora s directors that purchased these Aurora private units have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Aurora private share in connection with the completion of the business combination. Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into on March 3, 2021, the Sponsor and Aurora s directors and executive officers have rights to require Aurora to register any of its securities held by them for resale under the Securities Act. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that Aurora register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, the holders of the Aurora Class B ordinary shares, Private Placement Warrants, Aurora private shares, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Aurora Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, Aurora private shares, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Aurora Class B ordinary shares) will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a business combination and rights to require Aurora to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Aurora will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Professional Services and Director Compensation The Company remunerates Caroline Harding for professional services rendered to our Company in her role as chief financial officer at the rate of 10,000 per month, and for her service on our board of directors at the rate of 15,000 per year plus an incremental hourly fee in certain circumstances of 500. Additionally, Ms. Harding received a 50,000 payment on March 21, 2021 in contemplation of her services to Aurora and will receive a 75,000 payment on the earlier of March 21, 2023 or the date on which Aurora is liquidated. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 87,875 and 100,000 was accrued and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 222,875 and 390,000 was expensed for these services. If we do not have sufficient funds to make the payments due to Ms. Harding as set forth herein professional services provided by her, we may borrow funds from our sponsor or an affiliate of the initial shareholders or certain of our directors and officers to enable us to make such payments. On October 15, 2021, Merger Sub entered into a Director s Services Agreement (the DSA by and among Merger Sub, Caroline Jane Harding (the Director ), and the Company, effective as of May 10, 2021. On October 29, 2021, the DSA was amended, and the amended DSA was ratified by the Compensation Committee on November 3, 2021. Under the terms of the DSA, the Director is to provide services to Merger Sub, which include acting as a non-executive director and president and secretary of Merger Sub. The Director will receive 50,000 in annual payments (and in certain circumstances an incremental hourly fee of 500). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 50,000 of expense related to the amended DSA. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no unpaid amounts related to the amended DSA. Merger Agreement On August 26, 2022, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No.4 to the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the Agreement End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from September 30, 2022 to March 8, 2023. In consideration of extending the Agreement End Date, Better will reimburse Aurora for certain reasonable and documented expenses in an aggregate sum not to exceed 15,000,000. The reimbursement payments are structured in three tranches. The first payment of 7,500,000 was made within 5 business days after the execution of Amendment No. 4, the second payment of 3,750,000 was made on February 6, 2023 and the third payment of up to 3,750,000 will be paid on April 1, 2023. Aurora, Merger Sub and Better also agreed to amend the Merger Agreement to provide a waiver from the exclusivity provisions thereof to allow Better to discuss alternative financing structures with SB Northstar LP. On February 24, 2023, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 5 to the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the Agreement End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. On February 7, 2023, Aurora, Better and the Sponsor entered into a letter agreement through which, among other things, Better agreed to partially reimburse Aurora for certain expenses in connection with regulatory matters arising out of or relating to the 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement on or after February 7, 2023 and that the final payment of the Acquiror Interim Expenses (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall be paid on April 1, 2023. Related Party Note and Advances On May 10, 2021, Aurora issued the Note to the Payee, pursuant to which Aurora could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 2,000,000. The Note was non-interest bearing and payable by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by Aurora to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provision of the Note. This Note amended and restated in its entirety that certain promissory note dated as of December 9, 2020 (the Prior Note issued by Aurora to the Payee in the principal amount of 300,000. On February 23, 2022 this note was again amended and restated pursuant to which Aurora could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 4,000,000. If Aurora s operating costs, in relation to its proposed business combination, exceed the amounts still available and not currently drawn under the Note, the Sponsor will increase the amount available under the Note to cover such costs, subject to an aggregate principal amount cap of 12,000,000. This amount was reflective of estimated total costs of the Company through November 15, 2023 in relation to the business combination, in the event the business combination is unsuccessful. Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 4 whereby Better has also agreed to reimburse Aurora for reasonable transaction expenses as defined in the Merger Agreement, an aggregate amount not to exceed 15,000,000. In the event that Aurora does not consummate a business combination by September 30, 2023, the Company can seek a further extension (with no limit to such extension) provided the Company has shareholder approval. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount outstanding under the Note was 2,812,395 and 1,412,295. On February 8, 2023, Aurora repaid an aggregate principal amount of 2.4 million under the Note. After giving effect to this repayment, the amount outstanding under the Note is approximately 412,395 Prior to Aurora s initial business combination, Aurora s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on Aurora s behalf, although no such reimbursements will be made from the proceeds of Aurora s initial public offering held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of Aurora s initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination or to fund certain other expenses (including officer expenses to the extent in excess of our estimates and expenses relating to payments due to one of our officers), the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of Aurora s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan Aurora funds as may be required. In the event that Aurora s initial business combination does not close, Aurora may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1.5 million of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor. Aurora does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as Aurora does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Trust Account. Pre-Closing Bridge Notes On November 2, 2021, Aurora entered into a convertible bridge note purchase agreement (the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement ), dated as of November 30, 2021, with Better, SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor (SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor, together, the Purchasers ). Under the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement, Better issued 750,000,000 of bridge notes that convert to shares of Class A common stock of Aurora (post-Proposed Business Combination and domestication) in connection with the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, with SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor, as Purchasers, purchasing 650 million and 100 million, respectively, of such bridge notes. The Bridge Note Purchase Agreement will result in the issuance of either Better Class A common stock, a new series of preferred stock of Better (as described below), or Better common stock (together, the Bridge Conversion Shares , as applicable) as follows: (i) upon closing of the Proposed Business Combination, the bridge notes will convert into shares of Better Class A common stock at a conversion rate of one share per 10 of consideration; (ii) if the closing of the Proposed Business Combination does not occur by the September 30, 2023, or in the event of a Corporate Transaction or Merger Withdrawal (each as defined in the Bridge Note 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Purchase Agreement) prior to September 30, 2023 or prior to the time when a bridge note may otherwise be converted pursuant to the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement, the bridge notes will convert into a new series of preferred stock of Better, which series will be identical to Better s Series D Preferred Stock, provided that the ratchet adjustment provisions relating to Better s Series D Preferred Stock will not apply, and such series will vote together with Better s Series D Preferred Stock as a single class on all matters; or (iii) in the event of a termination of the Merger Agreement (a) by Better, arising out of or resulting from breaches on the part of Aurora or the Sponsor, (b) by Better, arising out of or resulting from breaches on the part of Aurora or any Subscriber in connection with any Subscription Agreement or (c) arising out of or resulting from breaches on the part of Aurora, SB Northstar LP or the Sponsor in connection with the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement or any ancillary agreement, the bridge notes will convert into shares of Better common stock. On August 26, 2022, Aurora, Better and Novator entered into a letter agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the bridge notes held by the Sponsor to March 8, 2023, subject to SB Northstar LP consenting to extending the maturity of its bridge notes accordingly. On February 7, 2023, Aurora, Better and the Sponsor entered into a further letter agreement, pursuant to which, subject to Better receiving requisite approval therefor (which Better has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to obtain), the parties agreed that, if the Proposed Business Combination has not been consummated by the maturity date of the bridge notes, the Sponsor will have the option, without limiting its rights under the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement to alternatively exchange its bridge notes on or before the maturity date as follows: (x) for a number of shares of Better preferred stock at a conversion price that represents a 50 discount to the 6.9 billion pre-money equity valuation of Better or (y) for a number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a 75 discount to the 6.9 billion pre-money equity valuation of Better. On the same date, the Sponsor and Better agreed to defer the maturity date of the bridge notes until September 30, 2023. Limited Waiver On February 23, 2023, we, the Sponsor, the Insiders and Better entered into the Limited Waiver to the Amended and Restated Letter Agreement. Pursuant to the Limited Waiver, the Company and the Insiders agreed to waive the Redemption Restriction as it applies to the Sponsor to the limited extent required to allow the redemption of up to an aggregate of 17 million worth of Novator Private Placement Shares held by it in connection with the shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association held on February 24, 2023. As consideration for the Limited Waiver, the Sponsor agreed: (a) if the Proposed Business Combination is completed on or before September 30, 2023, to subscribe for and purchase Better Common Stock for aggregate cash proceeds to Better equal the Sponsor Redeemed Amount at a purchase price of 10.00 per share of Better Common Stock on the closing date of the Proposed Business Combination; or (b) if the Proposed Business Combination is not completed on or before September 30, 2023, to subscribe for and purchase for 35 million aggregate cash proceeds to Better, at the Sponsor s election, (x) a number of newly issued shares of Better s Company Series D Equivalent Preferred Stock at a price per share that represents a 50 discount to the Pre-Money Valuation or (y) for a number of shares of Better s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a 75 discount to the Pre-Money Valuation. As further consideration for the Limited Waiver, the Sponsor agreed to reimburse the Company for reasonable and documented expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, up to the Sponsor Redeemed Amount, to the extent such expenses are not otherwise subject to reimbursement by Better pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Director Independence The Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of the board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an executive officer or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Aurora s board of directors has determined that each of Shravin Mittal, Sangeeta Desai and Michael Edelstein is an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Aurora s independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 242,579 and 138,586, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All Other Fees We did not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1) Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statements Schedule All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be accessed on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

No. Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc. and Better Holdco, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143) , filed on May 14, 2021). 2.2 Form of Plan of Domestication (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 2.3 Amendment No. 1, dated October 27, 2021, to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 10, 2021, by and among Better HoldCo, Inc., Aurora Acquisition Corp., and Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143), filed on October 29, 2021). 2.4 Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 9, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc. and Better Holdco, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Annex A-2 to the Company s Form S-4 Registration Statement, Amendment No. 3 (File No. 333-258423), filed on November 12, 2021). 2.5 Amendment No. 3 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc. and Better Holdco, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143) , filed on December 2, 2021). 2.6 Amendment No. 4 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 26, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc., and Better Holdco, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143) filed on August 29, 2022). 2.7 Amendment No. 5 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 24, 2023, by and among the Registrant, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc., and Better Holdco, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143) filed on March 2, 2023). 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253106 ), filed on February 24, 2021). 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 3.2 Form of Certificate of Incorporation of Aurora Acquisition Corp. to become effective upon the Business Combination (Incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Company Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 3.3 Form of Certificate of Domestication to become effective upon the Business Combination (Incorporated by reference to Annex C to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 3.4 Form of By-Laws of Aurora Acquisition Corp. to become effective upon the Business Combination (Incorporated by reference to Annex D to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on J uly 14, 2022). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate of Aurora Acquisition Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022 ). 4.2 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate of Aurora Acquisition Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022 ). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Aurora Acquisition Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022 ). 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated March 3, 2021, by and between Aurora Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143), filed on March 9, 2021). 4.5 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate of Better Home Finance Holding Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S 4/A (File No. 333 253106), filed on a April 25, 2022). 4.6 Specimen Class B Common Stock Certificate of Better Home Finance Holding Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S 4/A (File No. 333 253106), filed on April 25, 2022). 4.7 Specimen Class C Common Stock Certificate of Better Home Finance Holding Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S 4/A (File No. 333 253106), filed on April 25, 2022). 4.8 Description of Registrant s Securities. 10.1 Aurora Holder Support Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among Registrant, BetterHoldco, Inc., Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. and Unbound HoldCo Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Annex E to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.2 Better Holder Support Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Better Holdco, Inc. and the persons set forth on Schedule I thereto (Incorporated by reference to Annex F to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.3 F orm of Better Holder Voting and Support Agreement by and among the Registrant, Better Holdco, Inc. and the persons set forth on Schedule I thereto (Incorporated by reference to Annex R to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.4 SoftBank Subscription Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and SB Northstar LP (Incorporated by reference to Annex H to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.5 Amendment to the SoftBank Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant, Better Holdco, Inc. and SB Northstar LP (Incorporated by reference to Annex H-1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.6 Sponsor Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant, and Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Annex K to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.7 Amendment to Sponsor Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, by and between the Registrant, and Novator Capital Sponsor, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Annex K-1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.8 Sponsor Subscription Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant, Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. and BB Trustees SA (Incorporated by reference to Annex I to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.9 Amendment to the Sponsor Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant, Better Holdco, Inc. Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. and BB Trustees SA (Incorporated by reference to Annex I-1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 Redemption Subscription Agreement, by and among Registrant, Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. and BB Trustees SA and the additional subscribers (Incorporated by reference to Annex J to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.11 Redemption Subscription Termination, dated November 30, 2021, by and among Aurora Acquisition Corp., and Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd., and BB Trustees SA, as trustee of the Future Holdings Trust (Incorporated by reference to Annex J-1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.12 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Registrant, Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd., and certain additional stockholder parties (Incorporated by reference to Annex G to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.13 P re-Closing Bridge Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and between the Registrant, Better Holdco, Inc., SB Northstar LP and Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Annex Q to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.14 SoftBank Bridge Note (Incorporated by reference to Annex Q-1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.15 Sponsor Bridge Note (Incorporated by reference to Annex Q-2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.16 Founder Side Letter, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Vishal Garg (Incorporated by reference to Annex M to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022).). 10.17 Amended and Restated Insider Letter, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd and certain individuals, each of whom is a member of the board of directors and/or management team (Incorporated by reference to Annex L to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.18 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of May 10, 2021, by and between Aurora Capital Holding Corp, and Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd (Incorporated by reference to Annex N to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.19 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143), filed on March 9, 2021). 10.20 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143), filed on March 9, 2021). 10.21# Form of Better Home Finance Holding Company 2022 Incentive Equity Plan, (Incorporated by reference to Annex O to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022), and forms of agreement thereunder. 10.22# Form of Better Home Finance Holding Company 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Annex P to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.23 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Better Home Finance and each of its directors and executive officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 10.24 Offer Letter, dated October 2, 2020, by and between Better Holdco, Inc. and Kevin Ryan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 10.25 Offer Letter, dated December 8, 2020, by and between Better Holdco, Inc. and Sigurgeir Jonsson (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 10.26 Offer Letter, dated November 13, 2020, by and between Better Holdco, Inc. and Diane Yu (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 10.27 Post-Closing Convertible Notes Side Letter, dated November 30, 2021 between SoftBank and Vishal Garg (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.28 Better Holdco, Inc. Irrevocable Voting Proxy, dated as of April 7, 2021, as amended as of October 8, 2021, by and between Vishal Garg and SVF II Beaver (DE) LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 10.29 Form of Executive Employment Agreement by and between Better Home Finance and certain of its executive officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 10.30 Form of Change of Control Severance Plan by and between Better Home Finance and certain of its executive officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on April 25, 2022). 10.31 Director s Services Agreement, dated October 15, 2021, by and among Registrant, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc. and Caroline Jane Tucker, as amended by the Amendment and Restatement of Director s Services Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, by and among Registrant, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc. and Caroline Jane Tucker (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-258423), filed on July 14, 2022). 10.32 Letter Agreement, dated August 26, 2022, by and among Registrant, Better Holdco, Inc. and Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143) filed on August 29, 2022). 10.33 Letter Agreement, dated February 7, 2023 by and among Aurora Acquisition Corp., Better HoldCo, Inc., and Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143) filed on February 7, 2023). 10.34 Limited Waiver to Amended and Restated Letter Agreement, dated February 23, 2023 by and among Aurora Acquisition Corp., Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd., certain individuals and Better HoldCo, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40143) filed on February 23, 2023). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 Transfer Agent Termination Letter, dated November 1, 2021 by and between Aurora Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40143), filed on March 25, 2022). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

 Filed herewith # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AURORA ACQUISITION CORP. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Arnaud Massenet Arnaud Massenet Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Arnaud Massenet Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) April 17, 2023 Arnaud Massenet /s/ Caroline Harding Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) April 17, 2023 Caroline Harding /s/ Thor Bj rg lfsson Chairman April 17, 2023 Thor Bj rg lfsson /s/ Shravin Mittal Director April 17, 2023 Shravin Mittal /s/ Sangeeta Desai Director April 17, 2023 Sangeeta Desai /s/ Michael Edelstein Director April 17, 2023 Michael Edelstein 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 668) F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Aurora Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Aurora Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. The Company has also determined that the mandatory liquidation date is September 30, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. , NY April 17, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 AURORA ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Cash held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued offering costs Related party loans Deferred credit liability Total Current Liabilities Warrant liability Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Shareholders Equity Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized and issued; as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 AURORA ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Formation and operating costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest earned (expense) on marketable securities held in Trust Account Change in fair value of warrants Change in fair value of over-allotment option liability Offering costs allocated to warrants liability ) Gain on deferred underwriting fee Net Income (loss) ) Weighted average shares outstanding, subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted gain (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted gain (loss) per share, Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 AURORA ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Total Ordinary Ordinary Additional Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Paid in Capital Deficit Equity Balance January 1, 2022 ) Remeasurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption amount ) ) Derecognition of deferred underwriting fee Net income Balance - December 31, 2022 

Class A Class B Total Ordinary Ordinary Additional Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Paid in Capital Deficit Equity Balance January 1, 2021 ) Sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses Sale of Private Placement Units Sale of Private Placement Warrants Ordinary shares subject to redemption (as restated) ) ) ) ) Surrender and cancellation of Founder Shares ) ) Over-allotment option liability ) ) Expenses paid by the Sponsor Net loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 AURORA ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Change in fair value of warrant liability ) ) Offering cost allocated to warrant liability Expenses paid by the Sponsor Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account ) ) Gain on Deferred Underwriting Fee ) Change in fair value of over-allotment option liability ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Related party receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued offering costs ) Deferred credit liability Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investment of cash into Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Proceeds from promissory note related party Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash Cash Beginning of period Cash End of period Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Deferred Offering Cost Proceeds from Promissory Note with Related Party for Offering Cost Initial classification of Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption Deferred underwriting fee payable Initial Classification of Warrant liability Remeasurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption amount The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 AURORA ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 or more businesses (a Transaction ). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of completing a Transaction. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company, and as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. On May 10, 2021, Aurora Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Better HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation Better ). The Company will present their financial statements on a consolidated basis, which includes the Merger Sub, as the Company its sole shareholder. The consolidated activity of the Merger Sub includes only transactions related to governance and Director fees under the Director Services Agreement, which is described in Note 5. All activity for the period from October 7, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and activities in connection with entering into the Merger Agreement. Since our Initial Public Offering, our only costs have been identifying a target for our initial Transaction, negotiating the transaction with Better, and maintaining our Company and SEC reporting. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination Business Combination ). We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective Transaction candidates. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on March 3, 2021. On March 8, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of private placement units (the Novator Private Placement Units ), consisting of one Class A ordinary shares (the Novator Private Placement Shares and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant (each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share) (the Novator Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Novator Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd., or Novator, an affiliate of Novator Capital Ltd. (the Sponsor ), directors, and executive officers of the Company, generating gross proceeds of . In addition, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor and certain of the Company s directors and executive officers, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (see Note 6) and of other offering costs. Following the closing of Aurora s Initial Public Offering on March 8, 2021, an amount equal to per unit) (see Note 7) from the net proceeds from Aurora s Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account ). Additionally, the cash held in the Trust Account comprises of gross proceeds from the Initial Public Offering of , from the proceeds of the Underwriters over-allotment, from units at a price per unit and interest income of for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, funds in the Trust Account totaled and will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 Units issued for an aggregate amount of in gross proceeds of net proceeds). In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants at per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Novator Private Placement Units, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination and to pay the deferred portion of the underwriters discounts associated with the Initial Public Offering and partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment options. The Company must complete its initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares, with the exception of the founder shares and Novator Private Placement Shares, upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Class A ordinary shares are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, it will need to receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a general meeting of the Company (assuming a quorum is present). If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Novator Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and to waive their redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (unless further extended with shareholder approval) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company had until 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination. On February 24, 2023, the Company obtained shareholder approval to extend the date by which the Company must complete the Initial Business Combination to September 30, 2023. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within this timeline, the Company can seek an extension (with no limit to such extension) provided it has shareholder approval. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (unless further extended with shareholder approval), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares and Novator Private Placement Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares and Novator Private Placement Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company s directors and officers have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (unless further extended with shareholder approval). However, any Public Shares acquired by the Sponsor or the Company s directors and officers and Novator Private Placement Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (unless further extended with shareholder approval). The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (unless further extended with shareholder approval) and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares and Novator Private Placement Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent public accountants), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. As a condition to the consummation of the Business Combination, the board of directors of the Company has unanimously approved a change of the Company s jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company will change its name to Better Home Finance Holding Company. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 in its operating bank account, and a working capital deficit of . The Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note to the Sponsor Payee pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . Should the Company s operating costs, in relation to its proposed business combination, exceed the amounts still available and not currently drawn under the promissory note, the Sponsor shall increase the amount available under the promissory note to cover such costs, subject to an aggregate cap of . This amount was reflective of estimated total costs of the Company through November 15, 2023 in relation to the business combination, in the event the business combination is unsuccessful. Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 4 whereby Better has also agreed to reimburse the Company, for reasonable transaction expenses as defined in the Merger Agreement, an aggregate amount not to exceed . In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by September 30, 2023, the Company can seek an extension (with no limit to such extension) provided we have our shareholder approval. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Company to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provision of the Note. Within five business days of the day of Amendment No.4, Better paid Aurora a sum of and, on February 6, 2023, Better paid Aurora an additional sum of , each as part of Better s agreement to reimburse Aurora for transaction expenses as defined in the Merger Agreement. Accordingly, management has evaluated the Company s liquidity and financial condition and determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations through the earlier of a Business Combination or one year from the date of this filing. Going Concern In connection with the Company s going concern considerations in accordance with guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , the Company has until September 30, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. The Company s mandatory liquidation date, if a Business Combination is not consummated, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1, in the event of a mandatory liquidation, within ten business days, the Company will redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the allocated amount towards the Public Shares (in this case, not including the existing Novator Private Placement Shares) then on deposit in the Trust Account including the allocated interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. million that would be payable at the close of the Business Combination. Accordingly, the Company derecognized the liability for the deferred underwriting fee in the quarter ending June 30, 2022 that was accrued as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there is no liability for the deferred underwriting fee. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Over-Allotment Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption December 31, 2021 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption: Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption December 31, 2022 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding (including warrants included in the Novator Private Placement Units). The Company accounts for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants (including warrants included in the Novator Private Placement Units) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments required that the Company record the warrants as derivative liabilities at fair value upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal to its fair value. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liabilities are adjusted to current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. as a result of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of a underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of equity in connection with the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection with the Public Warrants included in the Units that were classified as liabilities within the nine months ended September, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a gain of and , respectively, relating to offering costs allocated to the warrant liability due to Barclays waiving its entitlement to a deferred underwriting fee of that would be payable at the close of the Business Combination. There was no gain due to the waiver of underwriting fees for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 or December 31,2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the periods presented. Class B ordinary shares that were forfeited when the over-allotment option was partially exercised by the underwriters within the 45-day window (see Note 5). The Company has not considered the effect of the Warrants sold in the Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share in connection with the Novator Private Placement Units, since the exercise of the Warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The Company s statement of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per share. According to SEC guidance, shares that are redeemable based on a specified formula are considered to be redeemable at fair value if the formula is designed to equal or reasonably approximate fair value. When deemed to be redeemable at fair value, the weighted average redeemable shares would be included with the non-redeemable shares in the denominator of the calculation and initially calculated as if they were a single class of ordinary shares. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 ) Net earnings (losses) attributable to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) Denominator: Weighted average Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares Numerator: Net income (loss) minus net earnings Net income (loss) ) Less: Net earnings (losses) attributable to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Non-redeemable net income (loss) ) Denominator: Weighted average Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares ) Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one -fourth of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). In connection with the IPO, the Company granted the underwriters a 45 -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, and on March 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised this over-allotment option (see Note 6). 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of from the Company. The Sponsor and certain of the Company s directors and officers also agreed to purchase up to an additional Private Placement Warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of an additional , if the over-allotment option is exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. On March 10, the Sponsor and certain of the Company s directors and officers purchased Private Placement Warrants for an additional aggregate purchase price of in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (unless further extended with shareholder approval), the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares and the shares included in the Novator Private Placement Units (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire, and no amount will be due to holders. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Agreement with Aurora on November 9, 2021, pursuant to which the Sponsor will forfeit upon Closing of the Aurora private warrants and of the Better Home Finance Class A common stock retained by the Sponsor as of the Closing will become subject to transfer restrictions, contingent upon the price of Better Home Finance Class A common stock exceeding certain thresholds Sponsor Locked-Up Shares ). The Sponsor and certain of the Company s directors and officers also purchased Novator Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Unit consists of Novator Private Placement Share and -quarter of one warrant Private Placement Warrant ). Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and the Company s directors and officers have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, Novator Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for shares of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). During February 2021, the Company effectuated a share dividend of Class B ordinary shares and subsequently issued a cancellation for Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of founder shares issued and outstanding . In March 2021, the Company effectuated a share dividend of shares. On May 10, 2021, as a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, a total of Founder Shares were irrevocably surrendered for cancellation and consideration, so that the number of Founder Shares collectively represented of the Company s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and Novator Private Placement. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividend and related cancellation. A portion of the founder shares issued and outstanding were transferred to certain directors of the Company but remain subject to the same conditions and restrictions as apply to those founder shares as held by the Sponsor which are set out in greater detail below. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares (or Novator Private Placement Shares) until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations, or other similar transactions) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 Novator Private Placement Units at a price of per Novator Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, directors, and executive officers of the Company, generating gross proceeds of . In addition, the Company consummated the sale of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor and certain of the Company s directors and executive officers, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. On March 2, 2021, the Sponsor transferred Class B ordinary shares to the executive officers and directors. The agreement with the Sponsor provides that membership interests only be transferred to the executive officers or directors or other persons affiliated with the Sponsor, or in connection with estate planning transfers. The fair value of the shares on the date they were transferred to the independent directors was estimated to be approximately , recognition of compensation cost is deferred until consummation of the business combination. This position is based on the principle established in the guidance on business combinations in ASC 805-20-55-50 and 55-51. The Company believes a similar approach should be applied under ASC 718 and that a contingent event for realization of the compensation expense is the business combination. Pre-Closing Bridge Notes On November 2, 2021, Aurora entered into a convertible bridge note purchase agreement (the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement ), dated as of November 30, 2021, with Better, SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor (SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor, together, the Purchasers ). Under the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement, Better issued of bridge notes that convert to shares of Class A common stock of Aurora (post-Proposed Busness Combination and domestication) in connection with the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, with SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor, as Purchasers, purchasing million and million, respectively, of such bridge notes. The Bridge Note Purchase Agreement will result in the issuance of either Better Class A common stock, a new series of preferred stock of Better (as described below), or Better common stock (together, the Bridge Conversion Shares , as applicable) as follows: (i) upon closing of the Proposed Business Combination, the bridge notes will convert into shares of Better Class A common stock at a conversion rate of share per of consideration; (ii) if the closing of the Proposed Business Combination does not occur by the September 30, 2023, or in the event of a Corporate Transaction or Merger Withdrawal (each as defined in the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement) prior to September 30, 2023 or prior to the time when a bridge note may otherwise be converted pursuant to the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement, the bridge notes will convert into a new series of preferred stock of Better, which series will be identical to Better s Series D Preferred Stock, provided that the ratchet adjustment provisions relating to Better s Series D Preferred Stock will not apply, and such series will vote together with Better s Series D Preferred Stock as a single class on all matters; or (iii) in the event of a termination of the Merger Agreement (a) by Better, arising out of or resulting from breaches on the part of Aurora or the Sponsor, (b) by Better, arising out of or resulting from breaches on the part of Aurora or any Subscriber in connection with any Subscription Agreement or (c) arising out of or resulting from breaches on the part of Aurora, SB Northstar LP or the Sponsor in connection with the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement or any ancillary agreement, the bridge notes will convert into shares of Better common stock. On August 26, 2022, Aurora, Better and Novator entered into a letter agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the bridge notes held by the Sponsor to March 8, 2023, subject to SB Northstar LP consenting to extending the maturity of its bridge notes accordingly. On February 7, 2023, Aurora, Better and the Sponsor entered into a further letter agreement, pursuant to which, subject to Better receiving requisite approval therefor (which Better has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to obtain), the parties agreed that, if the Proposed Business Combination has not been consummated by the maturity date of the bridge notes, the Sponsor will have the option, without limiting its rights under the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement to alternatively exchange its bridge notes on or before the maturity date as follows: (x) for a number of shares of Better preferred stock at a conversion price that represents a discount to the billion pre-money equity valuation of Better or (y) for a number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a discount to the billion pre-money equity valuation of Better. On the same date, the Sponsor and Better agreed to defer the maturity date of the bridge notes until September 30, 2023. Director Services Agreement On October 15, 2021, Merger Sub entered into a Director s Services Agreement (the DSA by and among Merger Sub, Caroline Jane Harding (the Director ), and the Company, effective as of May 10, 2021. On October 29, 2021, the DSA was amended, and the amended DSA was ratified by the Compensation Committee on November 3, 2021. Under the terms of the DSA, the Director is to provide services 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 in annual payments (and in certain circumstances an incremental hourly fee of ). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized of expense related to the amended DSA. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no unpaid amounts related to the amended DSA. In addition, our Company remunerates the Director per month for professional services rendered to our Company in her role as chief financial officer and per year and an incremental hourly fee of in certain circumstances for her service on our board of directors. Additionally, Ms. Harding received a payment on March 21, 2021 in contemplation of her services to Aurora and will receive a payment on the earlier of March 21, 2023 or the date on which Aurora is liquidated. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was accrued and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was expensed for these services. If we do not have sufficient funds to make the payments due to Ms. Harding as set forth herein professional services provided by her, we may borrow funds from our sponsor or an affiliate of the initial shareholders or certain of our directors and officers to enable us to make such payments. Related Party Merger Agreement and Promissory Note On August 26, 2022, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No.4 to the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the Agreement End Date from September 30, 2022 (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to March 8, 2023. On February 24, 2023, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 5 to the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the Agreement End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. In consideration of extending the Agreement End Date, Better will reimburse Aurora for certain reasonable and documented expenses in an aggregate sum not to exceed . The reimbursement payments are structured in three tranches. The first payment of was made within 5 business days after the execution of Amendment No. 4, the second payment of was made on February 6, 2023 and the third payment of up to will be paid on April 1, 2023. Aurora, Merger Sub and Better also agreed to amend the Merger Agreement to provide a waiver from the exclusivity provisions thereof to allow Better to discuss alternative financing structures with SB Northstar LP. On May 10, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note to the Sponsor Payee ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . The Note is non-interest bearing and payable by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Company to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provision of the Note. This Note amended and restated in its entirety that certain Promissory Note dated as of December 9, 2020 (the Prior Note issued by the Company to the Payee in the principal amount of . On February 23, 2022 this note was again amended and restated pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . Should the Company s operating costs, in relation to its proposed business combination, exceed the amounts still available and not currently drawn under the promissory note, the Sponsor shall increase the amount available under the promissory note to cover such costs, subject to an aggregate cap of . This amount was reflective of estimated total costs of the Company through November 15, 2023 in relation to the business combination, in the event the business combination is unsuccessful. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by September 30, 2023, we can seek a further extension (with no limit to such extension) provided we have our shareholder approval. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount outstanding under the Note was and . Capital Contribution from Sponsor In July of 2021, the Sponsor paid an SEC filing fee of approximately on behalf of the Company. The Company accounted for the filing fee as an expense incurred for the period, as well as a capital contribution from the Sponsor. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, Novator Private Placement Shares, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, Novator Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement In connection with the IPO, the Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, and on March 10, 2021, the Company issued Units to the underwriters pursuant to such option, at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The Units sold pursuant to the underwriters exercise of such option were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of to the Company and net proceeds equal to after the deduction of the underwriting fee. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit (including the Units sold in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On June 22, 2022, Barclays resigned from its role as underwriter and financial advisory to the Company. In connection with such resignation, Barclays waived its entitlement to a deferred underwriting fee of that would be payable at the close of the Business Combination. Accordingly, the Company did not recognize the liability for the deferred underwriting fee as of June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there is liability for the deferred underwriting fee. Pre-Closing Bridge Notes On November 2, 2021, Aurora entered into a convertible bridge note purchase agreement (the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement ), dated as of November 30, 2021, with Better, SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor (SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor, together, the Purchasers ). Under the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement, Better issued of bridge notes that convert to shares of Class A common stock of Aurora (post-Proposed Busness Combination and domestication) in connection with the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, with SB Northstar LP and the Sponsor, as Purchasers, purchasing million and million, respectively, of such bridge notes. The Bridge Note Purchase Agreement will result in the issuance of either Better Class A common stock, a new series of preferred stock of Better (as described below), or Better common stock (together, the Bridge Conversion Shares , as applicable) as follows: (i) upon closing of the Proposed Business Combination, the bridge notes will convert into shares of Better Class A common stock at a conversion rate of share per of consideration; (ii) if the closing of the Proposed Business Combination does not occur by the September 30, 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 discount to the billion pre-money equity valuation of Better or (y) for a number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a discount to the billion pre-money equity valuation of Better. On the same date, the Sponsor and Better agreed to defer the maturity date of the bridge notes until September 30, 2023. Litigation Matters Aurora and its affiliate, Merger Sub (together, Aurora ), were named as co-defendants with Better in a lawsuit initially filed in July 2021 by Pine Brook. Pine Brook sought, among other things, declaratory judgments and damages in relation to a side letter agreement that had been entered into with Better in 2019, as well as a lockup provision restricting the transfer of stock after the merger with Better for any holders of or more of Better s pre-merger shares for a period of post-merger. Aurora was named as a defendant only with respect to the lockup claims. On November 1, 2021, the parties to the lawsuit entered into a confidential settlement agreement, resolving all claims in the above action, and the action was dismissed with prejudice pursuant to the court s November 3, 2021 order. In addition, Aurora has also received demand letters from stockholders of the Company regarding the Company s registration statement filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Business Combination. The stockholders allege that the registration statement omits material information with respect to the Business Combination, and demand that the Company provides corrective disclosures to address the alleged omissions. lawsuits have been filed in relation to the stockholder demand letters. In the second quarter of 2022, Aurora received a voluntary request for documents from the Division of Enforcement of the SEC indicating that it is conducting an investigation relating to Aurora and Better to determine if violations of the federal securities laws have occurred. The SEC has requested that Better and Aurora provide the SEC with certain information and documents. Aurora is cooperating with the SEC. As the investigation is ongoing, Aurora is unable to predict how long it will continue or whether, at its conclusion, the SEC will bring any enforcement actions and, if it does, what remedies it may seek. preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding of which an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares were forfeited in connection with the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option so that the number of Founder Shares will equal of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. Only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders except as otherwise required by law. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the day of the closing of an initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holders thereof, at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering and the Novator Private Placement, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, members of the Company s management team or any of the Company s affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. On the first business day following the consummation of the Business Combination at a ratio such that the total number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of Class A ordinary shares (including any such shares issued following the exercise of the over-allotment option), plus (ii) the sum of (a) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any warrants issued in a private placement to the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, minus (b) the number of Public Shares redeemed by public shareholders in connection with the Business Combination. In no event will any Founder Shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. Warrants Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per Public Warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last sales price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a - trading day period ending on third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of Warrants for Class A Ordinary Shares When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds Commencing after the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per public share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, Novator Private Placement Shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 
 The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by September 30, 2023 (unless further extended with shareholder approval) and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants and Novator Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Novator Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants and Novator Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers, directors and officers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers, directors and officers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants and the Novator Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. The Company utilizes a Modified Black Scholes model to value the Private Placement Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations. The estimated fair value of the warrant liabilities are determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a binomial options pricing model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at . Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the Company had no transfers out of Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities: Derivative public warrant liabilities Derivative private warrant liabilities Total Fair Value Strike price Probability of completing a Business Combination Remaining term (in years) Volatility Risk-free rate Fair value of warrants (1) The expected term of the Private Placement Warrants has been adjusted to as of December 31, 2022 due to multiple factors, including an expected additional - duration of the Private Placement Warrants as a result of the extension of the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. Additionally, weighted probability factors contribute to the decrease in term from the remaining per the previous date valued at December 31, 2021. The following table provides a summary of the changes in the fair value of the Company s financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Initial measurement of over-allotment warrants Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions ) ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions ) ) ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 discount to the billion pre-money equity valuation of Better or (y) for a number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a discount to the billion pre-money equity valuation of Better. On the same date, the Sponsor and Better agreed to defer the maturity date of the bridge notes until September 30, 2023. On February 8, 2023, the Company repaid an aggregate principal amount of million under the Note. After giving effect to this repayment, the amount outstanding under the Note is approximately . On February 23, 2023, the Company, the Sponsor, certain individuals, each of whom is a member of our board of directors and/or management team (the Insiders ), and Better entered into a limited waiver (the Limited Waiver to the Amended and Restated Letter Agreement (the A R Letter Agreement ), dated as of May 10, 2021, by and among us, the Sponsor and the Insiders. In the A R Letter Agreement, the Sponsor and each Insider waived, with respect to any shares of Capital Stock (as defined in the A R Letter Agreement) held by it, him or her, if any, any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection with (i) a shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination (as defined in the A R Letter Agreement), or (ii) a shareholder vote to approve certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated articles of association (the Redemption Restriction ). Pursuant to the Limited Waiver, the Company and the Insiders agreed to waive the Redemption Restriction as it applies to the Sponsor to the limited extent required to allow the redemption of up to an aggregate of million worth of Novator Private Placement Shares held by it in connection with the shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association held on February 24, 2023 As consideration for the Limited Waiver, the Sponsor agreed: (a) if the proposed Business Combination is completed on or before September 30, 2023, to subscribe for and purchase common stock of Better Home Finance (the Better Common Stock ), for aggregate cash proceeds to Better equal to the actual aggregate amount of Novator Private Placement Shares redeemed by it in connection with the Limited Waiver (the Sponsor Redeemed Amount at a purchase price of per share of Better Common Stock on the closing date of the proposed Business Combination; or (b) if the proposed Business Combination is not completed on or before September 30, 2023, to subscribe for and purchase for million aggregate cash proceeds to Better, at the Sponsor s election, (x) a number of newly issued shares of Better s Company Series D Equivalent Preferred Stock (as defined in the bridge note purchase agreement) at a price per share that represents a discount to the Pre-Money Valuation (as defined below) or (y) for a number of shares of Better s Class B common stock at a price per share that represents a discount to the Pre-Money Valuation. Pre-Money Valuation means the billion pre-money equity valuation of Better based on the aggregate amount of fully diluted shares of Better s common stock on an as-converted basis. As further consideration for the Limited Waiver, the Sponsor agreed to reimburse the Company for reasonable and documented expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the proposed Business Combination, up to the Sponsor Redeemed Amount, to the extent such expenses are not otherwise subject to reimbursement by Better pursuant to the Merger Agreement. On February 24, 2023, Aurora, Merger Sub and Better entered into Amendment No. 5 to the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the Agreement End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. The Company held a combined annual and extraordinary general meeting on February 24, 2023, and extended the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 8, 2023 to September 30, 2023. As part of the meeting, public shareholders redeemed ordinary shares and the Sponsor redeemed ordinary shares for an aggregate cash balance of approximately . 
 F-24 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 aurcu-20221231xex4d8.htm
 EXHIBIT-4.8

Exhibit 4.8 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description of the securities of Aurora Acquisition Corp. (the Company, Aurora, we or us is a summary and does not purport to be complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our warrant agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (the warrant agreement ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this description is an exhibit. As of December 31, 2022, Aurora had the following classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), (ii) units, each consisting of one share of Class A ordinary share and one-quarter (1/4) of one redeemable warrant, and (iii) redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 (the warrants ). In addition, this Description of Securities also references certain other of the Company s securities which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are included to assist in the description of the registered securities. We are a Cayman Islands exempted Company (company number 366813) and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, The Companies Act (As Revised), and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, and 5,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the Company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. Unit holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Unit holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. Ordinary Shares Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, except as provided below and required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of The Companies Act (As Revised) or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory 

 merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being up for election in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. However, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote for directors in any election held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to elect any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 per cent of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our shareholder meeting. Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year, each serving for a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are required to hold an annual general meeting no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under The Companies Act (As Revised) for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings or appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) (the public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated (excluding any amounts then on deposit in the trust account that were allocated to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units that were issued to Novator Capital Sponsor Ltd., an affiliate of Novator Capital Ltd (the sponsor ), and certain of our directors and executive officers in the private placement of units completed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering (the Novator private placement , the Novator private placement units , and the Novator private placement shares , respectively)) as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares and Novator private placement shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by any deferred underwriting commissions we pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. The holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (our initial shareholders ), sponsor, directors and executive officers have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, Novator private placement shares and any public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to any public shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we decide not to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. 

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, executive officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the public shares (the Excess Shares without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement, our initial shareholders, sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed to vote their founder shares and Novator private placement shares in favor of our initial business combination, and our initial shareholders have also agreed to vote any public shares in favor of our initial business combination.. The members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to any public shares. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares and Novator private placement shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association). However, if our initial shareholders, sponsor, directors or 

 executive officers acquire public shares or Novator private placement shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares or Novator private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, in the event we commence a liquidation and all public shares have been redeemed, all founder shares not held by the sponsor shall be surrendered to the Company for no consideration, such that only the founder shares held by the sponsor share in any assets in liquidation. In the event of a winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering and the Novator private placement, and holders of founder shares and Novator private placement shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares and Novator private placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our initial shareholders, sponsor, director and executive officers have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, Novator private placement shares and any public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, Novator private placement shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares and Novator private placement shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), and (C) with respect to only the founder shares, to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares and Novator private placement shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described herein, and (iv) prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any election. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders, sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed to vote their founder shares, Novator private placement shares and any public shares in favor of our initial business combination. The members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered into by our sponsor with respect to the Novator private placement shares and any public shares. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the total number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of Class A ordinary shares (including any such shares issued following the exercise of the over-allotment option) and Novator private placement shares, plus (ii) the sum of (a) the 

 total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of our initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any warrants issued in a private placement to our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans, minus (b) the number of public shares redeemed by public shareholders in connection with our initial business combination. In no event will any founder shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. Our sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its founder shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion thereof and Novator private placement shares until the earliest of (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (b) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (except to certain permitted transferees and under certain specified circumstances)). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same applicable restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares and Novator private placement shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares and Novator private placement shares held by our sponsor, directors and the members of our management team will be released from the lock-up. Register of Members Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member; whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 
 Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our Company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, the register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us and the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. Preference Shares Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the 

 shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing thirty (30) days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) (the public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any 

 period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported last sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the public shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: in whole and not in part; at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; and if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number 

 of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11.00 12.00 13.00 14.00 15.00 16.00 17.00 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.281 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 

33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months - - 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.50 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in some other blank check offerings, which only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the warrants issued to our sponsor in the private placement completed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering (the private placement warrants )) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for 

 their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of March 5, 2021. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. No fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. Redemption procedures A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-dilution adjustments If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization, a share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant, as applicable, will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares, as applicable. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, as applicable, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter, as applicable. In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors) and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance, or the Newly Issued Price, (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, or the Market Value, is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to the caption Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price). In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any 

 merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a liquidation following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants, private placement warrants and the warrants included in the Novator private placement units (the Novator private placement warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Private Placement Warrants and Novator Private Placement Warrants The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) and Novator private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable 

 upon exercise of the Novator private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our executive officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor or its permitted transferee) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by such persons or their respective permitted transferee. Our sponsor, directors and officers or their permitted transferees have the option to exercise the private placement warrants and Novator private placement warrants (other than in certain limited circumstances) on a cashless basis. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants and Novator private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. If the private placement warrants or Novator private placement warrants are held by a holder other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, such warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants and Novator private placement warrants are each entitled to registration rights as further described under the section titled Registration Rights. If holders of the private placement warrants or Novator private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be entitled to registration rights so long as they are held by our sponsor (and directors and officers) or their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis and providing them with registration rights is appropriate. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants and Novator private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions, transfers can be made to our executive officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as 

 transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, executive officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon. Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by The Companies Act (As Revised). The Companies Act (As Revised) is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of The Companies Act (As Revised) applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, The Companies Act (As Revised) allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2 3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of The Companies Act (As Revised) (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to 

 pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, The Companies Act (As Revised) provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (i) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (ii) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (iii) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (iv) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the Company determines is the fair value and if the Company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the Company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (v) if the Company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the Company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the Company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the Company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the Company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

 we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of The Companies Act (As Revised) or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 
 If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. Shareholders Suits. Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our executive officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the Company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

 We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be (i) in respect of taxes, a fine or penalty, (ii) inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, (iii) impeachable on the grounds of fraud or (iv) obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under The Companies Act (As Revised). The Companies Act (As Revised) distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: an exempted company does not have to file an annual return on its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 
 Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the Company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s 

 shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the Company s shareholders. Other than described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our initial shareholders (and their permitted transferees, if any), sponsor, directors, executive officers and holders of Novator private placement shares, who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares , will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares and Novator private placement shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares and Novator private placement shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law; Prior to our initial business combination (other than pursuant to the Novator private placement), we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial business combination; Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view; If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares and Novator private placement shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 30, 2023 (or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (excluding any amounts then on deposit in the trust account that are allocable to the Novator private placement shares), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (excluding any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that are allocable to the Novator 

private placement shares) and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 
 In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to private placement agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. The Companies Act (As Revised) permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its a memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our executive officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering-Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Data Protection-Cayman Islands We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPL ), based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL personal data ). 

 In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPL, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPL, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPL or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. Who this Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use Your Personal Data The Company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 
 Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer a Shareholder s Personal Data In certain circumstances, we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority 

 or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the U.S., the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPL. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Registration Rights Our sponsor, directors and executive officers will have rights to require us to register any of our securities held by them for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement. These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, the holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants, Novator private placement shares, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A common shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants, Novator private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Listing of Securities Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols AURCU, AURC and AURCW, respectively. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 aurcu-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Arnaud Massenet, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aurora Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Arnaud Massenet Arnaud Massenet Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 aurcu-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Caroline Harding, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Aurora Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Caroline Harding Caroline Harding Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 aurcu-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Aurora Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Arnaud Massenet, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Arnaud Massenet Name: Arnaud Massenet Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 aurcu-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Aurora Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Caroline Harding, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Caroline Harding Name: Caroline Harding Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aurcu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aurcu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aurcu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aurcu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

