<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1801417_0001213900-23-030222.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4220588</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>289486</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>828348</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>911161</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1062590</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1032831</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030222.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417160157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030222
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			byNordic Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001801417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41273
		FILM NUMBER:		23823937

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EINAR HANSENS ESPLANAD 29
		CITY:			MALMO
		STATE:			V7
		ZIP:			21175
		BUSINESS PHONE:		46 763 134 695

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EINAR HANSENS ESPLANAD 29
		CITY:			MALMO
		STATE:			V7
		ZIP:			21175

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030222.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_bynordicacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

BYNORDIC ACQUISITION
CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

211 13 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and one-half of one redeemable warrant BYNOU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 BYNOW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s
second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the Registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates
was (based on the closing sales price of the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022 of 9.91). 

As of April 17, 2023 there were (i) 17,250,000 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, (ii) shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued pursuant
to a private placement, and (iii) shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and
outstanding. 

Auditor Firm ID: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 
 28 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 42 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 43 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below), including, without
limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including
the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

we are a newly formed company without an operating history; 

our public stockholders may experience delay in receiving distributions from our trust account; 

our public stockholders may have a lack of opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination; 

the lack of protections afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

any deviation from our acquisition criteria; 

our issuance of equity and/or debt securities to complete a business combination; 

our lack of working capital; 

third-party claims reducing the per-share redemption price; 

any potential negative interest rate for securities in which we invest the funds held in our trust account; 

our stockholders being held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

any failure to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations; 

warrant holders limited to exercising warrants only on a cashless basis; 

the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company; 

our dependence on key personnel; 

conflicts of interest of our sponsor, officers and directors; 

any potential delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; 

our dependence on a single target business with a limited number of products or services; 

our stockholders inability to vote or redeem their shares in connection with our extensions; 

ii 

shares of Class A common stock being redeemed and warrants becoming worthless; 

our competitors with advantages over us in seeking business combinations; 

our ability to obtain additional financing; 

our initial stockholders controlling a substantial interest in us; 

the warrants adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

disadvantageous timing for redeeming warrants; 

registration rights adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

the impact of COVID-19 and related risks; 

a business combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction; 

changes in laws or regulations; 

tax consequences to business combinations; 

exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; and 

the purchase of units by our anchor investors in our initial public offering reducing the public float of our securities
and consequently affecting trading in our securities. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the
context otherwise requires, references to: 

anchor investors are to certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors (none of which
are affiliated with any member of our management team, our sponsor or any other anchor investor); 

byNordic Holdings are to byNordic Holdings LLC, a newly formed Delaware limited liability company formed in order to
hold founder shares and private shares the return on which are allocated to the holders of the limited liability company interests therein; 

byNordic Holdings II are to byNordic Holdings II LLC, a newly formed Delaware limited liability company formed in order
to hold founder shares and private shares the return on which are allocated to the holders of the limited liability company interests
therein; 

board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; 

Class A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

iii 

common stock are to the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and
warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

forward purchase agreement are to the agreement providing for the sale of forward purchase shares to Rothesay in a private
placement that will close concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination; 

forward purchase shares are to the shares of Class A common stock to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

forward transferee are to any third party to which Rothesay, as a forward purchaser, transfers any portion of its rights
and obligations to purchase the forward purchase shares under the forward purchase agreement; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor, byNordic Holdings and certain
of our executive officers and directors in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, a portion of which were forfeited
by byNordic Holdings followed by the issuance of an equal number of founder shares by us to byNordic Holdings II simultaneously with the
closing of our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on February 11, 2022; 

initial stockholders are to our sponsor, byNordic Holdings and certain of our executive officers and directors as the
holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering and byNordic Holdings II as the holder of the founder shares issued
by us in an amount equal to the number of founder shares forfeited to us by byNordic Holdings simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering of our securities; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

iv 

Marcum are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock issued to our sponsor, byNordic Holdings and byNordic Holdings
II in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether
they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team
to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s
and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

Registration Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC January 18, 2022 (File No. 333-248488), as amended; 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Rothesay are to Rothesay Investment SARL SPF (and/or its affiliates), a member of our sponsor and with which we have
entered into the forward purchase agreement; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

sponsor are to Water by Nordic AB, a Swedish limited liability company controlled by certain of our officers and directors; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee, at J.P. Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A. in which an amount of 175,950,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units (as defined below) in the initial public
offering and private shares was placed following the closing of the initial public offering and the closing of the exercise in full of
the over-allotment option by the underwriters; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-half of one public
warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were
purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); and 

we, us, Company or our Company are to byNordic Acquisition Corporation. 

v 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting our business combination. 

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity
in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we have focused and will continue to focus on industries that complement our
management team s background, and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business focusing
on technology growth companies in the northern part of Europe, including the Nordic and Scandinavian countries, the Baltic states, United
Kingdom and Ireland, Germany, France and the Benelux countries, where our management team has extensive experience. In particular, we
have prioritized and will continue to prioritize companies in the financial technology FinTech sector and within the northern
part of Europe where we believe there to be many potential targets, along with a secondary focus on other high-performing technology companies
in the northern part of Europe. 

Initial Public Offering 

On February 11, 2022, we consummated our initial
public offering of 15,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one-half of one redeemable warrant of
the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share.
The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 150,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the initial
public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 850,000 shares of Class A common stock to our sponsor, byNordic Holdings
and byNordic Holdings II at a purchase price of 10.00 per private share, generating gross proceeds of 8,500,000. 

We granted the underwriters in the initial public
offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, in connection with the initial
public offering. On February 18, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full by purchasing an additional 2,250,000
units, generating an additional 22,500,000 of gross proceeds to us from the initial public offering. On February 18, 2022, in connection
with the exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option in full, we completed the private sale of an additional 90,000 shares
of Class A common stock to our sponsor, byNordic Holdings and byNordic Holdings II at a purchase price of 10.00 per private share, generating
an additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the consummation
of the initial public offering and the simultaneous private placement of Class A common stock on the initial closing date that occurred
on February 11, 2022 and the gross proceeds received from the consummation of the fully exercised over-allotment option and the simultaneous
private sale of private shares on February 18, 2022, 175,950,000 was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as
trustee, at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.It is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination.
Our management team is led by Michael Hermansson, our Chief Executive Officer, Thomas Fairfield, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, Mats Karlsson, our Director of Acquisitions, Alexander Lidgren, our Director of Marketing, and Christian Merheim, our
Director of Technology. We must complete our initial business combination by May 11, 2023, 15 months from the closing of our initial public
offering (the First Termination Date ), or (x) by August 11, 2023, 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering
(the Second Termination Date ), provided that (i) our sponsor (or its affiliates or permitted designees) upon at least five
(5) business days prior written notice, deposits into the trust account on or prior to such First Termination Date, an additional 0.10
per unit offered in our initial public offering 1,725,000) in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note and (ii)
we comply with the procedures relating to any such extension, as set forth in Section 1(m) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement,
dated February 8, 2022, between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Trustee, or (y) by such further extended deadline
(the Amended Termination Date and, together with the First Termination Date and the Second Termination Date, each a Termination
Date that we may have to consummate an initial business combination beyond 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering
as a result of a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (in connection with which our stockholders
will have a right to redeem their public shares as described herein). Such additional three month extension period from the First Termination
Date to the Second Termination Date, as the same may be further extended to the Amended Termination Date as a result of the stockholder
vote, will be referred to herein as an extension period. 

If our initial business combination is not consummated
by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

1 

Industry Opportunity 

While we may acquire a business in any industry
or geographic location, our focus has been and will continue to be on the FinTech and other technology sectors in the northern part of
Europe. We believe the technology industry, particularly the FinTech sector, is attractive for a number of reasons: 

Large and Favorable Target Market . The European
FinTech industry represents a large target market, with approximately 23 billion of private capital invested in 2022, according to research
from Dealroom. We believe that, in the past several years, there has been a rise in the level of sophistication and interconnectivity
between innovative technology and financial services providers. We expect this trend to continue and potentially accelerate. Large-scale
movements in the industry include the digitization of payments, the increased prevalence of open-banking , the application
of artificial intelligence in financial services, and the development of blockchain technology, among many other innovations. 

Pace of Growth Innovation . In FinTech,
we believe the pace of innovation in the private and public sectors is robust. This activity is evident in the rise in industry research
and development spending and in the number and diversity of technological and financial innovations in the pipeline. There has been significant
disruption and change in the delivery of financial services in recent years, including, among others: 

Retail banking (e.g. mobile payments, Neo-Banks); 

Payments processing for consumers and businesses; 

Wealth management (e.g. robo advisors); 

Exchanges and trading platforms; 

Big data moving to the cloud, application programming interface APIs ), data security; and 

Digital assets and blockchain technology. 

With increased adoption of FinTech and technology
solutions by both customers and businesses, we believe that the sector is poised for continued growth in both overall market size and
penetration. 

Broad Universe of Potential Targets . We
have focused and will continue to focus our investment effort across the FinTech industry, with a secondary focus on other high-performing
technology markets. We believe that there are many potential targets within the FinTech industry that could become attractive public companies.
These potential targets exhibit a broad range of business models and financial characteristics that range from very high growth innovative
companies to more mature businesses with established franchises, recurring revenues and strong cash flows. These market dynamics are espoused
in the European market in particular. 

Our management team has extensive experience and
knowledge in several other high-performing technology sectors, including enterprise software, health technology, energy technology (Renewable
energy, energy efficiency, energy storage), transport technology (e-mobility, logistics software services, autonomous driving, Transport
as a Service) and food technology. These subsectors were all included among the top ten performing sectors, ranked by amount of investment
from 2018 through 2022, according to the State of European Tech 2022 report by Atomico, Orrick, Silicon Valley Bank and Slush. By focusing
our search for potential targets in the northern part of Europe, we leverage our existing business and investor network and knowledge
of regional business philosophies and traditions, to identify and execute a business combination. 

2 

Acquisition Strategy 

Our management team, with the assistance of our
board of directors, has been working to identify opportunities that are best positioned for our initial business combination within the
FinTech and other high-performing technology markets. Certain members of our management team have spent significant portions of their
careers working with businesses in the technology industry, and have developed a wide network of professional services contacts and business
relationships in that industry. Utilizing the relationships of the management team and board of directors as well as unaffiliated sources,
our search process includes communications with private and public companies, investment bankers, venture capitalists and private equity
firms, as well other professional services firms. 

In Europe, after a record year in 2021, both the
level of investment activity and the total exit value of technology companies began to slow down in the second half of 2022. According
to PitchBook s 2022 annual European Venture Report, total investments in the European tech ecosystem decreased from over 100 billion
in 2021 to approximately 85 billion in 2022 and total exit value from initial public offerings and direct listings decreased from approximately
 100 billion in 2021 to approximately 8 billion in 2022 with only three initial public offerings in the United States and Europe in 2022
compared to 86 in 2021. 

Despite greater macroeconomic risks arising over
the past year, including higher interest rates, inflation, geopolitical factors and capital markets volatility, we believe our structure
as a public company makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses by offering a target business an alternative
to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. 

Acquisition Criteria 

The sourcing focus has been and will continue to
be on technology and FinTech companies known to our management and board of directors and proprietary in nature. Our focus has been and
will continue to be companies with enterprise valuations below 750 million, primarily those with enterprise values between 450 million
to 750 million with the goal of identifying and completing a business combination with an enterprise that will be successful as a public
company. We have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may however, decide to enter into our
initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria or is outside of our sourcing focus. We currently
seek to acquire companies that we believe: 

have developed or are developing differentiated products or services that address unmet needs and therefore represent significant
growth opportunities serving the markets in which they operate or intend to operate; 

have developed or are developing products or services that have achieved a level of maturity such that the investment has been relatively
de-risked and can be adequately evaluated; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market based on the expertise of
our directors and officers and our rigorous sourcing and due diligence processes; 

will offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders; 

can benefit from access to public investors for additional capital as well as our industry relationships and expertise; 

are ready to be public, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; and 

will likely be well received by public investors and are expected to have good access to the public capital markets. 

3 

We may use other criteria as well. Any evaluation
relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines
as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time our management team may deem relevant. In the event that
we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business
combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we
would file with the SEC. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the
fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market
value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that
our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination,
it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business
combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of
new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test
will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business
combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

4 

Our Business Combination Process 

We believe that conducting comprehensive due diligence
on prospective investments is particularly important within the technology industries, including FinTech. In evaluating a prospective
acquisition candidate, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management,
investors and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of scientific, regulatory, operational, financial,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. We have utilized and will continue to utilize the diligence, rigor, and
expertise of our officers and directors to evaluate potential targets strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities to identify the
relative risk and return profile of any potential target for our initial business combination. Given our management team s extensive
tenure investing in northern European companies and in the technology and-in particular-the FinTech industry, we are often familiar with
a prospective target s end-market, competitive landscape and business model. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Members of our management team directly or indirectly
own our founder shares, common stock and/or private shares following our initial public offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition
to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Certain members of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or
director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors
will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, as we believe any such opportunities presented would
be smaller than what we are interested in, in different fields than what we would be interested in, or that our obligations are to entities
that are not themselves in the business of engaging in business combinations. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our officers have agreed not to become an officer
or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or
we have failed to complete our initial business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Thomas Fairfield, our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary, may become an officer or director of another special
purpose acquisition company which does not have a focus on acquiring a technology growth company in the northern part of Europe. 

5 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure as a public company makes
us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative
to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target
business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock
and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations
associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to
becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses
incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business
combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas a traditional initial public offering is always subject
to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering
from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access
to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further
benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering
(or February 11, 2022), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business combination
initially in the amount of 169,737,500, after payment of 6,037,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 175,000 of deferred legal fees
and up to 10,000,000 in gross proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase shares, in each case before fees and expenses associated
with our initial business combination and cash on deposit in the trust account that may be applied to the redemption of our Class A common
stock at the election of our shareholders, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its
owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its
debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination
of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid
to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can
be no assurance such third party financing will be available to us. 

6 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering, the private placement of the private shares, the private placement of the
forward purchase shares, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward
purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the closing of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares
issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the
cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through a
private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than, or in addition to, using the amounts held in the trust
account. We intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with solely the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private shares, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of
our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets,
our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and,
only if required by law or the applicable rules of a national securities exchange, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing.
There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
At this time, other than the forward purchase agreement, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with
respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Although our management will assess the risks inherent
in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all
risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Target business candidates may be brought to our
attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought
to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce
us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our
prospectus in connection with our initial public offering or this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers
and directors, as well as our sponsor and its affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become
aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending
trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise
necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective
industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that
specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation
to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In addition, the underwriters may provide
these services without additional compensation. We will formally engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the
use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis
with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily
tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event,
however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated,
be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the
company prior to, or in connection with any services they render in order to effectuate the completion of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Although none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination
target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers
or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business.
We pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for administrative support services and will reimburse
our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some
of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial
business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process
of an initial business combination candidate. 

7 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we,
or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior
to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination
will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted
cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics
of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value
of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board
of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may
be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount
of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination
must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility
in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business
combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
team or stockholders. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the
initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange
for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test
will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business
combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

8 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
In addition, we have focused and will continue to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize the management of
a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment
of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills,
qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the
target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more
of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of
them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that
members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business combination, we may
seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have
the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

9 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is
a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder 
 Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock
then issued and outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and
the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in issued and outstanding common shares or voting power
of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers or their affiliates may purchase shares or warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is
no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions,
subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in
such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they
will not make any such purchases if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant
to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the
funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business
combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of warrants could be to reduce the number of warrants outstanding or to vote such
warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases
of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition,
if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number
of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

10 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately
negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders
following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have
expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination,
whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other
federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases
are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule
10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be
available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases
would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section
16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, byNordic Holdings, byNordic Holdings II and our executive officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares,
the private shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination or otherwise. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of
a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding common stock or seek
to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business
combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a
stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose
to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq,
we will be required to comply with such rules. 

11 

Our anchor investors purchased approximately 84.9 
of the units offered for sale in our initial public offering. If our anchor investors vote their public shares in favor of our initial
business combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination.
The anchor investors will potentially have different interests than our other public stockholders in approving our initial business combination
and otherwise exercising their rights as public stockholders because of their ownership of our Class B common stock as further discussed
in this Report. In particular, the anchor investors would have an incentive to approve an initial business combination before the deadline
for us to complete an initial business combination because otherwise their Class B common stock will expire worthless. Since our sponsor
and byNordic Holdings either transferred or forfeited shares of our Class B common stock held by themselves without the issuance of additional
shares of Class B common stock by us, there was no additional dilutive impact on the other investors in our initial public offering from
the sale of the Class B common stock to the anchor investors. However, because our anchor investors are not obligated to continue owning
any public shares following the closing of our initial public offering and are not obligated to vote any public shares in favor of our
initial business combination, we cannot assure you that any of these anchor investors will be stockholders at the time our stockholders
vote on our initial business combination, and, if they are stockholders, we cannot assure you as to how such anchor investors will vote
on any business combination. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same
financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of
the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common
stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which
are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as
(after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial
business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and
not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the
solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

12 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if in addition to any other vote required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum
for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of issued and outstanding capital stock of the company
representing a majority of the voting power of all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such
meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, byNordic Holdings,
byNordic Holdings II and our executive officers and directors have agreed to vote the founder shares held by them and any public shares
purchased by them during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor
of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock
voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Subject to the requirements
of applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements which may require a higher vote threshold, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares and private shares and the anchor investors founder shares, we would need only 5,280,001 shares, or 30.6 , of the
17,250,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all issued
and outstanding shares are voted and assuming our sponsor, officers and directors do not purchase any public shares) in order to have
our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior
written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum
and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial
business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the
proposed transaction. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long
as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our
initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be
paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or
(iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In
the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all
shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial
Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be
applicable to our affiliates with respect to public shares they acquire in or after our initial public offering. We believe this restriction
will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to
exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase
their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public
stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption
rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other
undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering
without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our
ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that
requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our
stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

13 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption
Rights 

We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the meeting held to approve a proposed initial business combination by a date set forth
in the proxy materials mailed to such holders or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at
the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder
would have from the time we send out our proxy materials until the date set forth in such proxy materials to tender its shares if it wishes
to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares.
The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing may be different from the procedures
used by other blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank
check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could
simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in
the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering
his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to
commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business
combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may
be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate
in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such
rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the
completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

14 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial
Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we will have only 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until May 11, 2023, to complete our initial
business combination as such deadline may be extended for an additional three month period for a total of up to 18 months, or until August
11, 2023, to complete our initial business combination in connection with our sponsor or any of its affiliates or designees, upon five
business days advance notice prior to the date of the deadline for completing our initial business combination, paying an additional
 0.10 per public share into the trust account 1,725,000) in respect of such extension period on or prior to the date of the deadline
(in connection with which our stockholders will have no right to redeem their public shares), or by such other further extended deadline
that we may have to consummate an initial business combination beyond 18 months as a result of a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (in connection with which our stockholders will have a right to redeem their public shares as
described herein) (such additional three month period as the same may be further extended as a result of the stockholder vote being referred
to herein as an extension period). If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension
period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period. 

Our sponsor, byNordic Holdings, byNordic Holdings
II and our executive officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares and the private shares held by them if we fail
to complete our initial business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period. However, if they acquire public shares in
or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Our sponsor, byNordic Holdings, byNordic Holdings
II and our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common
stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided
by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption)
our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy
the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public
shares at such time. 

If we do not consummate our initial business combination
by the deadline set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with
implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 1,264,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account after completion of our initial public offering and repayment of the promissory
note to our sponsor, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient
interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not
sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest
accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000
of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

15 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private shares, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking
into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution
would be approximately 10.20 (or, if we exercise our right to make an additional deposit to the trust account in order to extend the
deadline for the consummation of our initial business combination by an additional three months, 10.30 per share). The proceeds deposited
in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of
our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially
less than 10.20 (or 10.30, if applicable). Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against
us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must
be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts,
if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. Marcum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering
will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we
have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share (or, if we exercise our right to make an additional deposit
to the trust account in order to extend the deadline for the consummation of our initial business combination by an additional three months,
 10.30 per share) and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account, if less than 10.20 per share (or 10.30 per share, if applicable) due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes
payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

16 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share (or 10.30 per share, if applicable) or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in
the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share (or 10.30 per share, if applicable). 

Upon the completion of our initial public offering
and repayment of the promissory note to our sponsor, we had approximately 1,264,000 of cash held outside the trust account. We have used
or will use these funds for (i) legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses related to identifying, evaluating, negotiating
and completing an initial business combination, (ii) legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements, (iv) administrative
support services, and (v) working capital used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. 

Any potential claims (including costs and expenses
incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000, which amount will be available
from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account) may only be paid from funds held outside of the trust account. 

Under the DGCL, our stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties with priority claims over our stockholders in the event that we do not complete our initial business combination
by May 11, 2023 as such deadline may be extended by the extension period as described herein to the extent of distributions received by
our stockholders in a dissolution resulting from our failure to complete our initial business combination by such deadline. The pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders
who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. If the corporation complies with certain procedures
set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day
notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata
share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. 

17 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be
six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of
creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably
possible following May 11, 2023 or during any extension period and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such,
our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability
of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time, that will provide for our payment of
all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because
we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target
businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective
target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could
be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust
account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are
not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share (or, if we exercise our right to make an additional deposit to the trust account in order
to extend the deadline for the consummation of our initial business combination by an additional three months, 10.30 per share) or (ii)
such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions
in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to
the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share (or 10.30
per share, if applicable) to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of
punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you
that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

18 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension
period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any
extension period, subject to applicable law. Stockholders who do not exercise their redemption rights in connection with an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would still be able to exercise their redemption rights in connection with a
subsequent business combination. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust
account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in
connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in
connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business
combination. 

Employees 

We currently have five officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to
our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on
whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process
we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common stock, and warrants are
registered under the Exchange Act, and as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports, including this Report,
contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct
an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure
you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

19 

We are required to evaluate our internal
control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be
required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to
achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the
Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current
intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the
consummation of our initial business combination unless we are unable to complete our initial business combination by May 11, 2023 or during any extension period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering
(February 11, 2022), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could
have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially
have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to (i) fund an extension of the deadline to complete our initial business combination,
(ii) provide the funds required to consummate an initial business combination that we identify, or (iii) reduce the number of stockholders
requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing
market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior
to the business combination; 

20 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established
record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated
with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

the military action in Ukraine may continue to adversely affect the business and prospects of potential targets for our business combination.
This could reduce the number of attractive targets for our business combination, increase the cost of our business combination and could
result in our inability to find a suitable target or to consummate a business combination; 

adverse market conditions resulting from default or failure of one or more financial institutions could adversely affect the business,
value or viability of companies in the European FinTech sector, which we have prioritized in our search for potential targets for a business
combination; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
and complete an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to
complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the
initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement
agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that
will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause
them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including,
for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which
may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other
than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers
and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection
with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate
for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or
regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and
results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than
the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share;
and 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time
period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on
the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The Russian invasion of Ukraine has had an immediate and
material adverse effect on financial and business conditions in Europe in a manner that could materially and adversely affect the business
and prospects of potential targets for our initial business combination. These circumstances could reduce the number of attractive targets
for our initial business combination, increase the cost of our initial business combination and delay or prevent us from completing our
initial business combination. 

On February 24, 2022, the Russian Federation launched
an invasion of Ukraine that has continued to escalate without any resolution of the invasion foreseeable in the near future with the short
and long-term impact on financial and business conditions in Europe remaining highly uncertain. The United States has been joined by the
European Union, Canada and other countries across the globe in imposing new and stricter sanctions against the Russian Federation in a
manner that has resulted in higher energy prices and higher prices for raw materials and goods and services and disruptions to supply
and distribution chains in a manner that has contributed to higher inflation. The United States, the European Union, Canada and other
countries across the globe may impose additional sanctions against the Russian Federation as the conflict continues to escalate. The impact
of the sanctions also includes disruptions to financial markets, an inability to complete financial or banking transactions, restrictions
on travel and an inability to service existing or new customers in a timely manner in the affected areas of Europe. Many multinational
corporations have exceeded what is required by the newer and stricter sanctions in reducing or terminating their business ties to the
Russian Federation. The Russian Federation could resort to cyberattacks and other action that impact businesses across Europe including
those without any direct business ties to the Russian Federation. These circumstances could have a material and adverse effect on the
business and prospects of technology companies in northern Europe which are the focus of our search for our initial business combination.
The number of attractive targets for our initial business combination could be reduced, the cost of our initial business combination may
be increased and we could experience a delay of, or inability to complete, our initial business combination. 

21 

We depend on a variety of U.S. and multi-national financial institutions
to provide us with banking services. The default or failure of one or more of the financial institutions that we rely on may adversely
affect our business and financial condition, including our ability to successfully consummate a business combination. 

We maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents
in accounts with major U.S. and multi-national financial institutions, and our deposits at certain of these institutions exceed insured
limits. Market conditions can impact the viability of these institutions. In the event of the failure of any of the financial institutions
where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely
manner or at all. Any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could adversely affect our liquidity, business and financial
condition. 

In addition, although we may pursue an acquisition
opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we have prioritized and will continue to prioritize companies
in the European FinTech sector. Any such FinTech acquisition target may also be adversely affected by market conditions that impact the
value or viability of such institutions, which may impede our ability to successfully consummate a business combination. 

We may be subject to the 1 excise tax included
in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which may decrease the value of our securities following our initial business combination and
hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

On August 16, 2022, the
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S.
federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions and economically similar transactions) of stock by publicly traded
U.S. corporations on or after January 1, 2023. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are trading on Nasdaq, we are
a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased (although it may reduce the amount of cash distributable in a current or subsequent
redemption). The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased, determined at the time of
the repurchase. Corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances by such corporation against the
fair market value of stock repurchases (or deemed repurchases) during the same taxable year to reduce or eliminate the amount of excise
tax that would otherwise apply. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the excise tax. 

On December
27, 2022, the Treasury published Notice 2023-2 as interim guidance until the publication of forthcoming proposed regulations on the excise
tax. Nevertheless, it remains uncertain whether, and/or to what extent, the excise tax could apply to redemptions of our stock, including
any redemptions in connection with a business combination, or in the event we do not consummate a business combination. 

Because the application
of the excise tax is not entirely clear, any share redemption or other share repurchase may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and
to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax will depend on a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated
as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the excise tax, (ii) the fair market value of the redemptions treated as repurchases in connection
with a business combination, (iii) the structure of a business combination and whether any such transaction closes, (iv) the nature and
amount of any private investment in public equity PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a business combination
(or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year of a business combination),
(v) whether we consummate a business combination, and (vi) the content of regulations and other guidance issued by the Treasury. Because
the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not
been determined. The foregoing could reduce the cash available to complete a business combination and inhibit our ability to complete
a business combination. 

For the complete list of risks relating to our
operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We do not own or lease any offices or physical properties but our sponsor permits us to use its offices at c/o Pir 29, Einar Hansens Esplanad
29, 211 13 Malmo, Sweden from time to time at no charge, which is adequate for our current operations. Our telephone number is +46 707
29 41. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management team, there
is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any
of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, public shares and public warrants are
each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols BYNOU, BYNO and BYNOW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 9, 2022,
and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on April 1, 2022. 

(b) Holders 

On March 24, 2023, there was one (1) holder of
record of our units, four (4) holders of record of our Class A common stock, twenty-eight (28) holders of record of our Class B common stock and one (1)
holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On February 11, 2022, we consummated our initial
public offering of 15,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one-half of one redeemable warrant of
the Company, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per whole share.
The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 150,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 850,000 shares of Class A common stock to our sponsor, byNordic
Holdings and byNordic Holdings II at a purchase price of 10.00 per private share, generating gross proceeds of 8,500,000. 

We granted the underwriters in the initial public
offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, in connection with the initial
public offering. On February 18, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full by purchasing an additional 2,250,000
units, generating an additional 22,500,000 of gross proceeds to us from the initial public offering. On February 18, 2022, in connection
with the exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option in full, we completed the private sale of an additional 90,000 shares
of Class A common stock to our sponsor, byNordic Holdings and byNordic Holdings II at a purchase price of 10.00 per private share, generating
an additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. 

23 

Of the gross proceeds received from the consummation
of the initial public offering and the simultaneous private placement of Class A common stock on the initial closing date that occurred
on February 11, 2022 and the gross proceeds received from the consummation of the fully exercised over-allotment option and the simultaneous
private sale of private shares on February 18, 2022, 175,950,000 was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as
trustee, at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government
securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, us, 
 our or we refer to byNordic Acquisition Corporation. The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included herein. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements
other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors
detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on
the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and
the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations until we consummate our business combination. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from
the proceeds of our initial public offering, the private placement of the private shares, the private placement of the forward purchase
shares, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or
backstop agreements we may enter into following the closing of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners
of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We have not selected
any specific business combination target. 

24 

The issuance of additional
shares in connection with a business combination to the owners of the target or other investors, including the forward purchase shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our public
stockholders, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of shares
of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock
if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of
shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class
A common stock and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we
issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues
after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness
even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest,
if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if
the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal
and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses,
make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

25 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from December 27, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company
for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income
of 1,160,817 which consisted of a refund of income tax penalty of 52,170 and interest earned on investments held in trust account and
cash of 2,749,881, partially offset by formation and operating costs of 1,107,889 and federal income taxes of 533,345. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had a net loss of 66,287 which consisted of formation and operating costs. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

On February 11, 2022, we completed
our Initial Public Offering of 15,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, we completed the sale of 850,000 Private Shares at a price of 10.00 per Private Share in a
private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,500,000. 

On February 18, 2022, in connection
with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 2,250,000 Units
at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating an additional 22,500,000 of gross proceeds. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an
additional 90,000 Private Shares at a price of 10.00 per Private Share, generating an additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. 

Following the Initial Public
Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 175,950,000 was placed in the
trust account. We incurred 16,724,021 in Initial Public Offering related costs, with 16,343,583 reported in temporary equity and 380,438
in equity. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 836,512. Net income of 1,160,817 was affected by interest earned and unrealized gain
on investments in the trust account of 2,141,392 and 604,902, respectively. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 748,965
of cash for operating activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021 cash used in operating activities was 50,000. Net loss of 66,287 was offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities
that provided 16,287 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had marketable securities held in the trust account of 178,686,634 consisting of money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S.
Treasury securities. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we
have withdrawn 9,660 of interest earned on the trust account for the payment of franchise or income taxes. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable),
to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of
the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

26 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 936,061 held outside the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily for (i)
legal, due diligence, travel and other expenses related to identifying, negotiating and completing a business combination, (ii)
legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements, (iii) administrative expenses, and (iv) working capital used
for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. We believe that our cash held outside of the trust account, together with interest earned
on the trust account and available for withdrawal to pay taxes, will be sufficient to fund our cash needs (exclusive of amount
required to exercise any extension right) through the mandatory liquidation of the Company if it fails to complete a business
combination by May 11, 2023. However, if the business combination period is extended beyond May 11, 2023, we would need to obtain
additional financing to fund our cash needs during any such extension period, including 1,725,000 required to be deposited in the
trust account at the time of the initial three month extension and working capital to pay our operating costs during any extension
period, including expenses relating to our business acquisition activities, ongoing corporate and administrative expenses, and the
costs of any further extension of the period to complete a business combination beyond the end of the initial extension period on
August 11, 2023. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient funds to continue its operations until completion of a business
combination, we would be forced to cease operations and liquidate. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to
complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon
consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
business combination. 

In order to fund any working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, including any amount needed to fund the extension
of the deadline to complete a business combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the
event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans
may be converted upon completion of a business combination into shares of the Class A common stock at a price of 10.00 per share, at
the option of the lender. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to complete a business
combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has until May 11,
2023 or the end of any extension period to consummate a business combination (discussed above). It is uncertain that the Company will
be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by May 11, 2023 or during any
extension period, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts
of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 11, 2023 or at the end of any extension period. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement pay the Sponsor a total
of 10,000 per month for administrative support services. We began incurring these fees on February 8, 2022 and will continue to incur
these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO and exercise of the over-allotment option, or 6,037,500,
upon the completion of the Company s business combination. The Company s former legal counsel agreed to defer legal fees in
the amount of 175,000, which is payable (without interest) upon and concurrently with the completion of a business combination. 

27 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We describe our significant
accounting policies in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Financial Statements included in this report.
Our audited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Certain of our accounting policies require that the
Company s management apply significant judgments in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates. On an
ongoing basis, the Company s management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our
financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing
contracts, industry trends and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. However, by their nature, judgments are subject
to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and, therefore, actual results could differ from our estimates. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not required for smaller reporting
companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This information appears following
Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying
Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report due to the material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for certain deferred contingent transaction
costs. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that the financial statements included in this Form
10-K were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial
statements included in this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows for the period presented. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying
Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives,
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for accrued, deferred or contingent expenses and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process
by enhancing access to accounting literature, identifying third-party professionals with whom to consult on complex questions regarding
accounting for accrued, deferred or contingent expenses, and improving the processes for sharing, approving and evaluating contractual
arrangements and invoices related to accrued, deferred or contingent expenses. 

28 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2. 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

3. 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over
financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as
described above and elsewhere in this Report, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report, our directors and
officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jonas Olsson 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Michael Hermansson 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Thomas Fairfield 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 
 
 Mats Karlsson 
 
 58 
 
 Director of Acquisition 
 
 Alexander Bigge Lidgren 
 
 51 
 
 Director of Marketing 
 
 Christian Merheim 
 
 50 
 
 Director of Technology 
 
 Anna Yukiko Bickenbach 
 
 38 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Anders Norlin 
 
 57 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Fredrik Elmberg 
 
 62 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Steven Wasserman 
 
 61 
 
 Independent Director 

The experience of our directors and executive officers
is as follows: 

Jonas Olsson has served as our Chairman
of the Board since inception. Mr. Olsson has more than 30 years of global operating experience stemming from his various roles with fashion
conglomerate Hennes Mauritz AB H M ). Currently, Mr. Olsson is a global controller of H M. Mr. Olsson began
his career in 1988 at H M in Sweden as an operative controller. Within one year, Mr. Olsson rose to become financial manager of H M
Germany, a position he held for nine years. In 1994, he also became the chief financial officer of H M Austria. Over the course of
the next twenty years, he served as a member of H M s expansion team, leading efforts in management, finance, and controlling
in twelve different countries across four continents. Working in Austria, Japan, South Korea, the Baltics, United States, and Chile, Mr.
Olsson built out infrastructure to support growth along with financial stability. Mr. Olsson was also responsible for management and operational
planning in some of H M s most profitable and fastest-growing national businesses such as Germany, Denmark, and Poland. In 2014,
he joined the global controlling group of H M, where he helps lead oversight of all ten H M brands. Mr. Olsson attended an MBA
program in International Business at Lund University from 1981 to 1985. Mr. Olsson is well qualified to serve as a director due to his
extensive industry and management experience. 

Michael Hermansson has served as our Chief
Executive Officer since March 2020. Mr. Hermansson has a 35-year long career with top management positions in international corporations.
Mr. Hermansson has been chief executive officer of numerous growth and turn-around companies owned by private equity firms such as Triton
Investments Advisers LLP and Nordic Capital and their related funds. Mr. Hermansson started his career in the 1980 s with several
director positions with Sandvik AB in Latin America as well as in several European countries. Mr. Hermansson has been the chairman of
the board of Learning 2 Sleep L2S AB since June 2019, the chairman of the board of Vevios AB since November 2019 and a board member of
Framtix Holding AB since June 2019. He was also the chief executive officer of AdderaCare AB from January 2016 to September 2019. From
2014 to 2015, Mr. Hermansson served as chief executive officer of Saferoad Group, a European market leader in road safety infrastructure
products. At Saferoad Group, he led several acquisitions, refinanced the company and initiated the exit process which later led to the
2017 IPO of the company. From 2004 to 2013, he served as the chief executive officer of GCE Group, a global leader in gas control technologies
for medical equipment, industrial applications, semiconductor manufacturing and other applications. At GCE Group, he managed the divestiture
process for private equity owner Triton Equity Partners, ultimately delivering a very favorable cash return. Mr. Hermansson remained with
the company under its new primary owner, Argan Capital, as chief executive officer of the group until 2013. Mr. Hermansson received a
bachelor s degree in finance and accounting from University of Gothenburg. 

30 

Thomas Fairfield , our Chief Financial Officer,
Chief Operating Officer and Secretary, has been providing strategic business consulting services through Cambio Group LLC Cambio that he founded and has owned since July 2018 and Deucalion Partners, LLC, a recently formed advisory services company for which Mr. Fairfield
serves as Chief Operating Officer. In connection with recent Cambio engagements, Mr. Fairfield served as Chief Restructuring Officer of
Rhino Resource Partners LP Rhino ), an energy company, from May 2020 through the effective date of the plan of liquidation
in Rhino s Chapter 11 bankruptcy in February 2021 and as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of managers
of Journey Group Acquisition Co., LLC, a death care services company, since October 2018. Mr. Fairfield served as a member of the board
of managers of Casablanca Holdings GP LLC, a holding company for Apple Leisure Group, a hospitality and travel services company, from
May 2020 to December 2020 and has been a member of the board of managers of Family Services Holdings, LLC, a death care services company,
since June 2021. Prior to starting Cambio, Mr. Fairfield served as chief operating officer of WMIH Corp. from May 2015 to July 2018 and
as a director from May 2015 to June 2017. WMIH Corp., which is now known as Mr. Cooper Group Inc. (NASDAQ: COOP), focused on identifying
and consummating an accretive acquisition transaction across a broad array of industries, with a primary focus on the financial institutions
sector. During his tenure at WMIH Corp., Mr. Fairfield was involved in leading the company s efforts to acquire Nationstar Mortgage
Holdings Inc. which provides quality servicing, origination and transaction-based services related principally to single-family residences
throughout the United States. Prior to joining WMIH Corp., from March 2006 to May 2015, Mr. Fairfield held various officer positions with
Capmark Financial Group Inc. Capmark ), a commercial real estate finance and services company. While at Capmark, he held
the positions of chief operating officer, general counsel, secretary, and, most recently, served as executive vice president from November
2014 to May 2015. In addition, Mr. Fairfield served as a director of Capmark from September 2011 to June 2017. He also served as a director
of various privately-owned subsidiaries of Capmark from September 2011 to February 2020. During his tenure at Capmark, the company filed
for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in October 2009 and emerged in September 2011. In addition to taking a leading role in guiding Capmark out of
bankruptcy, Mr. Fairfield assisted in Capmark s acquisition of Bluestem Brands, Inc. Bluestem ), a company operating
multiple direct to consumer multi-channel retail brands offering a broad selection of merchandise and credit options to consumers, after
which the company was renamed. From January 2020 to August 2020, he returned to serve on the board of Bluestem, which filed for Chapter
11 bankruptcy in March 2020. Prior to 2006, Mr. Fairfield practiced law for more than twenty years at several prominent international
law firms, where his practice focused on general corporate and securities law, mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, and financial
services. He also served as a director and a member of the audit committee of Courtagen Life Sciences Inc., a privately-held company focused
on genetic testing from April 2015 to July 2017 and The Cash Store Financial Services Inc., a retail loan products and services provider,
from August 2013 to April 2014. Mr. Fairfield has a Juris Doctorate degree from Georgetown University Law Center and a B.S.F.S. from Georgetown
University. He is admitted to the bar of the states of Connecticut, Pennsylvania, New York, and the District of Columbia, and is a member
of the American Bar Association. 

Mats Karlsson has served as our Director
of Acquisition since March 2020. Mr. Karlsson is a serial entrepreneur from Sweden with more than 25 years of management experience and
a number of successful investments and exits. Mr. Karlsson is the owner and has been the chief executive officer of Vendere AB, a family
office, since January 2005. From August 2012 to February 2019, he was the chief executive officer and a board member of Wattguard Holding
AB, a university spin-off that later became a portfolio company of the Swedish Energy Agency. Wattguard Holdling AB was liquidated in
an orderly manner pursuant to a voluntary bankruptcy petition filed with the relevant governmental authority in Sweden on February 28,
2019. The bankruptcy liquidator/trustee completed the administration of the bankruptcy and liquidation proceedings for Wattguard Holding
AB on December 16, 2019. He served as the chief marketing officer of IT Assign AB from August 2001 to April 2002, and as the chief executive
officer of Bluewave AB, both of which companies were Swedish subsidiaries of Maersk Data, AP M ller, a large Danish business conglomerate
with activities in the transport, logistics and energy sectors. After helping to lead Maersk s sale of Maersk Data to the International
Business Machines Corporation (IBM) in 2004, Mr. Karlsson became the chief marketing officer and co-owner of Tactel, a mobile technology
software development company that was later sold in 2009 to private equity fund FSN Capital III. Mr. Karlsson received his Executive MBA
from M-Gruppen. 

Alexander Bigge Lidgren has
served as our Director of Marketing since March 2020. Mr. Lidgren, is a serial entrepreneur from Sweden with a strong track record also
of investing. Since February 2023 Mr. Lidgren has been a director of Cleantech for Nordics, a coalition of Nordic investors seeking to
engage policymakers in efforts to advance cleantech innovation and growth in the Nordic region. Since December 2020 Mr. Lidgren has been
a member of the board of Almi Invest Greenetch AB which is the greentech arm of Almi Invest, a Swedish Venture Capital company. Mr. Lidgren
most recently was a managing director of Loudspring Oyj (HSLE: LOUD), a publicly-listed venture capital accelerator. During his tenure
at Loudspring, the company invested into, among others, Plugsurfing GmbH, an electric car charging network aggregator. Plugsurfing was
later acquired by Fortum Oyj in 2018, and delivered a favorable return on investment. Mr. Lidgren also managed the partial sales of Loudspring s
investment into Enersize Oyj (OM: ENERS), a Finnish industrial energy efficiency firm. Prior to Loudspring, he was a portfolio manager
from 2012 to 2014 at the Swedish Energy Agency. Before his time at the SEA, Mr. Lidgren was a co-founder and managing director of an investor
membership network, Cleantech Scandinavia, from 2006 to 2012, where he sourced more than 700 investments within the Nordic cleantech industry
on behalf of more than 100 global venture capital investors. In 2004, Mr. Lidgren co-founded Bokks AB, a digital signage systems company,
which was later sold to MultiQ International AB in 2007. Mr. Lidgren received a Bachelor of Science in Business administration in 1997
and a Master of Science in Environmental Management and Policy from Lund University in 2005. 

31 

Christian Merheim has served as our Director
of Technology since March 2020. Mr. Merheim has a broad and extensive experience in FinTech, technology, communications, and business
development. Mr. Merheim started his career in the technology industry, founding a number of high-tech start-ups covering video over IP
(Bokks AB), parallel computing (Mitrionics AB), and advanced image processing (Westpot AB). Mr. Merheim has been serving on the board
of Enersize Oyj from July 2016 to December 2019, where he managed the IPO of Enersize Oyj, a Finnish industrial energy efficiency firm
using IoT. He has been the co-owner of Grimer Holding AB since April 2015 and a board member of Troberg Trading Heavy Equipment AB since
January 2015. He was a deputy board member of Airdev AB, a subsidiary of Enersize Qyj, from December 2018 to September 2019. He was the
chairman of the board of Enersize Advanced Research AB, a subsidiary of Enersize Qyj, from November 2017 to April 2019. He also served
as a board member of Nuuka Oyj from June 2017 to July 2018. Since 2015 he has served as a consultant in technology development, financing
and business development for various start-up and growth companies. He entered into FinTech and blockchain technology in 2012 when he
co-founded Cryex Group AB and raised a seed financing for the company. He was the chief strategy officer of Cryex Group AB from January
to June 2015. Mr. Merheim s work at Cryex involved preparation of regulatory filings for PSD payments and MIFID settlement permits
with SWE-FSA as well as designing integration with international legacy banking systems such as SWIFT and SEPA. Mr. Merheim received his
M.Sc in Engineering from Lund University in 1998. 

Anna Yukiko Bickenbach has served as our
Director since inception. Ms. Bickenbach has a wide network within the German tech and FinTech community which will bring in deal flow
opportunities through the main German tech hubs as well as directly from her network of German and international tech entrepreneurs and
investors. Ms. Bickenbach has been Field Marketing Manager at Planet Labs Inc., a satellite data and insight provider with the world s
largest fleet of earth image satellites (currently merging with NYSE:DMYQ) since September 2021. She has previously been serving as the
event and program manager for the Worldchangers in Tech and Proptech Innovation Summit at the GERMANTECH Foundation
from October 2019 to September 2021. From February 2012 to August 2019, she worked as an impact manager for Mobile Economy GmbH, one of
Europe s leading green innovation network for investors, entrepreneurs and large corporations. From May 2018 to May 2019 she was
also the marketing project manager for Avesu GmbH, a producer of vegan shoes where she has coordinated their European market strategy
as well as facilitate partnership networks, including partners such as Peta, BKK-BVita, Provita. She was also country manager for fast
growing foodtech start-up ResQ Club Oy during their German market introduction from July 2016 to January 2017. In 2013 she co-founded
Ecotastic GmbH and was its chief sales and brand officer until February 2016, the company behind the eco loyalty reward Ecotastic mobile
app. Between 2009 to 2011, she worked for the assisting chair of the agricultural economics faculty and the assisting chair in economics
of horticultural production at Humboldt Univerit t. From 2009 to 2010, she acted as an editor for ko-Institute e.V, Institute
for Applied Ecology with publications in 2010 in the areas of impact evaluation and climate change at Copenhagen Talks 2010. She earned
a double bachelor s degree in political science and in international studies with a minor in German from the University of Washington,
Seattle, in 2008. She also has a master s degree in Integrated Natural Resource Management from the Humboldt Univerit t in
Berlin in 2011. Ms. Bickenbach is well qualified to serve as a director due to her entrepreneurship and extensive experience in a wide
range of European tech sectors. 

Anders Norlin has served as our Director
since inception. Mr. Norlin is currently head of the Nordics Baltics operations of Tenity, a global innovation ecosystem and early-stage
investor focused on Fintech. In addition to his role at Tenity, Mr. Norlin serves as a senior adviser to early-stage Nordic tech and Fintech
companies. Mr. Norlin was the chief executive officer of a Swedish FinTech hub, Findec from April 2019 to August 2021. Mr. Norlin is currently
advising Nordic tech and fintech scale-ups as a senior advisor. Findec is a membership organization for FinTech growth companies and arranges
accelerator and growth programs, networking events, and facilitates collaborations within the Nordic FinTech, regtech, insuretech and
blockchain industries. The organization works in partnership with, among others, Nordea and PricewaterhouseCoopers PwC ),
as well as other international FinTech hubs. Through his work and position within the FinTech industry, Mr. Norlin has an extensive network
with FinTech investors, entrepreneurs, and companies as well as with legacy financial institutions through which the company with be able
to access deal flow opportunities. From August 2017 to August 2019, Mr. Norlin was a partner of Embassy House, a co-working space housing
70 companies focused on FinTech, property technology proptech ), Software-as-a-Service SaaS ), gaming and
blockchain technology. Mr. Norlin has been a partner at Coach Capital, a venture capital fund with a focus on cleantech and information
and communications technologies (ICT) since January 2008. Between January 2013 and December 2016, Mr. Norlin served as an investment manager
at Frame Invest, a private equity investor with a focus on B2B companies primarily within IT. From January 2002 to December 2007, Mr.
Norlin served as investment manager at Traction, a Swedish private equity investment company listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm. In his role
as investment manager at Traction, he served as a member of the board at several portfolio companies. Mr. Norlin holds a master of science
in industrial management mechanical engineering from Chalmers University of Technology and a degree in advanced marketing communication
from Berghs School of Communication. Our management team believes that Mr. Norlin is well qualified to serve as a director due to his
extensive experience within private equity technology investments as well as his deep knowledge of, and central position within, Nordic
FinTech. 

32 

Fredrik Elmberg has served as one of our
directors since February 2022. Since 2009 he owns and operates, Lejonet Invest GMBH, his own German based Investment company with investments
in food beverage, Sport-Tech, consumer goods and entertainment. From September 2016 he has been board member in Snow making equipment
manufacturer SnowHow GMBH. From December 2014 until its sale in September 2019, he was chairman of the board in consumer loyalty program
provider Ventum GMBH. From January 2014, he has been board member of European Convenience food GMBH providing deep frozen snacks. From
August 2013 until its sale in May 2015 he was chairman of the board of water purification company, Aquavital GMBH. From April 2015 to
2017 he has been board member in CoXa Carry, a sports utility company. From July 2009 he has been Chairman of Boda Borg Europe AB and
board member of Boda Borg Corp., and since Nov 2018 board member of Boda Borg Z rich AG. Boda Borg is an international group of owned
and franchise based experience centers. From March 2008 he has been chairman of the board ngeln premium Products GMBH, a frozen
delicacy provider on the German market, until the company was sold in Feb 2022. All the companies above are portfolio holdings of his
own investment company Lejonet Invest GMBH. From 2010 to its sale in 2013 he was board member in leading German roller shutter and doors
manufacturer Alukon GMBH. From 2010 to its sale to Sulzer AG in 2012, he was board member of Geka Brush GMBH, a cosmetic brush manufacturer,
and from 2007 to its sale to in 2010 he was board member in Lysell GMBH Co, KG, a German chilled food producer. From 2003 to 2007
he was CEO and co-owner of home automation company Rademacher Ger te which was successfully divested to Nord Holding Group. From
2001 to 2003 he acted as Senior partner for private Equity fund Arcadia. From 1997 to 2001 he was CEO of Swiss Chocolate maker Lindt 
Spr ngli (SWX:LISN) in Austria and part of Eastern Europe. From 1994 to 1997 he was CEO for M venpick Global Branded Consumer
Goods. Mr. Elmberg received a diploma in International Business Administration from Lund University in 1985 and was awarded a MBA with
three major scholarships from Harvard Business School in June 1987. Mr. Elmberg is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive
experience from company management as well as his experience from investments and acquisitions. 

Steven M. Wasserman has served as one of
our directors since February 2022. Mr. Wasserman has been a principal in MSP Sports Capital, LP., an investment fund specializing in professional
sports businesses, since 2019. He served as Vice Chairman of The Roosevelt Investment Group, Inc. an investment advisory firm, from 2018
to 2021 and was previously Chief Executive Officer of Seaport Investment Management, LLC, an investment management firm, from 2014 to
2018 and helped Seaport develop new investment strategies during his tenure. Since 2017, Mr. Wasserman has been a senior advisor to a
New York based hedge fund with respect to special situations/credit opportunity investments and has also been an advisor to BlockWorks
Group, LLC, a blockchain/cryptocurrency communications company. From 2011 to 2014 he was Senior Managing Director of the Beige Group,
LLC, a family office where he was responsible for identifying, analyzing and executing investment opportunities. Mr. Wasserman has been
an advisor to our company since 2019 and previously was Chief Executive Officer of Alpha Acquisition Corp, a special purpose acquisition
company, from 2008 to 2010. He has also served as an advisor to various other special purpose acquisition companies including, but not
limited to, Energy Infrastructure Acquisition Corp., Seanergy Acquisition Corp., and Starbulk Acquisition Corp. From 2004 to 2008, Mr.
Wasserman also served as the managing partner of AMT Ventures LLC, an entity primarily engaged in public and private equity and debt investments
on a principal basis. During his tenure AMT portfolio investments included: Ktech Corporation, a provider of technical support services,
scientific and engineering services and management expertise to a variety of government defense and industry clients; Nanodetex Corporation,
a leader in lab-on-chip (LOC) platform technologies for gas phase chemical analysis and explosive detection; Agent Science Technologies
Incorporated, a provider of neural information management software solutions to the defense industry; and Link One, LLC, a technology
transfer advisory group to Los Alamos National Laboratory. Mr. Wasserman is also a licensed attorney. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We currently have five directors. Our board of
directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term
of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Anders Norlin and Anna Yukiko Bickenbach, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Jonas Olsson, Fredrik Elmberg and Steven Wasserman,
will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of
a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant
Secretaries and such other officers as may be determined by the board of directors. 

33 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the
Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require
that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board
of directors. Fredrik Elmberg, Anders Norlin and Steven Wasserman serve as members of our audit committee, and Fredrik Elmberg chairs
the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the
audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Fredrik Elmberg, Anders Norlin and Steven Wasserman meets the independent director
standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Fredrick Elmberg qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged
by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but
not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal
quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such
issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered
public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports
that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards
or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of
the board of directors. Fredrik Elmberg, Steven Wasserman and Anna Yukiko Bickenbach serve as members of our compensation committee. Under
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all
of whom must be independent. Fredrik Elmberg, Steven Wasserman and Anna Yukiko Bickenbach are independent and Fredrik Elmberg chairs the
compensation committee. 

34 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluations; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers
and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated
above, other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months, for administrative support services and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or
other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly,
it is likely that, prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible
for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business
combination. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee
though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board
of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly
selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate
in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Fredrik Elmberg, Anders Norlin, Anna Yukiko Bickenbach and Steven Wasserman.
In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we
do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate
a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

35 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, or in the
past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as
exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at
 www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose
any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with
the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain
reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers, directors
and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. We pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for administrative support services. Upon completion of our
initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s
fee, advisory fee, reimbursement or consulting fee, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our
sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments,
we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers
for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount
of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be
responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended
to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it
is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with
us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

36 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 11, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named
below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially
owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based
on 23,940,000 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 18,190,000 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 5,750,000 shares of
our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of April 11, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, holders of the shares of Class
A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock
are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 
 of 
Outstanding 
 Common 
 Stock 
 
 Water by Nordic AB (2) 
 940,000 
 5.2 
 4,440,720 
 77.2 
 22.5 
 
 byNordic Holdings LLC 
 275,000 
 1.5 
 1,267,912 
 22.1 
 6.4 
 
 byNordic Holdings II LLC 
 195,000 
 1.1 
 899,065 
 15.6 
 4.6 
 
 Jonas Olsson (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael Hermansson (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Christian Merheim (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mats Karlsson (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Alexander Bigge Lidgren (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Anders Norlin (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fredrik Elmberg (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Anna Yukiko Bickenbach (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Thomas Fairfield 
 - 
 - 
 66,729 
 1.2 
 0.3 
 
 Steven Wasserman 
 - 
 - 
 133,460 
 2.3 
 0.6 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (10 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 200,189 
 3.5 
 0.83 
 
 Other 5 Stockholders 

Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. (4) 
 1,485,000 
 8.2 
 112,500 
 2.0 
 6.7 
 
 Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P. (5) 
 1,485,000 
 8.2 
 112,500 
 2.0 
 6.7 
 
 Atalaya Capital Management LP (6) 
 1,310,512 
 7.2 
 112,500 
 2.0 
 5.9 
 
 D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. (7) 
 1,485,000 
 8.2 
 112,500 
 2.0 
 6.7 
 
 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (8) 
 1,489,978 
 8.2 
 - 
 - 
 6.2 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Pir 29, Einar Hansens Esplanad 29, 211 13 Malm , Sweden. 

37 

(2) Includes shares for which our sponsor is the record holder together with shares held of record by byNordic Holdings, which our sponsor
may be deemed to beneficially own as the sole member of byNordic Manager LLC, the manager of byNordic Holdings together with shares held
of record by byNordic Holdings II, which our sponsor may be deemed to beneficially own as the sole member of byNordic Manager LLC, the
manager of byNordic Holdings II. Each of Jonas Olsson, Michael Hermansson, Mats Karlsson and Joachim Cato are the managing members of
our sponsor, and as such, each have voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by our sponsor and
may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial
ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(3) Each of these individuals holds a direct or indirect interest in our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership
of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2022, Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P., Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd.,
and Robin Shah acquired 1,485,000 shares of Class A common stock. The business address for each of the reporting persons is 810 Seventh
Avenue, Suite 1905, New York, NY 10019. 

(5) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P., Apollo SPAC Management I, L.P., Apollo SPAC Management
I GP, LLC, Apollo Capital Management, L.P., Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, Apollo Management Holdings, L.P., and Apollo Management
Holdings GP, LLC acquired 1,485,000 shares of Class A common stock. The business address for each of the reporting persons is 9 W. 57th
Street, 43rd Floor, New York, New York 10019. 

(6) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, Atalaya Special Purpose Investment Fund II LP (ASPIF II), ACM ASOF VII (Cayman)
Holdco LP (ASOF), ACM Alamosa (Cayman) Holdco LP (Alamosa), Atalaya Capital Management LP (ACM), Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund, Ltd. (CEOF),
Corbin Capital Partners GP LLC (CCPG) and Corbin Capital Partners, L.P. (CCP) acquired 1,485,000 shares of Class A common stock. The business
address for each of ASPIF II, ASOF, Alamosa and ACM is One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10020. The business address for
each of CEOF, CCPG and CCP is 590 Madison Avenue, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

(7) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 22, 2022, D.E. Shaw Valence Porfolios, L.L.C., D.E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., D.E. Shaw
 Co., L.P., and David E. Shaw acquired 1,485,000 shares of Class A Common stock. The business address for each of the reporting persons
is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

(8) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 2, 2023, Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired 1,489, 978 shares of Class A common
stock. The business address for Highbridge Capital Management LLC is 277 Park Avenue, 23 rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

38 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In February 2020, our sponsor paid an
aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 2,875,000
founder shares. In February 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.5 shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding,
resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares (up to an aggregate of 562,500 of which were subject to
forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised). On November 17, 2021, we
effected a stock dividend of 1/3 of a share for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in our sponsor, byNordic
Holdings and certain of our executive officers and directors holding an aggregate of 5,750,000 Founder Shares. Simultaneously with
the closing of our initial public offering, byNordic Holdings forfeited 899,065 founder shares, and byNordic Holdings II purchased
899,065 founder shares from us, at a purchase price of approximately 0.0043 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the
company of 25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was
determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. The number of
founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 25 of the outstanding shares
after our initial public offering (including in such calculation any forward purchase shares issued pursuant to the forward purchase
agreement but excluding from such calculation the private shares, any shares of Class A common stock issued to our sponsor or its
affiliates upon the conversion of working capital loans, any securities issued or issuable to any seller in an initial business
combination and any shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants (referred to herein as the excluded shares)). The founder shares
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder. Our initial stockholders collectively own approximately 23.3 of our common stock
after giving effect to our initial public offering on February 11, 2022 and the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option in full on February 18, 2022, in each case through ownership of the founder shares and private shares (assuming they did not
purchase any units in our initial public offering and including in such calculation the private shares and any forward purchase
shares issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement but excluding from such calculation the excluded shares other than the
private shares). As a result of the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, none of the 5,750,000
outstanding founder shares are subject to forfeiture. 

The anchor investors (none of which are affiliated
with any member of our management team, our sponsor or any other anchor investor) purchased approximately 146.4 million of the units
which is approximately 84.9 of the units in our initial public offering at the public offering price after giving effect to the exercise
by the underwriters in full of the over-allotment option. Further, the anchor investors entered into a separate letter agreement with
us and our sponsor and byNordic Holdings pursuant to which the anchor investors purchased, simultaneously with the completion of our
initial public offering on February 11, 2022, an aggregate of 1,109,091 founder shares held by our sponsor and byNordic Holdings on a
pro rata basis according to the number of founder shares held by each of our sponsor (after deducting certain shares held for the benefit
of officers and directors) and byNordic Holdings (or, in the alternative, our sponsor and byNordic Holdings forfeited the relevant number
of founder shares to us in order for us to issue the same number of founder shares to the anchor investor). The negotiations between us,
our sponsor and byNordic Holdings and each anchor investor were separate and there are no arrangements or understandings among the anchor
investors with regard to voting, including voting with respect to our initial business combination other than with respect to the voting
of their founder shares as described below. 

Rothesay, which is a member of our sponsor, has
agreed, pursuant to a forward purchase agreement entered into with us, to purchase up to 1,000,000 forward purchase shares at 10.00 per
share for gross proceeds up to 10,000,000 in a private placement that will occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial business
combination. Rothesay s purchase of forward purchase shares pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be subject to the approval
of Rothesay s investment committee or other committee with decision-making authority to purchase the number of forward purchase
shares approved by such committee and the other closing conditions set forth in the forward purchase agreement. Rothesay has the right
to transfer all or a portion of its rights and obligation to purchase the forward purchase shares to forward transferees, subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws. Any such forward transferee will be subject to the same terms and conditions under the forward purchase
agreement. The forward purchase shares will be identical to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the units being sold in our
initial public offering, except that they will be subject to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. The funds from the
sale of the forward purchase shares will be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination and any
excess funds will be used for working capital in the post-transaction company. This commitment is independent of the percentage of stockholders
electing to redeem their public shares and is intended to provide us with a minimum funding level for the initial business combination. 

39 

On February 11, 2022, our sponsor, byNordic Holdings
and byNordic Holdings II purchased, pursuant to their respective securities purchase agreements entered into with us, 850,000 private
shares in the aggregate at 10.00 per share for gross proceeds of 8,500,000 in the aggregate in a private placement that occurred concurrently
with the consummation of our initial public offering. On February 18, 2022, in connection with the exercise by the underwriters of the
over-allotment option in full in the initial public offering of the units, we completed the private sale of an additional 90,000 shares
of Class A common stock to our sponsor, byNordic Holdings and byNordic Holdings II at a purchase price of 10.00 per private share, generating
an additional 900,000 of gross proceeds. The proceeds from the sale of the private shares were added to the net proceeds from the closing
of our initial public offering to the extent necessary to be held in the trust account. The holders of the private shares will not have
any right to amounts held in the trust account as holders of the private shares. The private shares may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month
for administrative support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these
monthly fees. 

Other than the foregoing, no compensation of any
kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us
to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered
in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However,
these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our
sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers,
directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no
cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

A portion of the offering expenses have been paid
from the proceeds of loans from our sponsor of up to 500,000 as described in the Registration Statement. As of December 31, 2021, we
had borrowed 443,094 under the promissory note evidencing the loans, which have been applied to pay a portion of the expenses of our
initial public offering. The promissory note was repaid in full upon the closing of our initial public offering. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required. If we complete an initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at a price of 10.00 per
share at the option of the lender. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as
we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds
in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be
up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into indemnification agreements
with each of our officers and directors a form of which was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. These agreements require
us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their
service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. 

40 

We have entered into registration rights agreements
with respect to the founder shares, the private shares, the shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of working capital
loans (if any), the forward purchase shares and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion
of the founder shares. 

Related Party Policy 

We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to
avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the
appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest
situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving
the company. A form of the code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. 

In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a
written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions.
An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required
in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without
a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction.
A form of the audit committee charter was filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. We also require each of our directors and
executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have
agreed, in a letter agreement, not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
byNordic Holdings, byNordic Holdings II or our officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained
an opinion from independent investment banking firm or from another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our
initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements,
consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate,
the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments
have been or will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds
of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of up to 500,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational
expenses; 

Payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 15 months plus the three-month extension period if applicable plus any additional
extension period, for administrative support services; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination;
and 

Repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into shares of our Class A common stock, at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. 

Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

41 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our board of directors has determined that Anders Norlin, Anna Yukiko Bickenbach, Fredrik Elmberg and Steven Wasserman are
 independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees
consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit
of our annual financial statements and review of the financial information included in the Registration Statement totaled approximately
 102,000 and 65,360 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit
fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are
not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not incur any audit-related fees payable to Marcum. 

Tax Fees . We paid Marcum
 9,909 and 13,390, for tax services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees . We
did not pay Marcum for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the pricing of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our
audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

42 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial
 Statements 

Page
 No. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-22 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

43 

BYNORDIC
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-22 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of byNordic Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of byNordic Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph - Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1, the Company has until May 11, 2023 to complete an initial business combination. Should the Company be unable to complete a
business combination by this date, it will be required to raise additional capital in order to extend its mandatory termination date to
at least August 11, 2023 and fund any ongoing operations of the business thereafter. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

New York, NY 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

BYNORDIC
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Balance
Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 - 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Commitments and Contingencies and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs 

Taxes payable 

Deferred taxes payable 
 
 - 

Promissory note related party 
 - 

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred legal fee 
 
 - 

Deferred underwriters discount 
 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and none shares at redemption value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

- 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (excluding 17,250,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 
 
 - 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Commitments and Contingencies and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

BYNORDIC
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Statements
of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative support fees 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise taxes 
 
 - 

Insurance 
 
 - 

Listing and filing fees 
 
 - 

Other operating costs 
 
 - 
 
 Formation costs 
 - 

Total loss from operations 

Other income: 

Refund of income tax penalty 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized gains and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account and cash 
 
 - 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

- 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

- 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock (1)(2) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock

(1) 

(2) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

BYNORDIC
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Statements
of Changes in Stockholders EQUITY (DEFICIT) for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock (1) 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Sale of private placement shares 

Excess of fair value of anchor investor 

Sale of Class B founder shares 

Offering costs allocated to public warrants and private placement shares 

Remeasurement of redeemable shares under ASC 480-10-S99 

Reclassification adjustment 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

(5,337,9383) 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 5 

BYNORDIC
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

StatementS
of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Deferred taxes payable 

Taxes payable 

Due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Withdrawal from trust account 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of cost 

Proceeds from private placement 

Proceeds from sale of common stock to initial stockholders 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Payment of promissory note to related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of year 

Cash End of year 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting commission 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Other offering costs in temporary equity 

Deferred offering costs charged to Additional paid-in capital 

Deferred legal fee 

Excess fair value of anchor investor 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 6 

BYNORDIC
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 

units (the Units 
and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ). Each Unit
consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share (the Class A Common Stock ), and
one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (a Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to
purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for per share. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of . 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Private
Shares at a price of per Private Share in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Water by Nordic AB (the
 Sponsor ), byNordic Holdings LLC byNordic Holdings and byNordic Holdings II LLC byNordic Holdings
II ). Both byNordic Holdings and byNordic Holdings II are affiliates of the Sponsor. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 18, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment
option by purchasing an additional Units, consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock and redeemable warrants
generating additional gross proceeds of to the Company and bringing the total gross proceeds of the IPO to .
In connection with the exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option in full, the Company completed the sale of an additional
 Private Shares to the Sponsor, byNordic Holdings and byNordic Holdings II at a price of per Private Share in a private
placement. 

per Unit)
from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Shares was placed in a trust account Trust
Account ). The proceeds in the Trust Account were invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, through an open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until
the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

F- 7 

consisting of of underwriting commissions,
 of deferred underwriting commissions, in excess fair value of anchor investor shares, and of other offering
costs. Of the total transaction costs, was charged to temporary equity and was charged to equity. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company anticipates structuring its
Business Combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which the holders of Public Shares will
own or acquire of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target
management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the voting securities of the target, the Company s
stockholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and the Company in the Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be
able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to public stockholders who redeem their Public Shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There
will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares
subject to redemption are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance
with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

immediately prior to or
upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If, however, stockholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business
or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s
Sponsor, byNordic Holdings, byNordic Holdings II, officers and directors and certain Anchor Investors that purchased Founder Shares in
connection with the IPO (see Note 6) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their
Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

F- 8 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with
the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. Anchor Investors in the Company s IPO have
agreed that they have no claims to any funds in the Trust Account or other assets of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares they
purchased. 

per public share into the Trust Account in respect of such extension period on or prior to the
date of the deadline (in connection with which the Company s stockholders will have no right to redeem their public shares), or
by such other further extended deadline that the Company may have to consummate a Business Combination beyond 18 months as a result of
a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (in connection with which the Company s
stockholders will have a right to redeem their public shares) (the Combination Period ). Any payment for the three-month
extension for deposit to the Trust Account by the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or designees referred to above is expected to be made
in the form of a non-interest-bearing loan or loans. The terms of the promissory note to be issued by the Company in connection with
any such loans have not yet been negotiated. If the Company completes the Company s Business Combination, the Company would expect
to repay such loans from funds that are released to the Company from the Trust Account or, at the option of the Sponsor or its affiliates
or designees (as applicable), convert all or a portion of the total loaned amount into Private Shares at a price of 10.00 per private
share, which Private Shares will be identical to the Private Shares described herein. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination,
the Company will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the Trust Account. In the event that the Company receives notice from
the Sponsor five business days prior to the applicable deadline of its intent to effect an extension in this manner, the Company intends
to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the deadline. In addition, the Company intends to issue
a press release the day after the deadline announcing whether or not the funds have been timely deposited. The Sponsor and its affiliates
or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete its Business Combination. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 9 

(or, if the Company exercises the Company s right to make an additional
deposit to the Trust Account in order to extend the deadline for the consummation of the Company s Business Combination by an additional
three months, per share). 

Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to
claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

F- 10 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023 (the Excise Tax ).
The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount
of the Excise Tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes
of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against
the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. 

not held in the Trust Account and available for working capital purposes. The
Company does not believe it will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business.
However, if the estimate of the costs of (i) legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses related to identifying, negotiating
and closing a Business Combination, (ii) legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements, (iii) administrative
expenses, and (iv) working capital used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves, are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to a Business Combination. However, if the business
combination period is extended beyond May 11, 2023, the Company would need to obtain additional financing to fund its cash needs during
any such extension period, including required to be deposited in the trust account at the time of the initial three month
extension and working capital to pay its operating costs during any extension period, including expenses relating to its business acquisition
activities, ongoing corporate and administrative expenses, and the costs of any further extension of the period to complete a business
combination beyond the end of the initial extension period on August 11, 2023. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient funds to
continue its operations until completion of a business combination, the Company would be forced to cease operations and liquidate. Moreover,
the Company may need to obtain additional financing or draw on the Working Capital Loans (as defined below) either to complete a Business
Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of the Public Shares upon consummation of a Business Combination,
in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination.
If the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, the Company will be
forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

F- 11 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

and in cash at December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

as a result of the IPO (consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred
underwriting commissions, in excess fair value of anchor investor shares, and of other offering costs). The Company
recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection with the Public Shares included in the Units.
The Company recorded as a reduction of permanent equity in connection with the Public Warrants and Private Shares included in
the Units that was classified as equity. 

. 

F- 13 

additional Units to cover any over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and
commissions. This over-allotment option meets the requirements as a derivative instrument. On February 18, 2022, the underwriters fully
exercised their over-allotment option resulting in the de-recognition of the over-allotment option on the balance sheet. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due
to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

F- 14 

shares for each share of Class B common stock outstanding,
resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. On November 17, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend
of 1/3 of a share for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in the Sponsor, byNordic Holdings and certain officers
and directors holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to
reflect the stock dividends (see Note 5). At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were shares of Class B common stock outstanding.
At December 31, 2021, of the 5,750,000 shares Class B common stock outstanding, an aggregate of up to shares were subject to
forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. On February 18, 2022, the underwriters
fully exercised their over-allotment option, and such shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (See Note 5). 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share

as a result of earnings on the Trust Account
that exceed amounts payable for taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, was withdrawn by the Company from the Trust Account
to pay its tax obligations. 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Less: Common stock issuance costs 

Add: Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable common stock 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

F- 15 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class
A common stock, and one-half of one redeemable warrant Warrant ). Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

additional Units to cover any over-allotments at the IPO
price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 18, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option
by purchasing an additional Units, consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock and redeemable warrants
generating additional gross proceeds of to the Company and bringing the total gross proceeds of the IPO to . 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and
the sale of the Private Share was placed in a Trust Account. 

Public Warrants outstanding. Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares.
No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will become exercisable
on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the IPO. The warrants
will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 16 

Private Shares in the aggregate
at per share for gross proceeds of in the aggregate in a private placement that occurred concurrently with the consummation
of the Company s IPO and the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option. 

per Unit). The holders of the Private Shares will
not have any right to amounts held in the Trust Account as holders of the Private Shares. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Shares held in the Trust Account will be used to
fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). The Private Shares may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of the Company s Business
Combination. If the Company does not complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period as such deadline may be extended
for an additional three month period for a total of up to 18 months to complete the Company s Business Combination in connection
with the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or designees, upon five business days advance notice prior to the date of the deadline
for completing the Company s Business Combination, paying an additional per public share into the trust account in respect
of such extension period on or prior to the date of the deadline (in connection with which the Company s stockholders will have
no right to redeem their public shares), or by such other further extended deadline that the Company may have to consummate a Business
Combination beyond 18 months as a result of a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(in connection with which the Company s stockholders will have a right to redeem their public shares as described herein), the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Shares held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law). 

F- 17 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration of Founder Shares.
During February 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares for each Founder Share outstanding, resulting in the Sponsor
holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. 

Founder Shares.
All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividends (see Note 7). 

shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial stockholders would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the IPO and including in such
calculation any forward purchase shares issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement but excluding from such calculation the Private
Shares, any shares of Class A Common Stock issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon the conversion of working capital loans, any
securities issued or issuable to any seller in a Business Combination and any shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants). As of February
18, 2022, the over-allotment option was exercised and such shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our Business
Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash,
securities or other property. 

to fund expenses in connection with the IPO. The advances
were non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. On February 26, 2020, the advances were converted into loans under the Promissory
Note (see below). 

to cover expenses related to the IPO. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of June
30, 2022 or the completion of the IPO. On February 26, 2020, the Company borrowed under the Promissory Note and advances of 
were converted into loans under the Promissory Note. 

F- 18 

to . On November 15, 2021, the Sponsor amended and restated the Promissory Note to increase the principal
amount that may be loaned under the promissory note from to . The principal balance of the Promissory Note was due on
the earlier to occur of (i) March 31, 2022 and (ii) the date on which the Company consummated the IPO and was repaid in full in connection
with the closing of the IPO. 

per month for administrative support services.
Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 107,500, of which 47,500 is recorded as accrued expenses in the balance sheets.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not incur any fees for these services. 

and , respectively, including
administrative support fees owed to the Sponsor. 

of the Working Capital
Loans may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into shares of the Class A common stock at a price of per share.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to
repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

F- 19 

shares of Class A common stock (referred to herein as the forward purchase shares) at 
per share for gross proceeds up to in a private placement that will occur concurrently with the consummation of the
Business Combination. Rothesay s purchase of forward purchase shares pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be
subject to the approval of Rothesay s investment committee or other committee with decision-making authority to purchase the
number of forward purchase shares approved by such committee and the other closing conditions set forth in the forward purchase
agreement. If Rothesay Investment SARL SPF purchases forward purchase shares pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, the holders
of a majority of these forward purchase shares will be entitled to make a single demand that the Company register such forward
purchase shares pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2022, by and between the Company and
Rothesay Investment SARL SPF. In addition, pursuant to the registration rights agreements, the holders have certain
 piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a
Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

million of the units which is approximately of the units in the IPO at the public offering price (after giving effect to
the exercise in full of the underwriters over-allotment option); provided, that no more than million of the units in the
IPO were purchased by each Anchor Investor in such manner. Further, the Anchor Investors entered into separate letter agreements with
the Company and the Sponsor and byNordic Holdings pursuant to which, subject to the conditions set forth therein, the Anchor Investors
purchased, upon the closing of the IPO, for nominal consideration, an aggregate of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor and byNordic
Holdings on a pro rata basis according to the number of Founder Shares held by each of the Sponsor (after deducting certain shares held
for the benefit of officers and directors) and byNordic Holdings (or, in the alternative, the Sponsor and byNordic Holdings forfeited
the relevant number of Founder Shares to the Company in order for it to issue the same number of Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors).
The negotiations between us, the Sponsor and byNordic Holdings and each Anchor Investor were separate and there are no arrangements or
understandings among the Anchor Investors with regard to voting, including voting with respect to the Business Combination other than
with respect to the voting of their Founder Shares as described below. 

, which amount will be paid
upon and concurrently with the completion of a Business Combination. The Company s IPO legal counsel will not be entitled to any
interest accrued on the deferred legal fees. 

F- 20 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of . At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock, with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of
Class A common stock issued and outstanding, (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). At December 31, 2021, there
were no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class B common stock, with a par value
of per share (the Founder Shares ). Holders of the Founder Shares are entitled to one vote for each share. On
February 22, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares for each Founder Share outstanding. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to shares were
subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that
the initial stockholders would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the IPO through
ownership of Founder Shares (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the IPO and including in such calculation
any forward purchase shares issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement but excluding from such calculation the Private
Shares, any shares of Class A Common Stock issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon the conversion of working capital loans, any
securities issued or issuable to any seller in a Business Combination and any shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
(referred to herein as the excluded shares)). All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the
stock dividends (see Note 5). As of February 18, 2022, the over-allotment option was fully exercised and the Founder Shares were no
longer subject to forfeiture. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion
of the IPO plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business
Combination (including in such calculation any forward purchase shares issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement but excluding
from such calculation the excluded shares). 

F- 21 

Unrealized gain Trust 

Federal net operating loss 

Total deferred tax assets (liability) 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets (liability), net of allowance 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, and
no state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in
the valuation allowance was . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Permanent Book/Tax Differences 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 22 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 

Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement between the Company and Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc. and Drexel Hamilton, LLC as the representatives of the underwriters (2) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By Laws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement among the Company, Water by Nordic AB, byNordic Holdings LLC, byNordic Holdings II LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 26, 2020, issued to the Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated May 24, 2021, issued to the Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.2.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated November 15, 2021, issued to the Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Amended Restated Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, Water by Nordic AB, byNordic Holdings LLC, byNordic Holdings II LLC and certain other securityholders of the Company (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated February 3, 2020, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Water by Nordic AB (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and byNordic Holdings LLC (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and byNordic Holdings II LLC (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of the Indemnity Agreements between the Company and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company (2) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of the Administrative Support Agreement between the Company and Water by Nordic AB (2) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Second Amended Restated Forward Purchase Agreement, dated February 8, 2022, between the Company and Rothesay Investment SARL SPF (2) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 8, 2022, between the Company and Rothesay Investment SARL SPF (2) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of the letter agreements, each dated January 18, 2022, between the Company and the anchor investors, a form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.14 hereto (2) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (1) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on January 18, 2022. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

April 17, 2023 
 BYNORDIC ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Michael Hermansson 

Name: 
 Michael Hermansson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jonas Olsson 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jonas
 Olsson 

/s/
 Michael Hermansson 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Hermansson 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Thomas Fairfield 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Fairfield 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Anna Yukiko Bickenbach 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Anna
 Yukiko Bickenbach 

/s/
 Anders Norlin 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Anders
 Norlin 

/s/
 Fredrik Elmberg 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Fredrik
 Elmberg 

/s/
 Steven Wasserman 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Wasserman 

45 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_bynordic.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As
of December 31, 2022, byNordic Acquisition Corporation we, our, us or the Company did not have any classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Upon the closing the Company s initial public offering on February 11, 2022, the Company had the following three classes
of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its
Units, consisting of one share of Class A common stock (as defined below) and one-half of one redeemable warrant (as defined
below), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock (the Units ),
(ii) its Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ), and (iii) its public warrants, with
each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 110,000,000 shares of common stock,
including 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001
par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material
terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit
4.5 is a part. 

Defined
terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each
Unit consists of one whole share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a
warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. 

Common
Stock 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. Our stockholders are
entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as
of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares,
subject to the limitations described herein. Our sponsor, byNordic Holdings, byNordic Holdings II and our executive officers and directors
(referred to herein as the insiders) have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, the private shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial
public offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or otherwise. The anchor investors have agreed
in the letter agreements entered into with us and our sponsor and byNordic Holdings for the purchase of their founder shares that they
have no rights to amounts on deposit in the trust account with respect to the founder shares purchased by them. In addition, the insiders
and the anchor investors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder
shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. However, if they acquire
public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an
aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However,
we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability
to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such
Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess
Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares
exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made
for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described in the Report. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of February 11, 2023 or 30 days after the completion of
our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number
of shares of Class A common stock. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such Unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those
shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the
60 th business day following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

2 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrantholder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like and for certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
 as described above) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
 once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice
 of redemption to the warrantholders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. If necessary, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under
the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the
average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of
redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise
of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce
the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive
option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

The
warrants have certain anti-dilution and adjustments rights upon certain events. 

The
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a
copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed with the Registration Statement, for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of warrants. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrantholders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common
stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any
such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our
initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00
per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants,
a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number
of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrantholder. 

3 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_bynordic.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Hermansson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of byNordic Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Hermansson 

Michael Hermansson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_bynordic.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Thomas Fairfield, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of byNordic Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas Fairfield 

Thomas Fairfield 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_bynordic.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of byNordic Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Hermansson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Hermansson 

Michael Hermansson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_bynordic.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of byNordic Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Thomas Fairfield, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas Fairfield 

Thomas Fairfield 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 byno-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 byno-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 byno-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 byno-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 byno-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

