<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230519_10-K_edgar_data_1561880_0001493152-23-018322.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8569675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290548</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1455163</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2623748</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1797018</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2188929</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-018322.hdr.sgml : 20230519
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230519160903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-018322
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230519
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230519

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Legacy Education Alliance, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001561880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				392079974
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55790
		FILM NUMBER:		23940121

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1612 CAPE CORAL PARKWAY EAST
		CITY:			CAPE CORAL
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33904
		BUSINESS PHONE:		239-542-0643

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1612 CAPE CORAL PARKWAY EAST
		CITY:			CAPE CORAL
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33904

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Priced In Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-018322.txt : 20230519

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

. , , 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last
sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter was . 

As of April 17, 2023, there were
 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K for 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 21 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 29 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 42 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 44 

Signatures 
 45 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

Certain
statements made in this report involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, 
 contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, would 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. All statements other than statements of historical
facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy,
prospective products, research and development costs, future revenue, timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management
for future operations, future results of anticipated products and prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans
and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving judgments with respect to, among other things, the results projected from
the introduction of new brands, products and services, expansion into new geographic markets, combinations with third parties, including,
but not limited to our licensors; the development of ecommerce capabilities; projections of international growth; projected increase in
profitability from our symposium-style course delivery model that should lead to increased margins; our ability to address or manage corruption
concerns in certain locations in which we operate; our ability to address and manage cyber-security risks; our ability to protect our
intellectual property, on which our business is substantially dependent; our expectations regarding future divided payments; our ability
to manage our relationships with credit card processors, and our expectations regarding the impact of general economic conditions on our
business; the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global and national economies and on our business operations and financial
results; and the estimates and matters described under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. Our assumptions used for the purposes of the forward-looking statements represent estimates of future
events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances, including the
development, acceptance and sales of our products and our ability to raise additional funding sufficient to implement our strategy. Such
forward-looking statements involve assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that could cause the
actual results, performance or our achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from historical results, any future results,
or performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. There are a number of risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Important factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed as forward-looking statements are set forth in this report,
including but not limited to under Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations , and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be other factors of
which we are currently unaware or deem immaterial that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on current plans, estimates, assumptions and projections, and therefore you should not place undue reliance on them,
all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. 

Although
we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate. In light
of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state
of our operations, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives
and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, the factors set forth herein under the headings Business, Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this report. 

The events
and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially
from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties
may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required
by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of
any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Our Corporate History and Background 

Legacy Education Alliance, Inc.
(the Company was incorporated on November 23, 2010 in Nevada under the name Streamline Resources, Inc. Our name was subsequently
changed to Priced In Corp PRCD on April 24, 2012. Prior to the merger discussed below, we were a shell corporation with
nominal operating activity. 

On November 10, 2014, we entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of such date the Merger Agreement by and among (i) PRCD, a Nevada corporation,
(ii) Priced In Corp. Subsidiary, a Colorado corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PRCD PRCD Sub ), (iii) Tigrent
Inc., a Colorado corporation TIGE ), and (iv) Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc., a Colorado corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of TIGE Legacy Holdings ). On November 10, 2014, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, PRCD Sub merged with and into
Legacy Holdings (the Merger ), with Legacy Holdings surviving the Merger and becoming our wholly owned subsidiary and we
acquired the business of Legacy Holdings. 

At the effective time of the Merger: 

PRCD amended and restated its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which included an increase in our authorized stock to 220 million shares (200 million shares of common stock and 20 million shares of preferred stock); 

PRCD changed its name from Priced In Corp. to Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. 

All of the shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of Legacy Holdings outstanding were converted and exchanged into 16,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock and were held by TIGE. 

As a result of the Merger, TIGE
owned approximately 80 of Legacy with the then remaining outstanding shares (3,997,500) held by the existing PRCD shareholders. 

There was no cash consideration
exchanged in the Merger. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, PRCD agreed to pay TIGE taxes and related
liabilities and other specified costs and expenses, including certain administrative and related expenses that have been or will be from
time to time incurred by TIGE that are related to TIGE s investment in PRCD (including the cost of preparing and distributing reports
regarding our business and financial condition to its shareholders), its administrative costs and expenses, and taxes, other than income
taxes arising from dividends or distributions by us to TIGE. All shares of PRCD common stock issued in connection with the Merger are
restricted securities, as defined in paragraph (a) of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Such shares were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, under Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated there under. 

The Merger was accounted for as
a reverse merger and recapitalization since, immediately following the completion of the transaction, the holders of TIGE s
stock had effective control of PRCD. In addition, TIGE controlled the surviving entity through control of Legacy s Board of Directors
as a result of the appointment of the existing directors of TIGE to the four board seats of Legacy. Additionally, all of TIGE s
officers and senior executive positions continued on as management of the surviving entity after consummation of the Merger. For accounting
purposes, Legacy Holdings was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction was treated as
a recapitalization of PRCD. Accordingly, Legacy Holdings assets, liabilities and results of operations became the historical financial
statements of the registrant, and the Company s assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated with PRCD effective
as of the date of the closing of the Merger. Prior to the Merger, PRCD was a shell corporation with nominal assets, liabilities
and operating activity. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in this transaction. 

On February 14, 2017, TIGE completed
the distribution of 15,998,326 shares of Common Stock in Legacy approved by the Board of Directors of TIGE on October 4, 2016. Pursuant
to the distribution, 1.00105 shares of Legacy Common Stock were distributed for each share of stock held in TIGE. 

For a further discussion of the
Merger and its effects on our business, please see the information contained in our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 10,
2014, and the related amendments thereto. 

1 

Presentation of Financial Statements 

The terms Legacy Education
Alliance, Inc., the Company, we, our, us or Legacy as used
in this report refer collectively to Legacy Education Alliance, Inc., a Nevada corporation, the registrant, which was formerly known as
Priced In Corp., and, unless the context otherwise requires, together with its wholly-owned subsidiary, Legacy Education Alliance Holdings,
Inc., a Colorado corporation, other operating subsidiaries and any predecessor of Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, including Tigrent
Inc., a Colorado corporation. 

This Form 10-K includes financial
statements and related notes that present the consolidated financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income, and cash flows
of Legacy and its subsidiaries. 

Our Strategy 

Our objective
is to be a leading provider of services and products that enable individuals from all walks of life, regardless of their current
economic situation and educational background, to take control of their financial futures and enable them to achieve financial freedom. 

Our strategy is focused primarily
on the following areas: 

Continued development of our businesses. We will continue our focus on our service offerings in an attempt to improve our revenue and expand our offerings as appropriate, including e-learning and other electronic format offerings and the development of new proprietary brands. In November 2020, the Company shifted its focus to five brands: Legacy Elite, Legacy Building Wealth Club, Legacy Degree (affordable, accredited degree completion), Legacy Capital, and non-profit division, Legacy Open Library. 

Live Events Business. We are restarting our live events business, building on the previous business with the addition of short-term rental education as well as expanding our core real estate, entrepreneurship and investment education offerings. We are also building out our online live events business. The hybrid events model, which combines in-person live events and online content, is an exciting direction for the business and its ability to serve new students as well as former students. These efforts will be led by short-term vacation rental and live events experts Jerry Conti and Brian Page. 

Fulfilling
 our customer obligations . We intend to improve the cost efficiency with which we fulfill our customer commitments. We have: 

Expanded
 the options for course fulfillment in order to reduce the number of expired contracts by increasing the number of courses offered
 through electronic media and via the internet; and 

Implemented
 an improved outreach program that involves contacting our customers to help them manage their course schedules. 

Enhanced
 eLearning . We continue developing and promoting interactive and online distributed course content and enhanced technology platforms
 capable of streaming video, interactive e-learning, and distributed e-learning. 

Consistent
 quality assurance . We believe that to be an effective provider of training we need to ensure that our course offerings meet our
 strict quality assurance guidelines. We will continue to monitor and enforce standards for marketing, sales presentations, and training
 delivery throughout our organization. 

Continued
 professional development. We will continue to identify, recruit and retain a team of trainers, mentors and coaches who possess
 practical, hands-on experience in their areas of expertise. 

Recent Developments 

ABCImpact Loans 

Between
June 2022 and March 17, 2023, we borrowed an aggregate of 2,315,500 from ABCImpact I, LLC, evidenced by 10 Convertible Debentures.
ABCImpact has the option to loan up to 5 million. 

ABCImpact
is an entity in which an affiliate of Barry Kostiner, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director, has a non-controlling passive interest. 

2 

The then
outstanding and unpaid principal and interest under the debentures shall be converted into shares of our common stock and an equal number
of five-year common stock purchase warrants at the option of ABCImpact, at a conversion price per share of 0.05, subject to adjustment.
The debentures and underlying warrants are subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99 (or 9.99 in ABCImpact s discretion). 

PPP Loan 

On July
26, 2022, we received notice that 932,455.90 in principal and interest under our April 2020 loan through the Small Business Administration
Paycheck Protection Program established pursuant to the CARES Act, is due and owing as a result of a 60-day delinquency in payment. With
the past due amount of 85,969.14, the total amount due and owing is 1,025,010 including accrued interest. 

Forbearance Agreement 

On July
15, 2022, we entered into a Forbearance Agreement with GLD Legacy Holdings, LLC, the holder of our 10 Senior Secured Convertible Debenture
dated August 27, 2021, and Legacy Tech Partners, LLC, the holder of our 10 Senior Secured Convertible Debenture dated March 8, 2021.
Mr. Kostiner is a manager of Legacy Tech Partners. 

Pursuant
to the Forbearance Agreement, GLD and Legacy Tech Partners each agreed to forbear from exercising its rights against us under the applicable
note until the earlier of (i) a default under the Forbearance Agreement or a new default under such Note or (ii) October 15, 2022. 

Prior
to the expiration of this forbearance period, the Company agreed to cause a sale of the GLD Note to ABCImpact or as directed by ABCImpact,
at a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance due and payable on the GLD note by no later than October 15, 2022, which shall be
in full and complete satisfaction of our obligations to GLD under the GLD note. 

As partial
consideration for GLD entering into the Forbearance Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to GLD 2,100,000 shares of our common stock
and to issue to LTP 1,600,000 shares of our common stock, and to file a registration statement with the SEC to register the GLD shares
for resale on or prior to August 15, 2022 and use best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective no later than October
15, 2022. The Company did not file the registration statement. On October 7, 2022, GLD transmitted a Notice of Breach and Default under
the Forbearance Agreement, notifying the Company that it intends to exercise all available rights and remedies at law and/or equity. The
Company is in discussions with GLD to cure the default prior to any such exercise. 

The Company
also agreed to use its best efforts to effect a spin-off of an existing to-be-determined subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to the terms
described in the Forbearance Agreement. 

Impact from COVID-19 Pandemic 

Historically,
our operations have relied significantly on our and our students ability to travel and attend live events where large groups of
people gather in local markets within each of the segments in which we operate. Following the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, worldwide
restrictions on travel, and social distancing, we temporarily ceased conducting live sales, fulfillment activities, and furloughed substantially
all of our employees. After several months, we resumed the sale of our online, on-demand, and over-the-phone products and related fulfillment
activities. In December 2021, we decided to suspend live in-person events. Following the impact of COVID-19 on our business, we decided to streamline
our product offerings throughout 2022 and restructure our compensation program with respect to both employees and independent contractors
to reduce costs and improve margins, but there can be no assurances that we will be effective in selling our products and services, or
what impact these activities will have on our financial performance, although to date, these factors have had a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition in 2022 and into the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. We are not able to fully
quantify the continued impact on our results of operations and financial condition for the remainder of the fiscal year ending December
31, 2023. 

3 

Business Overview 

We are
a provider of practical, high-quality, and value-based educational training on the topics of personal finance, entrepreneurship, real
estate, and financial markets, including investment strategies and techniques. Our programs are offered through a variety of formats and
channels, including free workshops, basic trainings, forums, telephone mentoring, one-on-one mentoring, coaching and e-learning. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our education operations were limited. 

Our students
pay for their courses in full up-front or through payment agreements with independent third parties. Under United States of America generally
accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), we recognize revenue upon the earlier of (i) when our students take their courses
or (ii) the term for taking their course expires, both of which could be several quarters after the student purchases a program and pays
the fee. We recognize revenue immediately when we sell (i) our proprietary products delivered at time of sale and (ii) third party products.
Our symposiums and forums combine multiple advanced training courses in one location, allowing us to achieve certain economies of scale
that reduce costs and improve margins while also accelerating U.S. GAAP revenue recognition, while at the same time, enhancing our students 
experience, particularly, for example, through the opportunity to network with other students. 

We also
provide a richer experience for our students through one-on-one mentoring (two to four days in length, on site or remotely) and telephone
mentoring (10 to 16 weekly one-on-one or one-on-many telephone sessions). Mentoring involves a subject matter expert interacting with
the student remotely or in person and guiding the student, for example, through his or her first real estate transaction, providing a
real hands-on experience. 

We were
founded in 1996, and through a reverse merger, became a publicly-held company in November 2014. Legacy Education has touched more than
five million students from more than 150 countries and territories over the course of its operating history. Its curriculum is designed
to help people progress from beginner to educated investor. 

Historically,
our operations have been managed through three operating segments: (i) North America, (ii) United Kingdom, and (iii) Other Foreign Markets.
We no longer operate under our United Kingdom and Other Foreign Markets segments. 

Since
January 1, 2022, we have operated under five brands: Legacy Elite, Legacy Building Wealth Club, Legacy Degree (affordable, accredited
degree completion), Legacy Capital, and non-profit division, Legacy Open Library. 

We have
recently commenced various strategic initiatives and are embarking on a number of transactions, which we expect will strengthen the Company s
balance sheet and strategic positioning, including relationships with Brian Page and multiple education guidance counselors, marketers
and non-profits. Further, the foundation of our proposed Nasdaq uplisting includes the potential spinoff of the existing Legacy Education
business, which was previously approved by shareholders, and the proposed acquisition of Coopersmith Career Consulting, each of which
are in process but we can give no assurance at this time of success. 

Our operations are managed through
three operating segments: (i) North America, (ii) United Kingdom, and (iii) Other Foreign Markets. The United Kingdom and Other Foreign
Markets segments are in liquidation and no longer active. 

The proportion of our total revenue
attributable to each segment is as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 As a percentage of total revenue 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 North America 
 100 
 65.1 
 
 U.K. 
 
 34.9 
 
 Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated revenue 
 100.0 
 100.0 

4 

Operating results for the segments
are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Segment revenue 
 (In thousands) 
 
 North America 
 1,084 
 5,021 
 
 U.K. 
 
 2,689 
 
 Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated revenue 
 1,084 
 7,710 

Marketing 

Our various
brands are the foundation for our marketing efforts. These brands provide credibility and sustainability within our media mix to promote
live events and online trainings. Historically, live onsite two-hour free preview workshops are offered weekly in multiple markets in
North America. Legacy Education currently is focusing its marketing efforts on communicating with the network of students from its existing
database, as well as affiliate relationships. Legacy Education currently does not have a significant allocation for marketing through
social media and traditional media channels. 

We offer
people the opportunity to attend a free preview workshop or advance directly to one of our three-day basic training classes. People who
enroll and attend a basic training class receive reference materials relevant to the subject matter to be taught at the class. The basic
training class is usually held over a weekend within two to four weeks of the initial free preview workshop. Our experience is that offering
the free preview workshop is an effective way to introduce our students to the underlying methodology of a full course, as well
as to market and sell our three-day basic training courses. It is expected that our live event operations will be re-launched as early
as January 2023. 

Marketing
efforts continue to those customers who choose to progress their education with a three-day basic training class. Welcome letters, product
kits that include manuals, books and audio files, an online reference library, and reminder communication letters and emails are all branded
for consistency and credibility. Customers at the three-day basic training course may choose to further their education through our elite
training classes and mentorships offered during the basic training classes. 

We utilize
different preview brands to market into our advance training division, which we re-branded to Elite Legacy Education to expand our market
reach. Elite training classes are fulfilled through various delivery methods to meet the needs of our customers. 

We also
market for new customers who prefer to learn online and provide people the opportunity to attend free ninety-minute live online webinars
that are held weekly on six different topics. Webinars are marketed via online banner ads, affiliate marketing, email campaigns, social
media and other media methods. 

Training Programs 

We have three significant
categories for our programs: 

Basic training courses (live and online), 

Elite level training courses (live and online), and 

Individualized mentoring programs. 

5 

Elite Training Courses 

Customers
who attend our basic training courses may choose to continue with Elite training courses in real estate, financial markets investing and/or
entrepreneurship skills. The Elite training courses of study include: 

Elite Real Estate Courses 
 
 Elite Financial Markets Courses 

Momentum 

Master Trader TM 

Tax and Asset Protection 

Options 1 

Wholesale Buying 

FOREX 

Discount Notes Mortgages 

Options 2 

Banking Relationships Short Sale Systems 

Elite Options 

Mobile Homes 

Asset Protection 

Foreclosure Strategies 

Elite FOREX 

Fund, Fix and Flip 

FACT (Futures Commodity Trading) 

Marketing Today 

Income Properties 

Tax Liens 

Lease Options 

Commercial Real Estate 

Business Financing Factoring 

Domestic Land Development 

Creative Real Estate Financing 

Buy, Rent and Hold (North America) 

Buy, Fix and Sell (North America) 

Creative Financing (North America) 

Elite Business Entrepreneurship Courses 

Business Tax and Asset Protection 

Top Branding and Marketing Strategies 

Strategies for Raising Capital 

Mind Over Money 

Legacy Business Training 

The goal
of our fulfillment strategy is to provide maximum flexibility to our students, allowing them to take any of their classes in their preferred
format. Students may access training content through multiple delivery channels, including: 

Live Classroom : In-person one-on-many intensive 3-day class with a live instructor and any number of students in the same room, at a symposium, a forum or as a stand-alone class. 

Live Stream : Interactive real-time streaming of live classroom training that may be viewed by a student remotely via the internet. Live stream classes can be reviewed for 30-days post-class. 

Live On-Line : Live presentations of a class in modules presented over a period of weeks with a live instructor and any number of students in any number of locations who attend remotely via the internet. Student has access to recordings of the modules for 30 days after the last live session. 

On-Demand : Class that is presented in self-paced pre-recorded modules via internet link with 24/7 access for the life of the contract. Unlike the three live fulfillment options, which require the student to attend classes when the Company schedules them, the On-Demand options provide the student with the flexibility to take the class whenever they want, and as many times as they want, during the life of the student s contract. 

Through
strategic partners, customers can purchase a license to use supporting software for real estate or financial markets investing. With either
software program, a subscription-based data service is available for purchase, which allows customers to interactively determine investment
options and make better informed decisions about potential investments. 

Individualized Mentoring and Coaching Programs 

We offer
live, real time, one-on-one mentoring for Real Estate, Business and the Financial Markets that is tailored to meet students individual
goals and needs. Real Estate mentoring is offered on site at the student s chosen location or remotely, while Financial Market mentoring
can be provided either on-site or remotely. Mentoring is intended to give the student a professional assessment of his or her individual
goals and experience and to help the student build an investment plan that can be put into action. Mentoring sessions are generally 2
to 4 days in length. 

Coaching
and telephone mentoring programs are typically sold in a number of different subject areas and generally delivered in 10 to 16 weekly
one-on-one telephone sessions. Some of the topics include Real Estate coaching. A set curriculum approach is generally used. Each module
comes with assignments, exercises and reading materials to be completed between sessions. 

6 

Competition 

During our more than 20-year history,
we have competed with several organizations within the U.S. and internationally. Our primary competitors are Fortune Builders and Mayflower
Alliance Ltd. Some of our competitors have established brands through a media-based relationship, such as HGTV, and use television programs
to promote their brands. 

The main competitors to our financial
markets strategies and techniques course offerings are large institutional brokerage houses, who have been offering education as a way
to expand their client portfolio. 

Generally, competitive factors
within the proprietary training market include: 

The range and depth of course offerings; 

The quality of trainers; 

The quality of reference materials provided in connection with course studies; and 

Cost. 

We believe that the range and
depth of our course offerings, the quality of our trainers and reference materials are comparable or superior to those of our competitors.
Typically, trainers for our Elite courses have been active investors in their chosen field, have been trained by us and, to a large degree,
are previous customers of our programs. Trainers for our Elite courses are chosen based on their knowledge and experience with the coursework
covered and are further qualified by meeting knowledge standards developed internally. 

Status of Brand Development Agreement with the T B Seminars, Inc. 

On December
23, 2019, Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc., or Holdings, our wholly owned subsidiary entered into a Real Estate Education Training
Program Development Agreement, or Development Agreement with T B Seminars, Inc., or T B, an affiliate of Tarek El Moussa, pursuant
to which Holdings and Tarek El Moussa agreed to develop and operate a seminar style education business that will use, among other things,
the names, images, and likenesses of Tarek El Moussa to market and sell customers real estate investing oriented education products. 

Pursuant
to the Development Agreement, T B granted to the Company a sole and exclusive worldwide license to certain intellectual property,
including, certain trademarks and copyrights and the name, image and likeness of Tarek El Moussa, in each case to the extent necessary
for Holdings to develop and create educational materials and promote and conduct a branded real estate seminar style education business
that uses the intellectual property. 

The Company
commenced sales activities pursuant to the Development Agreement under the Homemade Investor brand in January 2020 but as a result of
the COVID-19 pandemic, we suspended conducting live in-persons sales events in March 2020. Subsequently, we suspended online sales events
to focus on our new flagship brand Building Wealth with Legacy TM . 

The Company currently does
not have an active relationship with T B Seminars, Inc. 

Prior Licensing Agreements with the Rich Dad
and Other Parties 

Through
September 2019, our primary business relied on our license of the Rich Dad brand and related marks and intellectual property. 

7 

Effective
September 1, 2013, we entered into a 2013 License Agreement with Rich Dad Operating Company, LLC, or RDOC. 

On September
16, 2019, we received notice from RDOC, indicating that RDOC did not intend to extend the term of the 2013 License Agreement, as amended.
Therefore, the term of the License Agreement expired on September 30, 2019. Notwithstanding the expiration of the License Agreement, the
Company may continue to use Licensed Intellectual Property, as defined in the 2013 License Agreement, including, but not limited to, the
Rich Dad trademark and stylized logo, for the purpose of honoring and fulfilling orders by its customers in existence as of the date of
the expiration of the 2013 License Agreement. 

Effective
November 26, 2019, our licenses to operate under the Perform in Properties, Making Money with Martin Roberts TM and Robbie Fowler s
Property Academy TM were transferred to Mayflower Alliance Ltd in conjunction with the sale of the business of Legacy UK. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
approximately 17 full-time employees, all of whom were in our North America segment. In addition, we employ part-time employees in various
capacities and independent contractors who are trainers, coaches or mentors. Our employees are not represented by a labor union, and we
believe our relations with our employees are satisfactory. We are committed to providing competitive pay, healthcare, and a comprehensive
benefits package in order to recruit and maintain employees. Our independent contractors are either paid commissions based upon the dollar
value of the courses purchased by customers at our free preview workshops and basic training courses or are paid fixed fees for teaching
and mentoring Elite courses. Independent contractors are required to execute agreements with us that set forth their commission structures
and typically contain confidentiality and non-competition provisions. We continue to build a diverse, inclusive, and safe work environment
to attract, develop, and retain top talent. The COVID-19 pandemic provided an opportunity to build a remote workforce with resources and
support to succeed. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to Our Business 

There is substantial doubt on our ability to
continue as a going concern. 

Our independent registered public
accounting firm has issued a going concern qualification as part of its audit report that accompanies our 2022 audited financial statements
included herein. As stated in the notes to our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we have a working
capital deficit and have accumulated a significant deficit. Our continued existence is dependent upon our ability to continue to execute
our operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. We do not have an established source of funds sufficient to cover
operating costs and accordingly, there can be no assurance that the necessary debt or equity financing will be available, or will be available
on terms acceptable to us, in which case we may be unable to meet our obligations or fully implement our business plan, if at all. Additionally,
should we be unable to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business, the net realizable value of
our assets may be materially less than the amounts recorded in our financial statements. 

The
Company is attempting to implement a new business strategy and effect a Nasdaq uplisting, and there can be no assurances that these efforts
will be successful. 

We previously announced several
strategic initiatives with the aim of expanding our customer base, launching real estate SPAC investment vehicles, improving our social
media presence, entering into strategic relationships, spinning off our existing business and uplisting onto the Nasdaq Capital Markets.
However, these initiatives are ongoing and there can be no assurance that any of these efforts will be successful or if any of them are
in fact successful, that it or they will result in greater revenue, profitability, trading volume, stock price and/or other benefit to
the Company or its stockholders. 

8 

The concentration of our
business under one brand or a small number of brands could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operation if we were unable to conduct business under such brands. 

The alteration, or termination
of any brand development or the suspension or termination of sales activities thereunder, would have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Reliance on a Legacy Education
Alliance focused branding strategy could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations
if consumer acceptance of such brand is insufficient to attract new customers. 

Historically, our branding strategy
has relied on using the goodwill and notoriety associated with third-party branding licensors, such as Rich Dad, Tarek El Moussa, and
others, to attract new customers. Any shift to a branding strategy that focuses on the Company as a brand, rather than on a third party,
could adversely affect our business if consumer acceptance of such proprietary brand is insufficient to drive sales. 

The termination of our license
agreement to Rich Dad Education brand has materially adversely impacted our business, financial condition and results of operations, given
the high concentration of sales from course offerings under Rich Dad Education brand. 

Our Rich Dad Education 
real estate and financial market course offerings had no revenue in 2022. Our 2013 License Agreement with Rich Dad , as amended,
expired on September 30, 2019. Notwithstanding the expiration of the License Agreement, the Company may continue to use Licensed Intellectual
Property, as defined in the License Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Rich Dad trademark and stylized logo, for the purpose
of honoring and fulfilling orders by its customers in existence as of the date of the expiration of the Agreement. 

The termination of any of
our merchant processor agreements and/or material changes to the terms and conditions of these agreements would materially adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations, given the high concentration of sales from course offerings procured by our
customers using credit cards. 

A significant percentage of our
sales are processed through credit card transactions, and we are dependent on our merchant processor relationships to facilitate these
transactions under favorable terms. Although we generally have been able to renew or extend the terms of contractual arrangements with
third parties merchant processors on acceptable terms, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to do so in the future.
Interruptions in service, or the imposition of reserve accounts in amounts not acceptable to us, could have a material adverse impact
on our liquidity. In addition, if any of these services providers were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms, we may be
unable to procure alternatives from other third parties in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. This could
materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The inability of our customers
to finance the purchase of our products through credit cards or third-party financing would materially adversely impact our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our customers rely on financing,
whether through credit cards or third-party financing, to purchase our products. Any limitation on the ability of our customers to obtain
access to credit may impact our customers ability to purchase our products. This could materially adversely impact our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The ability of any of our
merchant processors to continue to operate and refund our merchant reserves pursuant to the terms of the agreements would materially adversely
impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our merchant processors withhold
a percentage of our sales as part of our restricted cash reserves. Release of the restricted cash is at the sole discretion of the merchant
processor. Although we generally have been able to obtain releases from time to time, and pursuant to the terms of the merchant processor
agreement, there can be no assurances that we will be able to do so in the future if the merchant processor s ability to continue
to operate becomes doubtful, including, but not limited to, illiquidity or fraud. This could materially adversely impact our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

9 

Our management has identified
internal control deficiencies, which our management believe constitute material weaknesses. 

Our management has determined
that we presently do not have an internal control system or procedures that are effective and may be relied upon in connection with our
financial reporting. The weaknesses in our internal control system that were identified by our management generally include weakness that
present a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be identified, prevented,
or detected on a timely basis, and specifically include: 

Financial Reporting Systems: The weakness in our internal control system identified by our management relate to the implementation of our new ERP system, which went into production on January 1, 2018. Our ERP software is not able to produce complete and accurate information in regard to revenues and deferred revenues for consistent financial reporting purposes. 

If we fail to effectively remediate
any of these material weaknesses or other material weaknesses or deficiencies in our control environment that may be identified in the
future, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or report them within the time frames required by law or exchange
regulations, to the extent applicable, which would have a negative impact on us and our share price. 

Our cash flows from operations
have not been restored to pre-pandemic sales. If this trend were to continue in the future, it could impair our ability to fund our working
capital needs and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our management currently projects
that our available cash balances will not be sufficient to maintain our operations during 2023. In addition, when considering all of the
applicable operational and external risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to cash generated from new and ongoing business
initiatives, our ability to effectively execute our strategies, relationships with our credit card processors, potential claims against
the Company related to the insolvency of certain its foreign subsidiaries, and potential current and future litigation matters, we believe
that we may not be adequately capitalized. We may seek to obtain additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt, which may
dilute the equity holdings of our current investors. In addition, we may seek to borrow additional capital from institutional and commercial
banks or other sources to fund future operations on terms that may include restrictive covenants, liens on assets, high effective interest
rates, and repayment provisions that reduce our cash resources and limit future access to capital markets. We are actively engaging in
negotiations for bridge financing as part of a Nasdaq uplisting transaction. We do not currently have any commitments for future external
funding. Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by the economic environment. If we cannot generate the required
cash to sustain operations or obtain additional capital on acceptable terms, we will need to make further revisions to our business plan,
sell or liquidate assets, or limit or discontinue some or all of our operations. 

Our ability to fulfill debt
obligations could adversely affect working capital needs and financial condition. 

If the business is unable to meet
cash flow demands to fulfill debt obligations timely, there is a risk of default on the debt to creditors. 

Our operations outside the
United States subject us to additional risks inherent in international operations. 

Traditionally, we have operated
in the United Kingdom, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa and other international markets in addition to our U.S. operations. As a result,
we face risks that are inherent in international operations, including: 

Complexity of operations across borders, including the ability to identify and obtain staff, sales speakers, trainers and suppliers; 

10 

Currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

Restrictions on the movements of cash; 

Multiple and possibly overlapping or conflicting tax laws; 

Applicability of training concepts to foreign markets; 

Compliance with foreign regulatory requirements including anti-corruption, banking, cash repatriation, and data and privacy protection; 

Political instability; 

Travel restrictions; and 

Price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies. 

If we are unable to successfully
manage these and other factors, our business could be adversely affected, and our financial condition and results of operations could
suffer. 

Failure to comply with laws,
regulations and policies, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable anti-corruption legislation, could result
in fines, criminal penalties and an adverse effect on our business. 

We are subject to regulation under
a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies, including anti-corruption laws and export-import
compliance and trade laws, and data protection due to our global operations. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or
FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies, their agents, consultants
and other business partners from making improper payments to government officials or other persons (i.e. , commercial bribery) for
the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other improper advantage. They also impose recordkeeping and internal control provisions
on companies such as ours. We operate and/or conduct business in some parts of the world, such as Hong Kong, that are recognized as having
governmental and commercial corruption and in such countries, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs
and practices. Under some circumstances, a parent company may be civilly and criminally liable for bribes paid by a subsidiary. We cannot
assure you that our internal control policies and procedures have protected us, or will protect us, from unlawful conduct of our employees,
agents, consultants, and other business partners. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that violations may have occurred,
including without limitation violations of anti-corruption laws, we may be required to investigate and/or have outside counsel investigate
the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Violation
may result in substantial civil and/or criminal fines, disgorgement of profits, sanctions and penalties, debarment from future work with
governments, curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, and imprisonment of the individuals involved. As a result, any such violations
may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, actual or alleged violations
could damage our reputation and ability to do business. Any of these impacts could have a material, adverse effect on our business, results
of operations or financial condition. 

Uncertain economic conditions
and other changes experienced by our customers, including the willingness to trade or invest in securities or real estate, could influence
their willingness to spend their discretionary income on our course offerings and products, and could materially adversely impact our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Uncertain economic conditions
may affect our customers discretionary income, access to credit and ability and willingness to purchase our courses offerings and
products. Economic conditions and consumer spending are influenced by a wide range of factors that are beyond our control. These conditions
include but are not limited to: 

Demand for our course offerings and related products; 

Conditions in the securities and investment markets; 

11 

Conditions in the real estate market; 

Availability of mortgage financing and other forms of credit and consumer credit; 

General economic and business conditions; 

Adverse changes in consumer confidence levels; 

General political developments; 

Adverse weather or natural or man-made disasters; and 

Regional, national and/or worldwide pandemics, or other public health risks. 

Any decreased interest in real
estate and/or financial markets investing strategies and techniques in the future could impact our brands. Additionally, a prolonged economic
downturn or uncertainty over future economic conditions, could increase these effects on our business. In addition, our ongoing business
expansion efforts and related operational changes add to the difficulty and risk of forecasting the timing, magnitude, and direction of
operational and financial outcomes with respect to our business. 

We have only a limited ability
to protect our intellectual property rights, which are important to our success. 

Our financial success depends,
in part, upon our ability to protect our brand names, curriculums, and other proprietary and licensed intellectual property. The existing
laws of some countries in which we conduct business might offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights. To protect
our intellectual property, we rely upon a combination of confidentiality policies, nondisclosure, and other contractual arrangements,
as well as copyright and trademark laws. The steps we take in this regard may not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other
misappropriation of our intellectual property, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely
steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights, especially in foreign jurisdictions. The loss of proprietary content or the unauthorized
use of our intellectual property, including our brand names, may create significant market confusion and result in greater competition,
loss of revenue, and adverse publicity. 

We face significant competition
in our markets. 

Our success depends upon our ability
to attract customers by providing high-quality courses and training materials, as well as to attract and retain quality trainers to provide
those courses. The market for training courses for specific business issues, such as real estate or stock market investing, is intensely
competitive. If we are unable to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially
harmed. Certain competitors may have access to certain marketing channels or be able to secure alliances with customers and affiliates
on more favorable terms, devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns and devote substantially more resources to course
development than we can. In addition, it is possible that certain competitors, or potential competitors, could reduce their pricing to
levels that would make it difficult for us to compete. Increased competition may result in reduced operating margins, as well as loss
of market share and brand recognition. Our success is dependent on our ability to successfully attract customers to programs that they
feel will enhance their knowledge and enhance their earning power. Their level of satisfaction with our course offerings affects our reputation
as they tell others about their experience. Our business could suffer if we fail to deliver quality programs at acceptable price points. 

In addition, in order to compete
effectively in our markets, we may need to change our business in significant ways. For example, to respond to market competition we may
change our pricing, product, or service offerings, make key decisions about technology changes or marketing strategies, or acquire additional
businesses or technologies. Any of these actions could hurt our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Competitors
continually introduce new programs that may compete directly with our offerings that may make our offerings uncompetitive or obsolete.
Larger competitors may have superior abilities to compete for customers and skilled professionals, reducing our ability to deliver our
quality offerings to our customers. 

12 

Laws and regulations can
affect the operation of our business and may limit our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. 

Federal, state, and international
laws and regulations impact our operations and may limit our ability to obtain authorization to operate in some states or countries. Many
federal, state, and international governmental agencies assert authority to regulate providers of investment training programs. Failure
to comply with these regulations could result in legal action instituted by the jurisdictions, including cease and desist and injunctive
actions. In the event we are subject to such legal action, our reputation could be harmed and the demand for our course offerings and
products could be significantly reduced. We are involved from time to time in routine legal matters incidental to our business, including
disputes with students and information requests from state regulatory agencies. Based upon available information, we believe that the
resolution of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Future
regulatory changes with respect to the various topics of our courses or the investment techniques we teach, could also impact the content
of our course offerings, which in turn, could negatively impact future sales. 

Cyber-attacks as well as
improper disclosure or control of personal information could result in liability and harm our reputation, which could adversely affect
our business and results of operations. 

We are dependent on information
technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the
world and with our customers. Security breaches of this infrastructure could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our systems and potential
unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. We are also required at times to manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential
customer or employee data. While we take measures to protect the security of, and unauthorized access to, our systems, as well as the
privacy of personal and proprietary information, it is possible that our security controls over our systems, as well as other security
practices we follow, may not prevent the improper access to or disclosure of personally identifiable or proprietary information. In addition,
much of our financial, customer, and employee data resides on third party equipment not within our custody or control such that we cannot
prevent the improper access to or disclosure of such data or might be prevented from accessing such data for our own purposes. Any such
disclosures or inability to access our proprietary information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts
and laws that protect personal data, or negatively impact our ability to manage operations resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue.
Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions
and countries in which we provide services. 

The European Union s EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR took effect in May 2018 and requires EU member states to meet new and more stringent
requirements regarding the handling of personal data. Failure to meet the GDPR requirements could result in substantial penalties of up
to the greater of 20 million or 4 of global annual revenue of the preceding financial year. Additionally, compliance with the GDPR
has resulted in increased operational costs to implement new procedures corresponding to new legal rights granted under the law. Although
the GDPR applies across the EU without a need for local implementing legislation, local data protection authorities still have the ability
to interpret the GDPR through so-called opening clauses, which permit region-specific data protection legislation and have the potential
to create inconsistencies on a country-by-country basis. 

Our efforts to comply with GDPR
and other privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time. Our failure
to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements in this area could result in impairment
to our reputation in the marketplace and we could incur substantial penalties or litigation related to violation of existing or future
data privacy laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are highly dependent
on our senior management, high performing sales speakers and course trainers, and if we are not able to retain them or to recruit and
retain additional qualified personnel, our business could suffer. 

We are highly dependent upon our
senior management. With the departure of all of the board members and executives other than Mr. Kostiner, we do not yet know how having
a sole executive officer and director will affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the near or long term. 

13 

In addition, our business model
is predicated on our ability to provide our customers with qualified and experienced trainers, coaches, and mentors. The loss of services
of Mr. Kostiner, any future other members of our senior management, or high performing sales speakers or course trainers could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may increase our management
personnel to obtain certain additional functional capability, including regulatory, sales, business development, e-commerce, and quality
assurance and control, either by hiring additional personnel or by outsourcing these functions to qualified third parties. We may not
be able to engage these third parties on terms favorable to us. Also, we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel on
acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among companies that operate in our markets. If we fail to identify, attract,
retain and motivate highly skilled personnel, or if we lose current employees or contractors, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently do not maintain key man insurance on any member of our senior
executive management team. 

Our ability to sell and
fulfill courses may be affected by public health risks, adverse weather, natural disaster, strikes or other unpredictable or uncontrollable
events. 

Adverse weather, natural disasters,
external labor disruptions, pandemics, and other adverse events may affect our ability to conduct our business and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Public health risks, such as epidemics or pandemics, and
severe weather or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, blizzards, floods and earthquakes, and other events beyond our control may reduce
the ability or willingness of our students to travel to or otherwise attend our events. These events may also disrupt the printing and
transportation of the materials used in our direct mail campaigns. Furthermore, postal strikes could occur in the countries where we operate
which could delay and reduce delivery of our direct mail marketing materials. Transportation strikes could also occur in the countries
where we operate, adversely affecting our ability to conduct business. 

Remote working conditions
could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Following the COVID-19 pandemic,
the Company has been operating with its entire workforce working remotely. As a result, we may experience different and additional risks,
such as decreased worker productivity, supervision, or other factors that could materially adversely impact our business, financial conditions
and results of operations. In addition, extended periods of remote working could strain our technology resources and introduce operational
risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk. Remote working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks,
including phishing and social engineering attempts that seek to exploit the remote working conditions. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We may issue additional
shares of common or preferred stock that subordinate your rights and dilute your equity interests. 

We may need to raise investment
capital for us to successfully execute our business strategy and it may be preferable or necessary to issue preferred stock to investors.
Preferred stock may grant the holders certain preferential rights in voting, dividends, liquidation or other rights in preference over
a company s common stock. 

14 

The issuance by us of common or
preferred stock could dilute both the equity interests and the earnings per share of existing holders of our Common Stock. Such dilution
may be substantial, depending upon the number of shares issued. The newly authorized shares of preferred stock could also have voting
rights superior to our Common Stock, and in such event, would have a dilutive effect on the voting power of our existing stockholders. 

Any issuance of common or preferred
stock with voting rights could, under certain circumstances, have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us by increasing
the number of outstanding shares entitled to vote and by increasing the number of votes required to approve a change in control of us.
Shares of voting or convertible common or preferred stock could be issued, or rights to purchase such shares could be issued, to render
more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or otherwise. Such issuances
could therefore deprive our stockholders of benefits that could result from such an attempt, such as the realization of a premium over
the market price that such an attempt could cause. Moreover, the issuance of such shares of common or preferred stock to persons friendly
to our Board of Directors could make it more difficult to remove incumbent managers and directors from office even if such change were
to be favorable to stockholders generally. 

We do not currently have
enough authorized shares of common stock under our charter to meet all of our potential obligations to third parties. 

Our
Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation provide for 200,000,000 authorized shares of our common stock. We currently have
commitments to third parties, including pursuant to convertible debentures, warrants and options, to issue a number of shares in the aggregate
that with the 38,182,697 shares currently outstanding, would result in us issuing more shares than what we have authorized. Accordingly,
in order to meet all of such obligations, we will need to amend our charter to increase the authorized shares of our common stock. We
can give no assurance that we will obtain the requisite affirmative vote of our shareholders to so amend our charter, in which case we
may default under any such obligations to the extent we do not have the authorized shares to issue, which could adversely affect our financial
condition and the market for our shares. 

Our Common Stock has a limited
trading market, which could affect your ability to sell shares of our Common Stock and the price you may receive for our Common Stock. 

Our Common Stock is currently
traded in the over-the-counter market and bid and asked quotations regularly appear on the OTCQB maintained
by OTC Markets, Inc. under the symbol LEAI . There is limited trading volume in our securities. We cannot predict the extent
to which investors interest in our Common Stock will provide an active and liquid trading market, which could depress the trading
price of our Common Stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. We may be vulnerable
to investors taking a short position in our Common Stock, which would likely have a depressing effect on the price of our
Common Stock and add increased volatility to our trading market. The volatility of the market for our Common Stock could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There cannot be any guarantee that an active trading market
for our securities will develop or, if such a market does develop, will be sustained. Accordingly, investors must be able to bear the
financial risk of losing their entire investment in our Common Stock. 

Being an SEC reporting company
imposes costs and compliance risks. 

Compliance with the periodic reporting
requirements required by the SEC consumes a considerable amount of both internal, as well external, resources and represents a significant
cost for us. Our management will be required to administer appropriate programs and policies in responding to increased legal, regulatory
compliance, and reporting requirements, and any failure to do so could lead to the imposition of fines and penalties and harm our business. 

In addition, if we are unable
to continue to devote adequate funding and the resources needed to maintain such compliance, while continuing our operations, we may be
in non-compliance with applicable SEC rules or the securities laws, and be delisted from the OTCQB or other market we may be listed on,
which would result in a decrease in or absence of liquidity in our Common Stock, and potentially subject us and our officers and directors
to civil, criminal and/or administrative proceedings and cause us to voluntarily file for deregistration of our Common Stock with the
Commission. 

15 

Future sales of our Common
Stock in the public market could lower the price of our Common Stock, dilute your equity interests, and impair our ability to raise funds
in future securities offerings. 

We may decide to raise additional
capital through the sale of our securities or through other instruments both of which could result in the issuance of additional shares
of our Common Stock. The issuance by us of Common Stock could dilute both the equity interests and the earnings per share of existing
holders of our Common Stock. Such dilution may be substantial, depending upon the number of shares issued. In addition, future issuances
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely
affect the then prevailing market price of our Common Stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds in the future through
the sale of our securities. 

In the event we raise capital
through a private placement of our Common Stock and/or other securities convertible into shares of our Common Stock, such offering could
dilute both the equity interests and the earnings per share of our stockholders. Such dilution may be substantial, depending upon the
number of shares issued in any potential private placement. 

The market price of our
Common Stock may be volatile and may be affected by market conditions beyond our control. 

The market for our Common Stock
is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue to
be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors.
First, our shares of Common Stock are sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price
for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of shares of our Common Stock are sold on the
market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its
share price. Second, we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited operating history, and uncertainty of future
market acceptance for our potential products. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-averse investors may, under the fear of
losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the
market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond
our control and may decrease the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions
or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our Common Stock will be at any time, including as to whether our Common Stock
will sustain its current market price, or as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability of Common Stock for sale at any time
will have on the prevailing market price. 

The market price of our Common
Stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

changes in our financial performance or a change in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 

announcements of innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; 

the emergence of new competitors or success of our existing competitors; 

operating and market price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable; 

changes in our Board of Directors or management; 

sales or purchases of our Common Stock by insiders; 

commencement of, or involvement in, litigation; 

changes in governmental regulations; 

general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets; and 

other risks related to our business as set forth above. 

16 

In addition, if the market for
stock in our industry, or the stock market in general, experience a loss of investor confidence, the market price of our Common Stock
could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it
could cause the price of our Common Stock to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend
and distract our Board of Directors and management. 

We do not intend to pay
dividends for the foreseeable future, and you must rely on increases in the market prices of our Common Stock for returns on your investment. 

For the foreseeable future, we
intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our Common Stock. Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation to earn an
investment return, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our Common Stock. Any determination to
pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, financial
condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

We are subject to penny
stock regulations and restrictions, and you may have difficulty selling shares of our Common Stock. 

The Commission has adopted regulations
which generally define so-called penny stocks as an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share
or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our Common Stock is a penny stock , and
we are subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally,
individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouses). For
transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule affects the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and affects the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market. 

For any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared
by the Commission relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the
broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to
be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. 

There can be no assurance that
our shares of Common Stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our Common Stock were exempt from
the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the Commission the authority to restrict
any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock if the Commission finds that such a restriction would be in the public
interest. 

In addition to the penny
stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority has adopted similar rules that may also limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our Common Stock. FINRA rules require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have
reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for such customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities
to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a
high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make
it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell
our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

17 

Anti-takeover provisions
could limit the ability of a third party to acquire us. 

On February 15, 2017, we adopted
a limited duration Shareholder Rights Plan (the Plan ). Under the Plan, one preferred stock purchase right will be distributed
for each share of common stock held by stockholders of record on March 2, 2017. The rights will trade with the common stock and will not
be separable or exercisable until such time as the Plan is triggered. The Plan was scheduled to expire on February 15, 2019, subject to
the Company s right to extend such date, unless earlier redeemed or exchanged by the Company or terminated. 

On November 12, 2018, our Board
of Directors approved an amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of February 16, 2017 by and between the Company and VStock Transfer
LLC (VStock), as Rights Agent (the Rights Agreement ), to (i) extend the Final Expiration Date, as defined in the Rights
Agreement, to the close of business on February 15, 2021, and (ii) to provide for the construction of the Rights Agreement and all other
related documents in a manner consistent with the extension of the Final Expiration Date. 

On November 25, 2019, we entered
into an assumption agreement with Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. (Broadridge), whereby Broadridge assumes the role of Rights
Agent under the Rights Agreement, effectively replacing VStock as Rights Agent. 

On February 12, 2021, our Board
of Directors approved an amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of February 16, 2017 by and between the Company and Broadridge Corporate
Issuer Solutions, Inc., successor to VStock Transfer LLC (VStock), as Rights Agent (the Rights Agreement ), to (i) extend
the Final Expiration Date, as defined in the Rights Agreement, to the close of business on February 15, 2023, and (ii) to provide for
the construction of the Rights Agreement and all other related documents in a manner consistent with the extension of the Final Expiration
Date. 

The extension of the Final Expiration
Date under the Rights Agreement was entered into to ensure that our Board of Directors would continue to have sufficient time to consider
any proposal from a third party that might result in a change in control of the Company, to ensure that all stockholders receive fair
and equal treatment in the event of any such a proposal, and to encourage any potential acquirer to negotiate with the Board of Directors.
In addition, extending the Rights Agreement will guard against partial tender offers, open market accumulations and other coercive tactics
aimed at gaining control of the Company without paying all stockholders a full control premium for their shares. The Rights Agreement
was not amended in response to any specific takeover offer. 

The Nevada Revised Statutes, which
is the general corporate law applicable to us, contain provisions governing an acquisition of controlling interest of us. These provisions
provide generally that any person or entity that acquires a certain percentage of our outstanding voting shares may be denied voting rights
with respect to the acquired shares, unless the acquisition is approved by both (i) the holders of a majority of the voting shares of
our stock, and (ii) if the acquisition would adversely alter or change any preference or other right given to any other class or series
of outstanding shares, the holders of a majority of each class or series effected, excluding the shares held by any interested person
(including, such acquiring person or entity, an officer or a director of the corporation, and an employee of the corporation). This provision
of the Nevada Revised Statutes could impede an acquisition of us even if a premium would be paid to our stockholders for their shares. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

18 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The following table sets forth our office locations
as of December 31, 2022: 

Purpose 
 Location 
 Own/lease 
 Approximate footage 
 Lease expiration 
 
 Executive offices 
 Cape Coral, FL 
 Lease 
 1,605 
 9/30/2023 
 
 Executive offices 
 San Diego, CA 
 Lease 
 2,792 
 10/3/2023 

4,397 

On October 1, 2020, 1612 E. Cape
Coral Parkway Holding Co., LLC Seller ), a subsidiary of the Company, closed on the sale of the real property and improvements
located at 1612 E. Cape Coral Parkway, Cape Coral, Florida (the Property for 2.5 million to Daniel Thom, as Trustee of
Torstonbo Trust, a Florida revocable trust Buyer). A portion of the proceeds realized by the Seller from the sale of the Property
were used to satisfy Seller s obligations under a Promissory Note Note and Mortgage, Assignment of Rents, and Security
Agreement (collectively, the Loan Documents entered into on August 6, 2020, with Northern Equity Group, Inc., JKH Ventures,
Inc., and Donald Ross, LLC pursuant to which Seller had borrowed the principal amount of 1 million. The Seller s obligations under
the Loan Documents were secured by a first mortgage on the Property. The net proceeds realized by the Seller from the sale of the Property
were 1.24 million after deductions for repayment of the Note, broker commissions, and other fees, and costs. 

The Property served as the Company s
headquarters until its sale date. On October 1, 2020, the Company relocated the headquarters to 1490 N.E. Pine Island Road, Suite 5D,
Cape Coral, FL 33909 and entered into a two-year operating lease for the new 1,600 square feet office and warehouse space. The new lease
provides the Company an option to extend the term of the lease for a third year. The lease obligation is approximately 32 thousand plus
other costs for shared services, maintenance, and sales tax over the course of its life. 

We believe that our facilities
are adequate for our current purposes. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

See Note 16 Commitments
and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report
for information about legal proceedings in which we are involved. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

19 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our shares
of Common Stock are quoted on the OTCQB Market under the symbol LEAI. Prior to our Merger, our shares were quoted on the OTCQB Market
under the symbol PRCD commencing on April 7, 2014. The following table shows the high and low bid prices of our common stock for the periods
indicated. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commissions, and may not represent actual
transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.175 
 0.1021 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.170 
 0.0791 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.185 
 0.1010 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.190 
 0.0560 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.12 
 0.06 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.14 
 0.08 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.16 
 0.06 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.17 
 0.08 

Holders 

As of
December 31, 2022, there were approximately 378 registered stockholders of record for our Common Stock. The number of stockholders
does not include beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We have
not paid out any cash dividends for the past two years and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable
future. 

Penny Stock Regulation 

Shares
of our Common Stock have been and will likely continue to be subject to rules adopted the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices in
connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00
(other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ or NYSE system, provided that current
price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system). The penny stock
rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, deliver a standardized risk
disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which contains the following: 

a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities laws; 

a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

definitions of significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 

such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format), as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

Prior to effecting any transaction in penny stock,
the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following: 

the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; 

the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and 

monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

20 

In addition,
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must
make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and
a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading
activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. Holders of shares of our Common Stock may
have difficulty selling those shares because our Common Stock will probably be subject to the penny stock rules. 

ITEM 6. [ RESERVED ] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

INTRODUCTION 

Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to
those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors and below under the caption Outlook. Actual results may differ materially from
those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Business Overview 

We are
a provider of practical, high-quality, and value-based educational training on the topics of personal finance, entrepreneurship, real
estate, and financial markets, including investment strategies and techniques. Our programs are offered through a variety of formats and
channels, including free workshops, basic trainings, forums, telephone mentoring, one-on-one mentoring, coaching and e-learning. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our education operations were limited. 

Our students
pay for their courses in full up-front or through payment agreements with independent third parties. Under United States of America generally
accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), we recognize revenue upon the earlier of (i) when our students take their courses
or (ii) the term for taking their course expires, both of which could be several quarters after the student purchases a program and pays
the fee. We recognize revenue immediately when we sell (i) our proprietary products delivered at time of sale and (ii) third party products.
Our symposiums and forums combine multiple advanced training courses in one location, allowing us to achieve certain economies of scale
that reduce costs and improve margins while also accelerating U.S. GAAP revenue recognition, while at the same time, enhancing our students 
experience, particularly, for example, through the opportunity to network with other students. 

We also
provide a richer experience for our students through one-on-one mentoring (two to four days in length, on site or remotely) and telephone
mentoring (10 to 16 weekly one-on-one or one-on-many telephone sessions). Mentoring involves a subject matter expert interacting with
the student remotely or in person and guiding the student, for example, through his or her first real estate transaction, providing a
real hands-on experience. 

We were
founded in 1996, and through a reverse merger, became a publicly-held company in November 2014. Legacy Education has touched more than
five million students from more than 150 countries and territories over the course of its operating history. Its curriculum is designed
to help people progress from beginner to educated investor. 

Historically,
our operations have been managed through three operating segments: (i) North America, (ii) United Kingdom, and (iii) Other Foreign Markets.
We no longer operate under our United Kingdom and Other Foreign Markets segments. 

21 

Since
January 1, 2022, we have operated under five brands: Legacy Elite, Legacy Building Wealth Club, Legacy Degree (affordable, accredited
degree completion), Legacy Capital, and non-profit division, Legacy Open Library. 

We have
recently commenced various strategic initiatives and are embarking on a number of transactions, which we expect will strengthen the Company s
balance sheet and strategic positioning, including relationships with Brian Page and multiple education guidance counselors, marketers
and non-profits. Further, the foundation of our proposed Nasdaq uplisting includes the potential spinoff of the existing Legacy Education
business, which was previously approved by shareholders, and the proposed acquisition of Coopersmith Career Consulting, each of which
are in process but we can give no assurance at this time of success. 

Recent Developments 

Impact from COVID-19 Coronavirus . 

Historically,
our operations have relied significantly on our and our students ability to travel and attend live events where large groups of
people gather in local markets within each of the segments in which we operate. Following the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic, worldwide
restrictions on travel, and social distancing, we temporarily ceased conducting live sales, fulfillment activities, and furloughed substantially
all of our employees. After several months, we resumed the sale of our online, on-demand, and over-the-phone products and related fulfillment
activities. In December 2021, we decided to suspend live in-person events. Following the impact of COVID-19 on our business, we decided
to streamline our product offerings throughout 2022 and restructure our compensation program with respect to both employees and independent
contractors to reduce costs and improve margins, but there can be no assurances that we will be effective in selling our products and
services, or what impact these activities will have on our financial performance. We are not able to fully quantify the impact that these
factors had on our financial performance throughout 2022 and what impact they may continue to have. 

Results of Operations 

Our financial
results continue to be significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the severity and scope of the pandemic, the pace at which
governmental and private travel restrictions and public concerns about public gathering will ease, the rate at which historically large
increases of unemployment rates will decrease, and the speed with which the economy recovers are all factors that impacted our financial
results. In addition, our financial results were impacted due to the winding down our Rich Dad brand and other matters as disclosed in
the litigation section of Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our Results of Operations in 2022 and 2021 were as
follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 1,084 
 7,710 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Direct course expenses 
 456 
 2,294 
 
 Advertising and sales expenses 
 223 
 1,636 
 
 Royalty expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 2,647 
 4,195 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 3,326 
 8,125 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 (2,242 
 (415 
 
 Other expense: 

Interest expense, net 
 (453 
 (524 
 
 Other expense, net 
 3 
 8 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 1,148 
 910 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 698 
 394 
 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (1,544 
 (21 
 
 Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (58 
 (716 
 
 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 (1,602 
 (737 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 0 
 171 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 
 171 
 
 Less: Net Income attributable to Non controlling
 interest 
 91 

Net income (loss) 
 (1,511 
 (566 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share - continuing operations 
 (0.04 
 (0.02 
 
 Basic earnings (loss) per common share - discontinued operations 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share 
 (0.04 
 (0.02 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share - continuing operations 
 (0.04 
 (0.02 
 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share - discontinued operations 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 
 (0.04 
 (0.02 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 
 35,486 
 29,187 
 
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 35,486 
 29,187 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income (loss) 
 (1,511 
 (566 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of 0 
 756 
 421 
 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) 
 (755 
 (145 

22 

Our operating results expressed
as a percentage of revenue are set forth in the table below: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 100 
 100 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Direct course expenses 
 42 
 30 
 
 Advertising and sales expenses 
 20.6 
 21.22 
 
 Royalty expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 244 
 54 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 307 
 105 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 (207 
 (5 
 
 Other expense: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 42 
 (7 
 
 Other expense, net 
 (0 
 0 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 (106 
 12 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (64 
 5 
 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (142 
 (0 
 
 Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (5 
 (9 
 
 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 (148 
 (10 
 
 Income from discontinued operations 
 - 
 2 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (148 
 (7 

Outlook 

Cash
sales were 50 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease
of 1.85 million or 97.4 . The decrease was driven by the temporary suspension of live in-person events and ongoing student fulfillment
in the North America segment. 

We believe
that cash sales remain an important metric when evaluating our operating performance. Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, we recognize revenue upon
the earlier of (i) when our students take their courses or (ii) the term for taking their course expires, both of which could be several
quarters after the student purchases a program. Our students pay for their courses in full up-front or through payment agreements with
independent third parties. 

Due to the economic severity of
the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, live in-person events were suspended
in December 2021 to assess the Company s strategic plan for fiscal year 2022 and beyond. The impact of the temporary suspension
of live events has caused a material adverse effect on our operations and results of operations and the extent of its continuing impact
is currently unknown. 

Operating Segments 

Historically, our operations are
managed through three operating segments: (i) North America, (ii) United Kingdom, and (iii) Other Foreign Markets. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 As a percentage of total revenue 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 North America 
 100 
 65.1 
 
 U.K. 
 
 34.9 
 
 Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated revenue 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Operating results for the segments
are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Segment revenue 
 (In thousands) 
 
 North America 
 1,084 
 5,021 
 
 U.K. 
 
 2,689 
 
 Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated revenue 
 1,084 
 7,710 

North America 

Revenue
derived in the North America segment majorly pertained to real estate-related education, and also included the remaining to financial
markets training. We are continuing to develop methods of connecting to our students, diversify products, and develop proprietary brands
in order to increase the North America segment. Revenue derived from our Homemade Investor brand was 0 and
 0.4 million and or as a percentage of total segment revenue was 0 and 8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, There was no
revenue derived from the Rich Dad brands in our North America segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2.5 million or as a percentage
of total segment revenue at 50 for the year ended December 31 2021. 

23 

The North America segment revenue
was 1.1 million and 5 million or as a percentage of total revenue was 100 and 65.1 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

The decrease in revenue of 3.9
million or 78 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, was due to the
temporary suspension of events during the year ended December 31, 2022. We held no events in 2022, to generate any revenue from attendances.

U.K. 

Revenue derived from the Rich
Dad brands in our U.K. segment was 0 and 1.8 million or as a percentage of total segment revenue was 0 and 66.7 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority pertained to real estate-related education, with the balance pertaining to
financial markets training. With the discontinued operations of UK Legacy, our U.K. segment is no longer as diverse. 

The
U.K. segment revenue was 0 and 2.7 million or as a percentage of total revenue was 0 and 34.9 for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in revenue of 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same
period in 2021 was due to decrease in revenue from expired contracts of 2.7 million and
satisfying all outstanding obligations to students of our subsidiary Elite Legacy Education UK Ltd within the U.K. segment. There is
no current sales activity in this segment. 

Other Foreign Markets 

Historically,
we have operated in other foreign markets, including Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Hong Kong and other European, Asian and African
countries. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we liquidated certain entities that operated in this segment, resulting in zero revenues
and expenses from continuing operations in the other foreign markets segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively. We are no longer actively selling in these markets. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31,
2021 

Revenue 

Revenue was 1.1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 6.6 million or 86 . The
decrease in revenue was mainly due to restructuring the Company. We are looking at new partnerships along with restructuring how we hold
events and distribute purchased material to students. We are planning on moving away from the deferred revenue process to instant revenue. 

Cash sales were 50 thousand for
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.85 million or 97.4 .
The decrease was driven by the temporary suspension of live in-person events and ongoing student fulfilment in the North America segment 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating costs and expenses
were 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 4.8
million or 59.1 . The decrease was due to a 1.8 million decrease in direct course expenses, a 1.45 million decrease in advertising and
sales expenses, and a 1.55 million decrease in general and administrative expenses. 

Direct course expenses 

Direct course expenses relate
to our free preview workshops, basic and elite training, and individualized mentoring programs, consisting of instructor fees, facility
costs, salaries, commissions and fees associated with our field representatives and related travel expenses. Direct course expenses were
 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.8 million
or 78.26 , which was related to decreases in sales and training compensation, due to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on consumers. 

Advertising and sales expenses 

We generally obtain most of our
potential customers through internet-based advertising. Advertising and sales expenses consist of purchased media to generate registrations
to our free preview workshops and costs associated with supporting customer recruitment. We obtain the majority of our customers through
free preview workshops. Historically, these preview workshops are offered in various metropolitan areas in North America, United Kingdom,
and other international markets. Prior to the actual workshop, we spend a significant amount of money in the form of advertising through
various media channels. 

24 

Advertising and sales expenses
were 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.4
million or 87.5 . As a percentage of revenue, advertising and sales expenses were 20.6 and 21.2 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The increase is primarily related to the decrease in COVID-19 restrictions on our ability to operate and resuming
live events. 

Royalty expenses 

We are required to pay royalties
under the licensing and related agreements pursuant to which we develop, market, and sell Rich Dad and Homemade Investor branded live
seminars, training courses, and related products worldwide. There were no royalty expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively due to transitioning sales to our proprietary Building Wealth with Legacy TM. 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses primarily consist of compensation,
benefits, insurance, professional fees, facilities expenses and travel expenses for the corporate staff, as well as depreciation and amortization
expenses. General and administrative expenses were 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.6 million, or 38 . 

Gain on forgiveness of
PPP Loan 

During
the year ended 2022 we were notified that our second draw PPP loan was forgiven, which amounts to 1.15 million. 

In
March 2021, we were notified that Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc sold substantially all of its PPP loans, including ELE s loan,
to The Loan Source, Inc. TLS ), which, together with its servicing partner, ACAP SME, LLC, took over the forgiveness
and ongoing servicing process for ELE s PPP loan. On August 4, 2021, we received notice from TLS that its First Draw PPP Loan
had been partially forgiven in the amount of 899.0 thousand in principal and 11.0 thousand in interest. Thus, during the year
ended December 31, 2021, we recognized the gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan in the total amount of 910.0 thousand (see Note 6
 Short-Term and Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated financial statements for further discussion). 

Income tax expense 

We
recorded income tax expense 0.06 million and 0.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, a 0.64 million decrease in income tax expense. 

Our effective
tax rate was (3.8) and (3409.5) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our effective tax rates differed from
the U.S. statutory corporate tax rate of 21.0 , primarily because of the mix of pre-tax income or loss earned in certain jurisdictions,
and intercompany activities . 

We record a valuation
allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We have retained
a full valuation allowances of 3.5 million against the deferred tax assets of our Australian, Canadian, U.K., Hong Kong, and South Africa
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and December 31 2021. The most significant negative factor that
was considered in determining whether a valuation allowance was required is a cumulative recent history of losses in all jurisdictions
for the entities mentioned above. 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Net loss from continuing operations
was 1.6 million or 0.04) per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income from continuing
operations of 0.7 million or (0.02) per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease in net income
from continuing operations of 0.9 million. 

25 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net income from discontinued operations
was 0.0 million or 0.0 per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income from discontinued
operations of 0.1 million or 0.0 per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. In
addition to the estimates presented below, there are other items within our consolidated financial statements that require estimation
but are not deemed critical as defined below. We believe these estimates are reasonable and appropriate. However, if actual experience
differs from the assumptions and other considerations used, the resulting changes could have a material effect on the financial statements
taken as a whole. 

Management believes that the following
policies and estimates are critical because they involve significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates. Historically, management has
discussed the development and selection of the critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and the
Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosures presented below relating to those policies and estimates. We currently do not have an audit
committee. 

Long-Lived Assets 

We evaluate the carrying amount
of our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. We record an impairment loss when indications of impairment are present and undiscounted cash flows estimated to be
generated by those assets are less than assets carrying value. We evaluate the remaining life and recoverability of long-lived
assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. At such time,
we estimate the future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual dispositions and, if lower than the carrying
amounts, adjust the carrying amount of the assets to their estimated fair value. Because of our changing business conditions including
current and projected level of income, business trends, prospects and market conditions, our estimates of cash flows to be generated from
our operations could change materially, resulting in the need to record additional impairment charges. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue when our
customers obtain control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which we expect to receive in exchange
for those goods or services, in accordance with Topic 606. 

We adopted Topic 606 using the
modified retrospective method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of January 1, 2018. Revenue amounts presented in
our consolidated financial statements are recognized net of sales tax, value-added taxes, and other taxes. 

In the normal course of business,
we recognize revenue based on the customers attendance of the course, mentoring training, coaching session or delivery of the software,
data or course materials on-line. After a customer contract expires, we record breakage revenue less a reserve for cases where we allow
a customer to attend after expiration. We had deferred revenue of 3.5 million and 4.4 million related to contractual commitments with
customers where the performance obligation will be satisfied over time, which ranges from one to two years as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The revenue associated with these performance obligations is recognized as the obligation is satisfied. 

26 

The following table disaggregates
our segment revenue by revenue source: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue Type: 
 North America 
 U.K. 
 Other foreign markets 
 Total Consolidated Revenue 
 North America 
 U.K. 
 Other foreign markets 
 Total Consolidated Revenue 

(In thousands) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Seminars 
 1,082 

1,082 
 4,564 
 880 
 
 5,444 
 
 Products 
 2 

2 
 199 

199 
 
 Coaching and Mentoring 

Online and Subscription 

76 

76 
 
 Other 

182 
 1,809 
 
 1,991 
 
 Total revenue 
 1,084 

1,084 
 5,021 
 2,689 
 
 7,710 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes in
conformity with the requirements of ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Per ASC 740, the provision for income taxes
is calculated using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities,
at enacted income tax rates, based on the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets
and liabilities. We include any effects of changes in income tax rates or tax laws in the provision for income taxes in the period of
enactment. When it is more likely than not that a portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized in the future, we provide
a corresponding valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset. 

ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold of more likely
than not and a measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. In making this assessment, a company must determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained
upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the position and must assume that the tax position will be examined by taxing
authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosures
and transition. 

Accounting for Litigation and Settlements 

We are involved in various legal
proceedings. Due to their nature, such legal proceedings involve inherent uncertainties including, but not limited to, court rulings,
negotiations between affected parties, and the possibility of governmental intervention. Management assesses the probability of loss for
such contingencies and accrues a liability and/or discloses the relevant circumstances as appropriate. While certain of these matters
involve substantial amounts, management believes, based on available information, that the ultimate resolution of such legal proceedings
will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

The critical accounting policies
discussed above are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment
of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., with no need for management s
judgment in their application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would
not produce a materially different result. 

27 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Known Trends and Uncertainties 

In general, we believe we will
experience an increase in demand for our products and services compared to prior periods as we develop our Building Wealth with Legacy
 TM brand and other revenue streams. We believe that our products and services appeal to those who seek increased financial
freedom. If we experience a prolonged decline in demand for our products and services, it could have a material adverse effect on our
future operating results. 

Historically, we have funded our
working capital and capital expenditures using cash and cash equivalents on hand. However, given our decreased operating cash flows during
the past two years combined, it has been necessary for us to manage our cash position to ensure the future viability of our business.
Our cash flows are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, earnings, favorable terms from our merchant
processors, seasonality, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

We continue to take steps to ensure
our expenses are in line with our projected cash sales and liquidity requirements for 2022 and based upon current and anticipated levels
of operations, we believe cash and cash equivalents on hand will not be sufficient to fund our expected financial obligations and anticipated
liquidity requirements for the fiscal year 2023. However, we are exploring alternative sources of capital, but there can be no assurances
any such capital will be obtained. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit, a working capital deficit and
a negative cash flow from operating activities. These circumstances raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate profits by expanding current operations as well as
reducing our costs and increasing our operating margins, and to sustain adequate working capital to finance our operations. The failure
to achieve the necessary levels of profitability and cash flows would be detrimental to us. 

The following is a summary of
our cash flow activities for the periods stated (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,023 
 (4,832 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,916 
 3,102 
 
 Effect of exchange rate differences on cash 
 1,380 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (727 
 (1,730 

Operating Cash Flows and Liquidity 

Net cash used in operating activities
was 4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash used in operating activities of 4.8 million in the year ended
December 31, 2021, representing a period-over-period decrease of 0.8 million. This decrease was primarily the result of a decrease in
current liabilities for deferred course expense 2022 compared to 2021. 

Investing Cash Flows 

Net cash provided by investing
activities totaled 0.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Financing Cash Flows 

Our consolidated capital structure
as of December 31, 2022 was 24 debt and 76 equity. As of December 31, 2021, our consolidated capital structure was 17 debt and 83 
equity. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities totaled 1.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, including our net proceeds from borrowings. Net cash provided
by financing activities totaled 3.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We expect that our working capital
deficit, which is primarily a result of our significant deferred revenue balance, will continue for the foreseeable future. As of December
31, 2022, and 2021, our consolidated current deferred revenue was 3.5 million and 4.4 million, respectively. 

Our cash and cash equivalents
were, and continue to be, invested in short-term, liquid, money market funds. Restricted cash balances consisted primarily of funds on
deposit with credit card processors and cash collateral with our credit card vendors. Restricted cash balances held by credit card processors
are unavailable to us unless we discontinue sale of our products or discontinue the usage of a vendor s credit card. As sales of
the products and services related to our domestic business have decreased, our credit card vendors have not returned funds held as collateral,
resulting in higher restricted cash balances. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required. 

28 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has a negative working capital, has an accumulated deficit and has negative operating
cash flow that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/s/ 

www.ramassociates.us 

PCAOB ID: 5814 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

May 19, 2023 

F- 2 

LEGACY EDUCATION ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Deferred course expenses 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventory 

Discontinued operations current assets 

Total current assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Discontinued operations-other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Royalties payable 

Accrued course expenses 

Accrued salaries, wages and benefits 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Other accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Short-term related party debt, net of unamortized debt discount of 

Current portion of long term debt, net of unamortized debt discount of 

Discontinued operations-current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current portion and net of unamortized debt discount 

Deferred tax liability, net 

Other long term liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued 

Common stock, 
 par value; 
 authorized; and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment 

Accumulated deficit 

Non Controlling Interest 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

LEGACY EDUCATION ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Direct course expenses 

Advertising and sales expenses 

Royalty expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other expense: 

Interest expense, net 
 
 - 
 
 Other expense, net 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan 

Total other expense, net 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Income from discontinued operations 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Less: Net Income attributable to Non controlling interest 

Net income (loss) 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share - continuing operations 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share - discontinued operations 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share - continuing operations 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share - discontinued operations 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Comprehensive income: 

Net income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

LEGACY EDUCATION ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit 

 (In thousands) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 adjustment 
 deficit 
 
 Interest 
 
 deficit 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Cumulative foreign currency translation 
 Accumulated 
 
 Non controlling 
 
 Total stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 adjustment 
 deficit 
 
 Interest 
 
 deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock 

Shares issued as per forbearance agreement 

Treasury stock 

Issuance of common stock 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of 

Net loss 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

Balance 

() 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Cumulative foreign currency translation 
 Accumulated 
 Total stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 adjustment 
 deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Balance 

Share-based compensation expense 

Cancellation of common stock 

Common stock issued for stock option purchase 

Common stock and warrants issued for notes payable to related party from conversion of senior secured convertible debt related party debt discount 

Beneficial conversion feature for senior secured convertible debenture 

Beneficial conversion feature for senior secured convertible debenture-related party 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

LEGACY EDUCATION ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Less net income from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Share-based compensation 

Cancellation of common stock 

Amortization of debt discount 

Gain on debt extinguishment (PPP loan forgiveness) 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Deferred course expenses 

Prepaid expenses and other receivable 

Inventory 

Other assets 

Accounts payable-trade 

Royalties payable 
 - 

Accrued course expenses 

Accrued salaries, wages and benefits 

Operating lease liability 

Other accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities - continuing operations 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities - discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from the sale of investment property 

Proceeds from sale property and equipment 

Net cash provided by investing activities - continuing operations 

Net cash used in investing activities - discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Principal payments on debt 

Proceeds from borrowing Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Proceeds from debentures including related parties 

Issuance of common stock for stock option purchase 

Net cash provided by financing activities - continuing operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities - discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate differences on cash 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period, including cash in discontinued operations 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash received during the period for income taxes, net of tax payments 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activity: 

Supplemental non-cash amounts of lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets/(decrease) of lease liability due to cancellation of leases 

Non-cash disposal of property 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock and warrants issued from conversion of senior convertible debenture related party 

Initial recognition of beneficial conversion feature for senior secured convertible debt - related party 

Note payable issued for insurance policy financing 

F- 6 

LEGACY EDUCATION ALLIANCE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The Company s operations
are managed through operating segments: (i) North America, (ii) United Kingdom, and (iii) Other Foreign Markets. 

Since January 1, 2020, Legacy has operated
under two brands: 

Building Wealth with Legacy TM : provides practical, high-quality and value-based educational training on the topics of personal finance, entrepreneurship, real estate, financial markets and investing strategies and techniques. This training program encompasses hands-on experience and the true spirit of investing from beginner to educated investor. During the fiscal year 2022, the Company marketed products and services exclusively under this brand. 

Homemade Investor by Tarek El Moussa TM introduces people to the investor mindset, real estate investing strategies, and ways to generate cash flow that are designed to help build a foundation of knowledge for their financial goals. Homemade Investor events offered nationwide free workshops, 3-day trainings and large stage events with Tarek presenting as the keynote speaker, all selling into our advanced training products. In November 2020, the Company suspended conducting Homemade Investor by Tarek El Moussa TM sales events to focus on developing its proprietary Building Wealth with Legacy TM . 

Merger . On November 10,
2014, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of such date (the Merger Agreement by and among
(i) PRCD, a Nevada corporation, (ii) Priced In Corp. Subsidiary, a Colorado corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PRCD PRCD
Sub ), (iii) Tigrent Inc., a Colorado corporation TIGE ), and (iv) Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc., a Colorado
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of TIGE Legacy Holdings ). On November 10, 2014, pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
PRCD Sub merged with and into Legacy Holdings (the Merger ), with Legacy Holdings surviving the Merger and becoming a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company acquiring the business of Legacy Holdings. 

Basis of Presentation. 
The terms Legacy Education Alliance, Inc., the Company, we, our, us 
or Legacy as used in this report refer collectively to Legacy Education Alliance, Inc., a Nevada corporation Legacy ),
the registrant, which was formerly known as Priced In Corp., and, unless the context otherwise requires, together with its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc., a Colorado corporation, other operating subsidiaries and any predecessor of Legacy
Education Alliance Holdings, including Tigrent Inc., a Colorado corporation. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. As discussed in Note 4 Discontinued Operations , the sale of Legacy Education Alliance International
Ltd (Legacy UK) assets and deferred revenue is reflected as a discontinued operation in the consolidated financial statements. 

Reclassification. We
have reclassified certain amounts in our prior-period financial statements to conform to the current period s presentation. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the cash flow statement 

Residential rental properties 
 years 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 
 - 
 
 Purchased software 

Residential rental properties
generate monthly income from individual tenants. Income from these properties is recognized and included in other income. We no longer
have any residential rental properties as these were transferred to the administrators in the UK in December 2020 (See Note 5 Property
and Equipment below). 

Leasehold improvements are amortized
over the shorter of the estimated useful asset life or the remaining term of the applicable lease. 

In accordance with U.S. GAAP,
we evaluate the carrying amount of our long-lived assets such as property and equipment, and finite-lived intangible assets subject to
amortization for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets held and used is measured by the comparison of its carrying amount with the future net cash flows the asset is
expected to generate. We look primarily to the undiscounted future cash flows in the assessment of whether or not long-lived assets have
been impaired. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized
for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. 

million and million related to contractual commitments with
customers where the performance obligation will be satisfied over time, which ranges from one to two years as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The revenue associated with these performance obligations is recognized as the obligation is satisfied. 

Products 

Coaching and Mentoring 
 - 

Online and Subscription 

Other 
 - 

Total revenue 

and
 million, respectively. 

On March 7, 2021, Tigrent Canada,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc., filed an assignment in bankruptcy under section 49 of the Canada Bankruptcy
and Insolvency Act (the Act in the Office of the Superintendent of Bankruptcy Canada, District of Ontario, Division of
Toronto, Court No. 31-2718213. Also on March 7, 2021, A. Farber Partners was appointed trustee of the estate of Tigrent Canada.
The trustee will wind down the business of Tigrent Canada and make distributions, if any, to its creditors in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Act. At the first meeting of creditors held on March 23, 2021, the creditors of Tigrent Canada approved the appointment
of A. Farber Partners as trustee of the estate of Tigrent Canada. 

On October 28, 2019, four creditors
of Legacy UK, one of our UK subsidiaries, obtained an order from the High Court of Justice, Business and Property Courts of England and
Wales (the English Court with respect to the business and affairs of Legacy UK. Pursuant to the Administration Order of
November 15, 2019 from the English Court, the two individuals appointed as administrators engaged a third party to market Legacy UK s
business and assets for sale to one or more third parties. On November 26, 2019, Legacy UK s assets and deferred revenues sold for
 thousand (British pounds) to Mayflower Alliance LTD. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of Legacy UK. Further details,
including the resolution of claims and liabilities, and other information regarding the administration may not be forthcoming for several
months. The impact of this transaction is reflected as a discontinued operation in the consolidated financial statements. We are awaiting
outcome from the meeting of the creditors on March 25, 2022. 

Total major classes of assets - discontinued operations 

Major classes of liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued course expenses 

Other accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Total major classes of liabilities - discontinued operations 

The financial results of the discontinued
operations are as follows: 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Revenue 
 - 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Income tax benefit (expense) 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 

Furniture and fixtures 

Building and leasehold improvements 

Property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense on the property
and equipment in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. 

EDIL Loan 

Debt Discount 

Senior Secured Convertible Debenture, net 

Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Paycheck Protection Program loan 2 

IPFS Insurance Premium Note Payable 
 - 

Total debt 

Less current portion of long-term debt 

Total long-term debt, net of current portion 

Debt Discount-related party 
 - 

Senior Secured Convertible Debenture - related party, net 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total debt 

First
Draw Paycheck Protection Program Note Agreement. 

On
April 27, 2020, Elite Legacy Education, Inc. ELE ), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Promissory Note in favor
of Pacific Premier Bank PPBI ), the lender, through the Small Business Administration SBA Paycheck Protection
Program PPP established pursuant to the CARES Act. The unsecured loan (the First Draw PPP Loan proceeds
were in the amount of . The First Draw PPP Loan bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum and is payable in of interest only and a final payment of the full principal plus interest for one month. Under the terms of the CARES Act, PPP
loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness will be
determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of loan proceeds for payroll costs and mortgage interest, rent or utility costs
and the maintenance of employee and compensation levels. 

In
March 2021, ELE was notified that PPBI sold substantially all of its PPP loans, including the First Draw PPP Loan, to The Loan
Source, Inc. TLS ), which, together with its servicing partner, ACAP SME, LLC, took over the forgiveness and ongoing
servicing process for the First Draw PPP Loan. On August 4, 2021, ELE received notice from TLS that its First Draw PPP Loan had been
partially forgiven in the amount of 
thousand in principal and 
thousand in interest. The remaining outstanding principal balance of 
million was originally due on . On March 29, 2022, the documents to extend the maturity date to April 24, 2025 was signed. The extension agreement
was executed on April 1, 2022. The loan is a term of sixty months at 
interest rate with monthly payments in the amount of 
thousand. Interest paid was 
thousand and .0
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Senior
Secured Convertible Debenture and Exercise of Conversion Rights. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company issued a 
thousand Senior Secured Convertible Debenture LTP Debenture to Legacy Tech Partners, LLC LTP ), a
related party. The LTP Debenture accrues interest at a rate of 
and is due on the earlier of the occurrence of certain liquidity events with respect to the Company and March 8, 2022. The LTP
Debenture may be converted at any time after the issue date into shares of the Company s Common Stock (the LTP
Conversion Shares at a price equal to 
per share. Together with each LTP Conversion Share, a warrant will be issued with a strike price of 
per share and an expiration date of (the LTP Warrants ). Under the term of the original LTP Debenture, LTP had an obligation to lend the
Company an additional 
thousand under the same terms prior to June 30, 2022, and an option to fund an additional million
under the same terms prior to March 8, 2024. LTP also has the option to extend the maturity date of each loan it makes to the
Company, including the initial loan of 
thousand for a term not to exceed four years from the original maturity date of that loan. Net proceeds were 
thousand after legal fees of 
thousand, which are included in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The LTP Debenture is
secured by a lien on all the Company s assets. The Company s U.S. subsidiaries entered into guaranties on March 9, 2021
in favor of LTP under which such subsidiaries guaranteed the Company s obligations under the LTP Debenture and granted LTP a
lien on all assets of such subsidiaries. The proceeds from the LTP Debenture were used to extinguish liabilities of the Company and
to fund the development of the Education Technology EdTech business. 
of the number of shares of the common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares upon conversion of
the LTP Debenture and the exercise of the LTP Warrants. At the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company held on July 2, 2021,
the stockholders approved the future issuance of shares to LTP upon conversion under the LTP Debenture in excess of the 
limitation, but no such shares have been issued. On May 4, 2021, LTP exercised its conversion rights with respect to 
thousand of the outstanding principal at the conversion price resulting in the issuance of 
million shares of common stock to LTP. In addition, an equal number of warrants were issued on June 11, 2021 (see Note 7 
Stock Warrants ). The cash receipt date, March 10, 2021, was used for the market value of stock on measurement date, at 
per common share, resulting in the recognition of debt discount and additional paid-in capital of 
thousand, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represents the intrinsic
value of the conversion option. The Company evaluated the convertible debenture under ASC 470-20 and recognized a debt discount of
 
thousand related to the beneficial conversion feature during the year ended December 31, 2021, with a corresponding credit to
additional paid-in capital. The related amortization of the debt discount to interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were 
thousand and 
thousand, respectively. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company amended the terms of the LTP Debenture to reduce LTP s maximum funding obligation from 
million to 
thousand and to require LTP to fund the remaining principal balance of 
thousand no later than October 15, 2021. On October 15, 2021, the Company received 
thousand of the remaining 
thousand funding obligation of LTP. On October 27, 2021, LTP funded the remaining funding obligation of 
thousand. The Company evaluated the convertible debenture under ASC 470-20 and recognized a debt discount of 
thousand related to the beneficial conversion feature during the year ended December 31, 2021, with a corresponding credit to
additional paid-in capital. The related amortization of the debt discount to interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 amounted to 
thousand and 
thousand, respectively. 

On
March 8, 2022, the Company defaulted on the LTP Debenture in the remaining amount left unconverted of thousand and thousand accrued
interest. There was no acceleration of interest rate and no triggering of guarantees under the note agreement to increase any debt obligations. 

Second
Draw Paycheck Protection Program Note Agreement. 

On
April 20, 2021, ELE closed on an unsecured Paycheck Protection Program Note agreement (the Promissory Note to borrow
 
from Cross River Bank, the lender, pursuant to the PPP, and extended to Second Draw PPP loans as described below (the
 Second Draw PPP Loan ). The PPP is intended to provide loans to qualified businesses to cover payroll and certain other
identified costs. Funds from the loan may only be used for certain purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent, utilities, and
certain covered operating expenses. All or a portion of the loan may be forgivable, as provided by the terms of the PPP. The Second
Draw PPP Loan has an interest rate of 
per annum and a term of 
months. Payments will be deferred in accordance with the CARES Act, as modified by the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act
of 2020; however, interest will accrue during the deferral period. If all or any portion of the loan is not forgiven in accordance
with the terms of the program, ELE will be obligated to make monthly payments of principal and interest in amounts to be calculated
after the amount of loan forgiveness, if any, is determined to repay the balance of the loan in full prior to maturity. The
Promissory Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults and breaches of
representations. ELE may prepay the loan at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. ELE got forgiveness for this
loan as of December 31, 2022 for an amount of 
million. 

Debenture,
Warrant and Guaranty Agreements, and Exercise of Conversion Rights. 

On
May 4, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Subordinated Secured Convertible Debenture Subordinated Debenture in the principal
amount of thousand to Michel Botbol, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at the time. The Subordinated Debenture
called for interest at a rate of and would have been due on the earlier of the occurrence of certain liquidity events with respect
to the Company and May 4, 2022. The Subordinated Debenture was convertible at any time after the issuance date into shares of the Company s
common stock (the Botbol Conversion Shares at a price equal to per share Conversion Price ). Together
with each Botbol Conversion Share, a warrant would be issued with a strike price of per share and an expiration date of (the Botbol Warrants ). Mr. Botbol also had the option to extend the maturity date of the loan for a term not to exceed
four years from the original maturity date of that loan. The Subordinated Debenture is secured by a lien on all the Company s assets
subordinated to the lien granted to LTP. The Company s U.S. subsidiaries are required to enter into guaranties in favor of Botbol
under which such subsidiaries guaranteed the Company s obligations under the Subordinated Debenture and granted Botbol a lien on
all assets of such subsidiaries subject to the lien held by LTP. The use of proceeds from the Subordinated Debenture was to extinguish
liabilities of the Company and to fund working capital, general corporate purposes and the development of administrative functions. The
aggregate number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Subordinated Debenture and upon the exercise of the Botbol Warrants may not
exceed of the number of shares of the common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares upon conversion
of the Subordinated Debenture and the exercise of the Botbol Warrants. On May 4, 2021, Mr. Botbol exercised his conversion rights with
respect to the entire thousand of outstanding principal at the Conversion Price resulting in the issuance of thousand shares
of common stock to him. In addition, an equal number of warrants were issued on May 4, 2021 (see Note 7 Stock Warrants ).
The Botbol Warrants will not be listed for trading on any national securities exchange. The Botbol Warrants and the shares issuable upon
conversion of the Subordinated Debenture are not being registered under the Securities Act. 

Senior
Secured Convertible Debenture, Advisory Agreement, and Intercreditor Agreement. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company issued a 
thousand Senior Secured Convertible Debenture (the GLD Debenture to GLD Legacy Holdings, LLC GLD ). The
GLD Debenture accrues interest at a rate of 
and is due on the earlier of the occurrence of certain liquidity events with respect to the Company or . The GLD Debenture may be converted at any time after the issue date into shares of the Company s common stock
(the GLD Conversion Shares at a price equal to 
per share. Together with each GLD Conversion Share, a warrant will be issued with a strike price of 
per share and an expiration date of (the GLD Warrants ). The cash receipt date, August 27, 2021, was used for the market value of stock on
measurement date, at 
per common share, resulting in the recognition of debt discount and additional paid-in capital of 
thousand, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represents the intrinsic
value of the conversion option. The Company evaluated the convertible debenture under ASC 470-20 and recognized a debt discount of
 
thousand related to the beneficial conversion feature during the year ended December 31, 2021, with a corresponding credit to
additional paid-in capital. The related amortization of the debt discount to interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was 
thousand and 
thousand, respectively. Net proceeds were 
thousand after legal fees and transaction expenses of 
thousand, which are included in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. GLD has an option to
lend the Company an additional 
thousand under the same terms prior to December 31, 2023. The GLD Debenture is secured by a lien on all the Company s assets.
The Company s U.S. subsidiaries entered into guaranties on August 27, 2021, in favor of GLD under which such subsidiaries
guaranteed the Company s obligations under the GLD Debenture and granted GLD a lien on all assets of such subsidiaries. The
proceeds from the GLD Debenture were used for working capital for the development of the Company s Legacy EdTech business and
for working capital for the operation of the Company s seminar business. The GLD Warrants will not be listed for trading on
any national securities exchange. The GLD Warrants and the shares issuable upon conversion of the GLD Debenture are not being
registered under the Securities Act. The aggregate number of shares issuable upon conversion of the GLD Debenture and upon the
exercise of the GLD Warrants may not exceed 
of the number of shares of the common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares upon conversion of
the GLD Debenture and the exercise of the GLD Warrants. Under the terms of the GLD Debenture, and until all of the obligations of
the Company under the GLD Debenture have been paid in full, GLD may appoint one member to the board of directors of the Company,
subject to the review and approval of the GLD appointed candidate by the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Company. In lieu
of cash compensation, the GLD appointed director will receive a grant of 
restricted shares of common stock of the Company upon appointment to the board. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the GLD Debenture, on August 27, 2021, the Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement with GLD Advisory Services,
LLC GLDAS ), an affiliate of GLD. GLDAS will provide the Company and its subsidiaries with business, finance and organizational
strategy, advisory, consulting and other services related to the business of the Company. In lieu of cash compensation, on the effective
date of the agreement, August 27, 2021, GLDAS received fully vested shares of common stock of the Company and will receive 
shares of common stock thereafter on each anniversary until the GLD Debenture has been repaid in full. 

On
August 27, 2021, in connection with the GLD Debenture, the Company entered into an Intercreditor Agreement with GLD, LTP, and Barry Kostiner,
a related party. LTP and GLD agreed that LTP s and GLD s respective rights under the LTP Debenture and GLD Debenture would
rank equally and ratably in all respects to one another including, without limitation, rights in collateral, right and priority of payment
and repayment of principal, interest, and all fees and other amounts (the Intercreditor Agreement ). The Intercreditor Agreement
also appoints Barry Kostiner as Servicing Agent (as defined therein) to act on behalf of GLD and LTP, subject to the terms of the agreement,
with respect to (a) enforcing GLD s and LTP s rights and remedies, and the Company s obligations, under the Debentures
(as defined below). 

The
Company received a Notice of Breach and Obligation to Cure to Avoid Event of Default from GLD dated May 11, 2022 (the Notice ).
Pursuant to the Notice, GLD informed the Company of certain alleged breaches of the terms of the GLD Debenture by the Company, and that
the Company has 30 days to cure or GLD would consider an event of default under the GLD Debenture to have occurred. 

On
July 15, 2022, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with GLD with respect to the
GLD Debenture, and LTP with respect to the LTP Debenture (with the GLD Debenture, the Debentures and each sometimes, a
 Debenture ). 

Pursuant
to the Forbearance Agreement, GLD and LTP each agreed to forbear from exercising its rights against the Company under the applicable
Debenture until the earlier of (i) a default under the Forbearance Agreement or a new default under such Debenture or (ii) October 15,
2022 (the Forbearance Period ). 

Prior
to the expiration of the Forbearance Period, the Company agreed to cause a sale of the GLD Debenture to ABCImpact I, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company ABCImpact ), or as directed by ABCImpact, at a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance
due and payable on the GLD Debenture by no later than October 15, 2022, which shall be in full and complete satisfaction of the Company s
obligations to GLD under the GLD Debenture. 

The
Company also paid in satisfaction of GLD s legal fees, pursuant to the terms of the Forbearance Agreement. 

Until
the date that the GLD Debenture is sold to ABCImpact and the LTP Debenture has been repaid in full, the Company shall cause Mayer and
Associates LLC, a shareholder of the Company, to be restricted from exercising its existing option for shares of Company common
stock at per share. 

As
partial consideration for GLD entering into the Forbearance Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to GLD shares of the common
stock of the Company at a price per share of (the GLD Consideration Shares ), which GLD Consideration Shares (i)
at the time of their issuance thereafter shall be subject to all applicable restrictions under relevant securities laws and (ii) shall
be registered for resale on a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the Form S-1 ). In addition, as partial consideration
for LTP entering into the Forbearance Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to LTP shares of the common stock of the Company
at a price per share of . (the LTP Consideration Shares ). The issuance of the GLD Consideration Shares and the LTP
Consideration Shares are subject to restrictions as described in the Forbearance Agreement and will not trigger any anti-dilution provisions
of any convertible securities of the Company that may be held by GLD or LTP or their affiliates in whatever form, including the Debentures. 

The
Company also agreed to use its best efforts to effect a spin-off of an existing to-be-determined subsidiary of the Company, pursuant
to the terms described in the Forbearance Agreement. 

Following
the occurrence of any of the Events of Default (as defined in the Forbearance Agreement), each of LTP and GLD may exercise any or all
remedies as provided under the Forbearance Agreement, the applicable Debenture or applicable law. 

IPFS
Premium Finance Agreement. 

On
July 30, 2021, the Company entered into a premium finance agreement for insurance coverage in the amount of 
thousand at an interest rate of 
for 10 months. The balance remaining as of December 31, 2022, is 
thousand. 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loan. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company executed the standard loan documents required for securing a loan (the EIDL Loan from the
SBA under is Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL assistance program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
the business operations. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement (the SBA Loan Agreement ), the principal
amount of the EIDL Loan was , with proceeds to be used for working capital purposes disbursed on May 3, 2021. Interest accrues
at a rate of per annum. Installment payments, including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning 24 months from the date
of the EIDL Loan in the amount of thousand. The balance of principal and interest is payable years from the date of the SBA note. 

Convertible
Promissory Note. 

On
May 17, 2022 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement and issued and sold to TLC
Management Consulting LLC (the Investor ), a Convertible Promissory Note (the May Note in the principal
amount of (the May Loan ), less an original issue discount of . Also pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
in connection with the issuance of the May Note, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant (the May Warrant to
the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor has the right to purchase Company common stock at coverage as provided in the May Warrant. 

The
maturity date of the May Note is 12 months from the issue date with an option to extend for up to 6 months in the sole discretion of
the Company and is the date upon which the principal sum as well as interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. The May Note
bears interest commencing on May 17, 2022, at a fixed rate of 
per annum. 

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the May Note for business development, including for acquisitions, general corporate
and working capital. 

The
then outstanding and unpaid principal and interest shall be converted into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Company common stock
on the 10 th trading day after the effective date of a registration statement registering the shares (the Mandatory
Conversion Date ). The per share conversion price into which principal and interest under the May Note shall be convertible into
shall be a discount to the VWAP (as defined in the May Note) for the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading
day prior to the Mandatory Conversion Date (the May Note Conversion Price ). The May Note Conversion Price is subject to
adjustment pursuant to customary terms described in the May Note. 

The
Company may prepay the May Note, provided that it shall pay an amount in cash equal to the sum of multiplied by the principal then
outstanding plus interest. 

The
May Note contains customary events of default for a transaction such as the May Loan which entitle the Investor, among other things,
to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, the May Note. Any principal and
interest on the May Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) per annum; and (ii) the
maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company granted to the Investor registration rights whereby the Company shall register for resale all
of the common stock underlying the May Note and May Warrant, as set forth on Exhibit C to the Purchase Agreement. 

The
May Warrant has an exercise price of of the offering price per share of Company common stock (or unit, if units are offered in the
Uplist Offering (as defined in Exhibit C of the Purchase Agreement)) at which the Uplist Offering is made, subject to adjustment as provided
in the May Warrant. The exercise period of the May Warrant commences on the consummation of the Uplist Offering and ending on the five
year anniversary thereof. 

The
exercise of the May Warrant is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of of the number of shares of common stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

ABCImpact
Loans. 

Between
June 9, 2022 and December 30, 2022, the Company borrowed an aggregate of million from ABCImpact, evidenced by a series of Convertible
Debentures. Pursuant to the debentures, ABCImpact has the option to loan up to an additional million to the Company. 

ABCImpact
is a recently-formed entity in which an affiliate of Barry Kostiner, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and sole director, has
a non-controlling passive interest. 

The
maturity date of each debenture is the earlier of 12 months from the issue date and the date of a Liquidity Event (as defined in the
debentures), and is the date upon which the principal and interest shall be due and payable. The debentures each bear interest at a fixed
rate of per annum. Any overdue accrued and unpaid interest shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 
per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is due through and including
the date of actual payment in full. 

The
Company uses the net proceeds from the loans from ABCImpact for general corporate purposes and working capital. 

The
then outstanding and unpaid principal and interest shall be converted into shares of Company common stock and an equal number of common
stock purchase warrants at the option of ABCImpact, at a conversion price per share of , subject to adjustment (including pursuant
to certain dilutive issuances) pursuant to the terms of the each debenture. The debentures are subject to a beneficial ownership limitation
of (or in ABCImpact s discretion). 

The
Company may not prepay the debentures without the prior written consent of ABCImpact. 

See Note
18 Subsequent Events , for additional disclosures regarding subsequent borrowings. 

The
debentures each contain customary events of default for a transaction such as the transactions contemplated therein. If any event of
default occurs, the outstanding principal amount under a debenture, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts
owing through the date of acceleration, shall become, at ABCImpact s election, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory
Default Amount. Mandatory Default Amount means the sum of (a) the greater of 

The
warrants underlying each debenture has an exercise price per share of , subject to adjustment (including pursuant to certain dilutive
issuances) pursuant to the terms of the warrant. The exercise period of each warrant is for five years from the issue date. 

The
exercise of the warrant is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of (or of the number of shares of common stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

The
shares underlying the debentures and the warrants have piggy-back registration rights afforded to them. 

warrants to M. Botbol, a related party, in connection with conversion of a subordinated convertible
debenture in the amount of (see Note 6 Short-Term and Long-Term Debt ). The warrants entitle the
holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share at any time on or after the inception date, May
4, 2021, through May 4, 2026, the expiration date. The warrants will not be listed for trading on any national securities exchange. 

On
June 11, 2021, the Company issued warrants to Legacy Tech Partners, LLC (LTP), a related party, in connection with conversion
of a subordinated convertible debenture in the amount of of outstanding principal (see Note 6 Short-Term
and Long-Term Debt ). The warrants entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per
share at any time on or after the inception date, June 11, 2021, through March 8, 2026, the expiration date. The warrants are not listed
for trading on any national securities exchange. 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

1 
 for our common stock on December 31, 2022. 

shares of our Common Stock for stock options, restricted stock, and a variety of other types of equity
awards. We believe that long-term incentive compensation programs align the interests of management, employees and the stockholders to
create long-term stockholder value. We believe that equity-based incentive compensation plans, such as the Incentive Plan, increase our
ability to achieve this objective, and, by allowing for several different forms of long-term equity-based incentive awards, help us to
recruit, reward, motivate and retain talented employees and other service providers. The text of the 2015 Incentive Plan is included
in the attachment marked as Appendix B to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June
16, 2015. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to the 2015 Incentive Plan, we awarded shares of restricted stock to the independent
members of the Board of Directors, which are subject to a two-year cliff vesting. The grant date price per share was for a total
grant date fair value of thousand. In addition, we granted shares of restricted stock to employees, which are subject
to three-year cliff vesting. During the year ended December 31, 2021, restricted employee shares were forfeited. The grant price
per share was for a total fair grant value of thousand. We also granted shares each of restricted stock to three external
consultants for a total of shares, which were fully vested at a grant date. The grant date price per share was for a total
grant date fair value of thousand. We granted another shares of restricted stock to an external consultant, which were fully
vested at the grant date. The grant date price per share for a total grant date fair value of thousand. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, pursuant to the 2015 Incentive Plan, we awarded shares of restricted stock to the independent
members of the Board of Directors, which are subject to a two-year cliff vesting. The grant date price per share was for a total
grant date fair value of thousand. We also granted shares of restricted stock to an external consultant in the amount of
 , which were fully vested at a grant date. The grant date price per share was for a total grant date fair value of 
thousand. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Compensation
Expense and Related Valuation Techniques 

We
account for share-based awards under the provisions of ASC 718, Share-Based Payment, which established the accounting
for share-based awards exchanged for employee and non-employee services. Accordingly, share-based compensation cost is measured at the
grant date based on the fair value of the award and we expense these costs using the straight-line method over the requisite service
period. Unrecognized compensation expense associated with unvested share-based awards, consisting entirely of unvested restricted stock,
was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of years. 

Our
stock-based compensation expense was thousand and thousand in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income.
There were no related income tax effects in either year. 

thousand and thousand during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Non-U.S. 
 - 

Total income/(loss) from continuing operations before income taxes: 

Provision (benefit) for taxes: 

Current: 

Federal 

State 

Non-U.S. 

Penalties 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Non-U.S. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total deferred 

Noncurrent 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total noncurrent 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

Effective income tax rate 
 -3.8 
 - 

(Decrease) Increase in valuation allowance 

State income, net of federal benefit 

Non-U.S. income taxed at different rates 

Intercompany Gain 

Unrecognized tax benefits 

Other 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

We
recorded income tax expense (benefit) of million
and million
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We do not expect to repatriate earnings from its foreign subsidiaries because
the cumulative earnings and profits of the foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are negative. Accordingly, no U.S. federal
or state income taxes have been provided thereon. 

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities reflect the net tax effects of (i) temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts for income tax purposes and (ii) operating loss carryforwards. The tax effects
of significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

Depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred course expenses 

Intercompany Debts 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

We
have retained a full valuation allowances of million against the deferred tax assets of our Australian, Canadian, U.K., Hong Kong,
and South Africa subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. We have retained full valuation allowances of million against the deferred
tax assets of our Australian, Canadian, U.K., Hong Kong, and South Africa subsidiaries as of December 31, 2021. The most significant
negative factor that was considered in determining whether a valuation allowance was required is a cumulative recent history of losses
in all jurisdictions for the entities mentioned above. 

Our
federal income tax returns for the years after 2017 are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our state tax returns
for all years after 2017 or 2016, depending on each state s jurisdiction, are subject to examination. In addition, our Canadian
tax returns and United Kingdom tax returns for all years after 2013 are subject to examination. 

The
liability pertaining to uncertain tax positions was million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In accordance with GAAP, we recorded
expense that increased the total liability pertaining to uncertain tax positions which was more than offset by a decrease in the total
liability attributable to foreign currency fluctuations and tax rate adjustments. A significant portion of the liability pertaining to
uncertain tax positions is recorded as a reduction of the value of net operating loss carryovers. 

We
include interest and penalties in the liability for uncertain tax positions. Accrued interest and penalties on uncertain tax
positions were approximately 
million at December 31, 2022 and at December 31 2021 and is included in other liabilities in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets. If applicable, we recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as tax
expense. 

Gross increases - tax positions in prior period 

Gross decreases - tax positions in prior period 

Unrecognized tax benefits - December 31 

The
total liability for unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The total liability for unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as follows: 

Total liability for unrecognized tax benefits 

We
do not expect any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits in the next year. We estimate million of the unrecognized tax
benefits, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was signed into
law on March 27, 2020. The CARES Act included several provisions that provide economic relief for individuals and businesses. The CARES
Act, among other things, included tax provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, the deferral of employer s social
security payments, and modifications to net operating loss carryback provisions. On December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations
Act of 2021 (the CAA ), which includes the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits, and Venues Act and the
American Rescue Plan Act of 2021,was signed into law and provided further COVID-19 economic relief with an expansion of the employee
retention credit. In March 2021, the Internal Revenue Service IRS released Notice 2021-20, which retroactively eliminated
the restriction that prevented employers who received a PPP loan from qualifying for the Employee Retention Credit ERC ),
which is a refundable tax credit against certain employment taxes. Upon determination that the employer has complied with all of the
conditions required to receive the credit, a receivable is recognized, and the credit reduces payroll expense. In connection with the
CARES Act, the Company adopted a policy to recognize the employee retention credit when earned. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
we determined that we qualify for the employee retention credit as it relates to wages paid during the twelve months ended December 31,
2020, as well as wages paid during the first, second, and third fiscal quarters of 2021. As a result, we recorded a net benefit of 292
thousand to the employee retention credit as a reduction to payroll expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 and recorded a gross
receivable of thousand within Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2021. On March 11, 2022 the Company received
 thousand of the accrued balance. 

shares of Common Stock, par value per share, and shares of preferred
stock, par value per share. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, shares of our Common Stock were outstanding. The outstanding shares of our Common Stock are validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of Common Stock do not
have cumulative voting rights. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election
at a meeting at which a quorum is present. The vote of the stockholders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person
or represented by proxy shall be sufficient to decide any questions brought before such meeting, other than the election of directors,
unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the statutes or of the Articles of Incorporation, a different vote is required
in which case such express provisions shall govern and control the decision of such question. Holders of Common Stock representing ten
percent (10 of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute
a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. 

Holders
of our Common Stock are entitled to share in all dividends that our Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available
funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in
all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the Common
Stock. The Common Stock has no pre-emptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the
Common Stock. 

In
addition, our authorized but unissued common shares could be used by our Board of Directors for defensive purposes against a hostile
takeover attempt, including (by way of example) the private placement of shares or the granting of options to purchase shares to persons
or entities sympathetic to, or contractually bound to support, management. We have no such present arrangement or understanding with
any person. However, our Common Stock have been reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock purchase rights designed to deter hostile
takeovers, commonly known as a poison pill. 

On
February 15, 2017, we adopted a limited duration Shareholder Rights Plan (the Plan ). Under the Plan, one preferred stock
purchase right will be distributed for each share of common stock held by stockholders of record on March 2, 2017. The rights will trade
with the common stock and will not be separable or exercisable until such time as the Plan is triggered. The Plan was scheduled to expire
on February 15, 2019, subject to our right to extend such date, unless we redeemed or exchanged earlier or terminated. 

On
November 12, 2018, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of February 16, 2017 by and between
us and VStock Transfer LLC (VStock), as Rights Agent (the Rights Agreement ), to (i) extend the Final Expiration Date, as
defined in the Rights Agreement, to the close of business on February 15, 2021, and (ii) to provide for the construction of the Rights
Agreement and all other related documents in a manner consistent with the extension of the Final Expiration Date. 

On
November 25, 2019, we entered into an assumption agreement with Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. (Broadridge), whereby Broadridge
assumes the role of Rights Agent under the Rights Agreement, effectively replacing VStock as Rights Agent. 

On
February 12, 2021, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Rights Agreement dated as of February 16, 2017 by and between
the Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., successor to VStock, as Rights Agent, to (i) extend the Final Expiration
Date, as defined in the Rights Agreement, to the close of business on February 15, 2023, and (ii) to provide for the construction of
the Rights Agreement and all other related documents in a manner consistent with the extension of the Final Expiration Date. 

The
extension of the Final Expiration Date under the Rights Agreement was entered into to ensure that the Board of Directors would continue
to have sufficient time to consider any proposal from a third party that might result in a change in control of the Company, to ensure
that all stockholders receive fair and equal treatment in the event of any such a proposal, and to encourage any potential acquirer to
negotiate with the Board of Directors. In addition, extending the Rights Agreement will guard against partial tender offers, open market
accumulations and other coercive tactics aimed at gaining control of the Company without paying all stockholders a full control premium
for their shares. The Rights Agreement was not amended in response to any specific takeover offer. 

On
November 18, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase and Option Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Mayer and
Associates, LLC pursuant to which Mayer purchased (i) shares of common stock of the Company for a total aggregate price of
 , or per share and (ii) in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of , an option to purchase, from time to time,
up to an additional shares of common stock. The Option is exercisable at a per share exercise price of, for the first 
option shares, , and for the remaining option shares. 
The option price is subject to adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events as more fully described in the Purchase Agreement. The
purchase shares and option shares are subject to piggyback registration rights under the Purchase Agreement. The issuance of the purchase
shares and proposed issuance of the option shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (The Securities Act in reliance on the exemption. 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of our preferred stock were outstanding. 

Our
authorized preferred stock is blank check preferred. Accordingly, subject to limitations prescribed by law, our Board is
expressly authorized, at its discretion, to adopt resolutions to issue shares of preferred stock of any class or series, to fix the number
of shares of any class or series of preferred stock and to change the number of shares constituting any series and to provide for or
change the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, qualifications, limitations
or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights (including whether the dividends are cumulative), dividend rates, terms of redemption
(including sinking fund provisions), redemption prices, conversion rights and liquidation preferences of the shares constituting any
series of the preferred stock, in each case without any further action or vote by our stockholders. 

Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares and warrants 

Amounts available to common stockholders 

Diluted: 

Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares 

Stock warrants 

Shares of common stock to be issued for convertible note 

Amounts reallocated to unvested restricted shares 

Amounts available to stockholders and assumed conversions 

U.K. 

Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated revenue 

U.K. 

Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated revenue 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Segment gross profit contribution 
 (In thousands) 
 
 North America 

U.K. 

Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated gross profit 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 (In thousands) 
 
 North America 

U.K. 

Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated depreciation and amortization expenses 
 - 

U.K. 

Other foreign markets 

Total consolidated identifiable assets 

payable in one installment of on February 18, 2021 and
five quarterly installments of commencing on May 19, 2021, which the Company has accrued for within accounts payable as of December
31, 2021, and within accounts payable and other long-term liability for the current and long-term portions as of December 31, 2021, within
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The parties also exchanged mutual releases as part of the Settlement Agreement. The lawsuit was dismissed
by order of the Court on January 12, 2021. Through June 30, 2022, the Company has paid of the total settlement. The final settlement
payment was due 450 days after February 18, 2021 in the amount of and is in default. On May 25, 2022, a Motion for Judgement
after default of settlement agreement was filed which triggered and entitled immediate entry of judgement of . 

In
the Matter of Legacy Education Alliance International, Ltd. On October 28, 2019, an Application for Administration was filed in the
High Court of Justice, Business and Property Courts of England and Wales (the English Court ), whereby four creditors of
Legacy UK, one of our UK subsidiaries, sought an administration order with respect to the business affairs of the subsidiary, the appointment
of an administrator, and such other ancillary orders as the applicants may request or as the court deemed appropriate. On November 15,
2019, the creditors obtained an Administration Order from the English Court. Under the terms of the Administration Order, two individuals
have been appointed as administrators of Legacy UK and will manage Legacy UK and operate its affairs, business and property under the
jurisdiction of the English Court. The administrators engaged a third-party to market Legacy UK s business and assets for sale
to one or more third parties. On November 26, 2019, Legacy UK s assets and deferred revenues sold for (British pounds)
to Mayflower Alliance LTD. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Legacy UK. On November 19, 2020, the administrators filed
notice of their proposal to move from administration to a creditors voluntary liquidation and on December 9, 2020, notice was
filed with Companies House that Paul Zalkin and Nicholas Simmonds were appointed as liquidators of Legacy UK to commence its winding
up. Further details regarding the resolution of claims and liabilities may not be known for several months. Because there are a number
of intercompany relationships between the Company and Legacy UK, the financial impact of any future claims in relation to the administration
and disposition of Legacy UK, outside of those included in the discontinued operations of Legacy UK (see Note 4 Discontinued Operations ),
is unknown to us at this time, as is the timing and other conditions and effects of the administrative process. On December 8, 2020 we
paid in cash and transferred our residential properties in the value of as settlement of intercompany debts of two
of our subsidiaries, LEAI Property Development UK, Ltd. and LEAI Property Investment UK, Ltd., totaling to Legacy UK. 

In
the Matter of Elite Legacy Education UK Ltd. On March 18, 2020, a Winding-Up Petition, CR-2020-001958, was filed in the High Court
of Justice, Business and Property Courts of England and Wales (the High Court against one of our UK subsidiaries, Elite
Legacy Education UK Ltd. ELE UK ), by one of its creditors Petitioner pursuant to which the Petitioner
was claiming a debt of plus late payment interest and statutory compensation was due and owing. The Petitioner sought
an order from the High Court to wind up the affairs of ELE UK under the UK Insolvency Act of 1986. ELE UK has disputed the claim of the
Petitioner and on June 11, 2020, ELE UK obtained a court order vacating the hearing on the Petition originally set for June 24, 2020.
On July 24, 2020, the High Court entered an order finding that there was a genuine dispute on substantial grounds with respect to 
of the Petitioner s claim, and that only plus late payment interest and statutory compensation was due and owing.
The High Court further restrained the Petitioner from advertising its Winding-Up Petition until August 14, 2020 and, provided ELE UK
pays the Petitioner the sums awarded under the High Court s order, plus late payment interest and statutory compensation on or
before August 14, 2020, the Petitioner s Winding-Up Petition would be dismissed. On August 10, 2020, ELE UK filed its Notice of
Appeal in which it sought permission to appeal the High Court s ruling. On October 23, 2020, the Court denied ELE UK permission
to appeal whereupon ELE UK filed an application to renew its application for permission to appeal Renewal Application ),
which Renewal Application would be heard at a subsequent Oral Hearing on a date not yet determined. On October 27, 2020, ELE UK filed
an application with the High Court of Appeal, Royal Courts of Justice Court of Appeals for a hearing to renew its application
for permission to appeal the High Court s order and a hearing was set for February 11, 2021. On October 30, 2020, the High Court
entered a Consent Order restraining Petitioner from advertising its Winding Up Petition until ELE UK s Renewal Application is
determined at the Oral Hearing or until further order of the Court, whichever is earlier. At a hearing held on December 16, 2020, the
High Court issued an order lifting the restraint on advertising the petition for a winding up order and that the matter be listed on
January 13, 2021 for winding up and awarding costs to the creditor. However, at a meeting held on January 11, 2021 Creditors 
Meeting ), the creditors of Elite Legacy Education UK Ltd ELE UK ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy Education
Alliance, Inc. LEAI ), approved a Proposal for a Company Voluntary Arrangement (the Arrangement under the
UK Insolvency Act 1986 (the IA and the UK Insolvency Rules 2016 (the IR ). As a result, the Petitioner s
claims will be administered under the terms of the CVA and, at the request of ELE UK, the hearing on its application to renew its appeal
of the High Court s order was lifted. 

In
the Matter of Elite Legacy Education UK Ltd., Proposal for a Company Voluntary Arrangement . At a meeting held on January 11, 2021 Creditors Meeting ), the creditors of Elite Legacy Education UK Ltd ELE UK ), a wholly owned subsidiary
of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. LEAI ), approved a Proposal for a Company Voluntary Arrangement (the CVA under the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (the IA and the UK Insolvency Rules 2016 (the IR ). Under the terms of the
CVA, CVR Global LLP has been appointed as Supervisor of ELE UK for the purposes of administering the Arrangement. At the Creditors Meeting,
the creditors also approved a modification to the CVA whereby any tax refunds due to ELE UK would be paid to the Supervisor and made
available for distribution to creditors. The Supervisor will wind down the business of ELE UK and make distributions to ELE UK s
non-student creditors in accordance with the applicable provisions of the IA and the IR, on and subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in the CVA in satisfaction of the non-student creditors respective claims against ELE UK. Pursuant to the CVA, student creditors
of ELE UK were provided the opportunity to receive trainings from an independent training provider in satisfaction of their respective
claims against ELE UK; as a result, all obligations of ELE UK to student creditors have been satisfied. Pursuant to the CVA, and at its
conclusion, the remaining assets of ELE UK, if any, would be distributed to LEAI. As a result of the CVR, the Winding-Up Petition, CR-2020-001958,
filed in the High Court of Justice, Business and Property Courts of England and Wales has been dismissed. At this time, LEAI management
is unable to anticipate any distributions that would be received from ELE UK. 

In the
matter of GLD Legacy Holders LLC Index No. 651638/2023. An Affidavit in Opposition to the Plaintiff s Motion for Summary Judgment
in lieu of Complaint and in support of Defendant s Cross-Motion to Dismiss the Action was filed by Barry Kostiner. Pursuant to New York Civil Practice Law Rules (hereinafter CPLR Section 3213, the presiding judge
has discretion to either grant or deny the motion. We have not yet received a ruling from the court regarding this matter but we believe
that the plaintiff s motion is technically deficient and we have, therefore, provided the court with documents and memorandum that
we believe are sufficient to support a denial of the plaintiff s motion. 

In the
Matter of DMG Productions LLC. CASE NO: 50-2022-CA007610 the court issued a judgment of on October 5, 2022 related to the default
on an invoice for dated April 29, 2022. It is the Company s view that the default under the agreement with DMG Productions
and the subsequent judgment was not validly issued. The Company intends to dispute this judgment. 

There are approximately 60 students of ELE that have not received complete
fulfilment of the Company s contractual obligations. The . It
is the intention of the Company to use best efforts to fulfil these students, although most of these contractual obligations have expired.
Some of these students have litigation that has been filed, with potential additional litigation expected. Cases filed include: William
Thayer Case No.22-CC-005571, Brent Rawlings Case No. 2021 CA-004771 and Harris Case No. 21-SC-02083. It is expected that our total cost
of fulfilling our student obligations, including expenses of fulfilments, settlements and judgements will range between and . 

Mr.
Kostiner, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer is a named defendant in three
legal proceedings which are described below. 

Other
Legal Proceedings. 

In
Re Argon Credit, LLC, et al., Debtors , Case No. 16-39654 (U.S. Bankruptcy Court Northern District of Illinois Eastern Division). 

On
December 16, 2016, Argon Credit, LLC and Argon X, LLC (collectively the Debtors filed petitions for relief under chapter
11 of title 11 of the United States Code. On January 11, 2017, Debtors bankruptcy cases were converted to chapter 7 cases. On
December 14, 2018, the chapter 7 trustee filed an adversary proceeding as case number 18-ap-00948 (the Bankruptcy Complaint against multiple defendants, including Barry Kostiner, asserting claims for aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty. As to Mr. Kostiner,
the Bankruptcy Complaint alleged that, while an employee of the Debtor, he aided and abetted the former CEO of Argon Credit, Raviv Wolfe,
in breaching his fiduciary duties to Argon Credit, by, among other things, knowingly participating in a scheme to funnel assets away
from the Debtors and their creditors, double pledging Argon Credit s assets, and knowingly submitting false or misleading financial
reports to the Debtors secured lender to conceal the transfer of Argon Credit s assets. On July 11, 2019, Mr. Kostiner,
appearing through counsel, filed an answer denying all allegations against him set forth in the Bankruptcy Complaint. 

On
August 12, 2021, the trustee filed a Motion for the Entry of an Order Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 9019 Approving Settlement with Mr.
Kostiner. Under the terms of the proposed settlement, Mr. Kostiner would pay the trustee 35,000 in exchange for dismissal with prejudice
from the suit and the exchange of mutual releases (the Proposed Settlement ). Each of the trustee and Mr. Kostiner concluded
that the Proposed Settlement was in their respective best interests in light of the contested nature of the Complaint, the costs that
both parties would incur in connection with the litigation of same the uncertain outcome from protracted litigation. The trustee argued
that the Proposed Settlement was reasonable based upon: (a) the range of potential outcomes taking into account the defenses that Mr.
Kostiner could assert; (b) the likelihood of recovering more given Mr. Kostiner s financial condition; (c) Argon Credit s
director and officers liability insurance policy had been exhausted; and (d) the Debtors pre-petition lender had recently
filed a complaint against many of the parties originally named by the trustee in its adversary proceeding, including Mr. Kostiner, and
this action further reduces the likelihood of recovery against Mr. Kostiner, because at a minimum, he will be forced to pay to defend
that action. On September 3, 2021, the Bankruptcy Court issued an order approving the settlement, and on November 18, 2021, the Bankruptcy
Court issued an order granting the motion to voluntarily dismiss the proceeding against Mr. Kostiner. 

Fund
Recovery Services, LLC v. RBC Capital Markets, LLC, et al. , Case No. 1:20-cv-5730 (U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois Eastern Division. 

On
September 25, 2020, Fund Recovery Services, LLC Fund ), as assignee of Princeton Alterative Income Fund, L.P. PAIF filed a complaint in the above-referenced action asserting a variety of claims against 37 defendants, including Mr. Kostiner. On May
15, 2021, Fund filed an amended complaint against 34 of the defendants, including Mr. Kostiner (the Amended Complaint ).
The claims against Mr. Kostiner in the Amended Complaint include: (i) violation of 18 U.S.C. 1962(2) by the conduct and participation
in a RICO enterprise through a pattern of racketeering activity; (ii) violation of 18 U.S.C. 1962(d) by conspiracy to engage in a pattern
of racketeering activity; (iii) fraud/intentional misrepresentation; (iv) aiding and abetting fraud/intentional misrepresentation; (v)
fraudulent concealment; (vi) aiding and abetting fraudulent concealment; (vii) fraudulent/intentional inducement; (viii) conversion;
(ix) aiding and abetting conversion; (x) civil conspiracy; and (xi) tortious interference with contractual relations. The Amended Complaint
seeks damages of approximately 240 million jointly and severally against all defendants, together with treble and punitive damages,
among other relief. 

The
Amended Complaint, as it pertains to Mr. Kostiner, covers much of the same conduct that is the subject of the Bankruptcy Complaint described
above and stems from a transaction that Argon Credit entered into with Spartan Specialty Finance, LLC Spartan ). Argon,
a consumer finance platform that made high-interest, unsecured loans to credit-impaired borrowers, financed its loans through a revolving
credit facility provided by PAIF. Mr. Kostiner was the sole member of Spartan and was also, for a period of time, the Vice President
of Capital Markets at Argon. Argon and Spartan entered into an agreement whereby Spartan agreed to purchase a portfolio of loans from
Argon. Spartan financed the acquisition by obtaining a loan from Hamilton Funding Hamilton ). The Amended Complaint alleges
that PAIF had a perfected security interest in the loans that Argon improperly sold to Spartan (which were financed by Hamilton Funding),
and that defendants, including Mr. Kostiner, engaged in a scheme to induce PAIF to initially lend funds, later to increase its credit
line, and ultimately convert and deprive PAIF of its property by numerous acts of fraud. 

On
July 1, 2021, defendants, including Mr. Kostiner, filed a consolidated motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in its entirety against
them, based on the following arguments: (a) the RICO claims (Counts (1)-(2)) are time-barred; (b) Fund lacks standing to bring Counts
1-11; (c) Fund is collaterally estopped from litigating the issues that are the subject of the Amended Complaint; (d) the allegations
in the Amended Complaint fail to satisfy the requirements of Rules 8 and 9(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure; (e) the Amended
Complaint failed to allege a duty sufficient to support its allegations in Counts 1-7; (f) Fund failed to adequately plead the elements
of a valid RICO claim; and (g) Fund failed to adequately plead the elements of any of its state law claims (Counts 3-13). This motion
is fully briefed and awaits resolution by the Court. 

On
February 22, 2022, PAIF filed a Revised Second Amended Complaint RSA Complaint against 25 defendants, including Mr. Kostiner.
The RSA Complaint incorporates information from witness statements and journal entries from alleged Argon insiders. The claims against
Mr. Kostiner in the RSA Complaint include: (i) fraud/intentional misrepresentation; (ii) aiding and abetting fraud/intentional misrepresentation;
(iii) fraudulent concealment; (iv) aiding and abetting fraudulent concealment; (v) fraudulent/intentional inducement; (vi) conversion;
(vii) aiding and abetting conversion; (viii) civil conspiracy; and (ix) tortious interference with contractual relations. The Amended
Complaint seeks damages of approximately million jointly and severally against all defendants, together with treble and punitive
damages, among other relief. 

On
September 30, 2022, the Court denied PAIF s motion for leave to file the RSA Complaint and ruled that since plaintiff cannot assert
a viable RICO claim, the Court directed the Clerk to enter judgment dismissing plaintiff s civil RICO claims with prejudice and
dismissing plaintiff s state-law claims for lack of supplemental jurisdiction. 

In
re Spartan Specialty Finance I SPV , LLC, Case No. 16-22881-rdd (U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York White
Plains Division) 

On
June 29, 2016, Spartan filed a petition for relief under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code. It did so in order to resolve
a loan dispute that it had with Hamilton, including Hamilton s alleged right to access cash accounts that Spartan had pledged as
collateral. On May 26, 2017, the bankruptcy court approved a Stipulation and Agreement Resolving Debtor s Motion for Use of Cash
Collateral and Fixing Amount of Secured Claim, between Hamilton, Spartan, and Mr. Kostiner, in his individual capacity. Spartan s
bankruptcy petition was dismissed as part of the Court s approval of the Settlement. 

Except
for the actions set forth above, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us
or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and our officers and directors have not been subject to any such
proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this report. 

Total lease assets 
 Total
 lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current
 liabilities: 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 Current
 operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent
 liabilities: 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 Long-term
 operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 
 Total
 lease liabilities 

Lease
cost for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Total lease cost 
 Total lease cost 

Other
Information 

Supplemental non-cash amounts of lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets/(decrease) of lease liability due to cancellation of leases 

Lease
Terms and Discount Rates 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

(collectively,
the Loan from ABCImpact I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Lender ), evidenced by one or more
10 Convertible Debentures (the Debentures ). Pursuant to the Debentures, the Lender has the option to loan up to an additional
 to the Company. 

The
Lender is a recently-formed entity in which an affiliate of Barry Kostiner, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and sole director,
has a non-controlling passive interest. The Lender previously loaned an aggregate of to the Company pursuant to convertible
debentures substantially similar to the Debentures. 

The
maturity date of each Debenture is the earlier of 12 months from the issue date and the date of a Liquidity Event (as defined in the
Debentures), and is the date upon which the principal and interest shall be due and payable. The Debentures bear interest at a fixed
rate of per annum. Any overdue accrued and unpaid interest shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 
per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is due through and including
the date of actual payment in full. 

The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Loan for general corporate purposes and working capital. 

The
then outstanding and unpaid principal and interest under each Debenture shall be converted into shares of Company common stock and an
equal number of common stock purchase warrants (the Warrant at the option of the Lender, at a conversion price per share
of , subject to adjustment (including pursuant to certain dilutive issuances) pursuant to the terms of the Debenture. The Debentures
are subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of (or in the Lender s discretion). 

The
Company may not prepay the Debentures without the prior written consent of the Lender. 

The
Debentures contain customary events of default for transactions such as the Loan. If any event of default occurs, the outstanding principal
amount under the Debentures, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing through the date of acceleration,
shall become, at the Lender s election, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount. Mandatory Default
Amount means the sum of (a) the greater of 

The
Warrant has an exercise price per share of , subject to adjustment (including pursuant to certain dilutive issuances) pursuant to
the terms of the Warrant. The exercise period of the Warrant is for five years from the issue date. 

The
exercise of the Warrant is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of (or of the number of shares of common stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

The
shares underlying the Debenture and the Warrants have piggy-back registration rights afforded to them. 

F- 33 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) 
 Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

An
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer. As of December 31, 2022, based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer concluded that the design and
operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

(b) 
 Management s
 Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed,
has inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting may vary over time. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, we conducted an evaluation to assess
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria set forth in the Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
our assessment, as of December 31, 2022, we have determined that we presently do not have an internal control system or procedures that
are effective and may be relied upon in connection with our financial reporting. The weaknesses in our internal control system that were
identified by our management generally include weakness that present a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be identified, prevented or detected on a timely basis, and specifically include: 

Financial
 Reporting Systems: The weakness in our internal control system identified by our management relate to the implementation of our new
 ERP system, which went into production on January 1, 2018. Our ERP software is not able to produce complete and accurate information
 in regard to revenues and deferred revenues for consistent financial reporting purposes. 

If
we fail to effectively remediate any of these material weaknesses or other material weaknesses or deficiencies in our control environment
that may be identified in the future, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or report them within the time frames
required by law or exchange regulations, to the extent applicable, which would have a negative impact on us and our share price. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

(c) 
 Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2021 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable 

29 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
Board of Directors currently consists of one member. The directors are elected at the annual meeting of stockholders to serve until the
next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. 

Our
Board of Directors oversees and monitors our operations and develops and directs the implementation of our business strategy. In connection
with these endeavors, our Board of Directors will rely on information, opinions, reports, books of account or statements, including financial
statements and other financial data, that are prepared or presented by one or more of our directors, officers, or employees reasonably
believed to be reliable and competent in the matters prepared or presented; legal counsel, public accountants, financial advisers, valuation
advisers, investment bankers, or other persons as to matters reasonably believed to be within the preparer s or presenter s
professional or expert competence; or a committee on which the director or officer relying thereon does not serve, as to matters within
the committee s designated authority and matters on which the committee is reasonably believed to merit confidence, but a director
is not entitled to rely on such information, opinions, reports, books of account or statements if the director has knowledge concerning
the matter in question that would cause reliance thereon to be unwarranted. 

Our Board of Directors operates by majority vote. In the 2022 fiscal year,
our Board of Directors held no meetings, as Barry Kostiner is our sole director. Any director may call a special meeting of our Board
of Directors upon proper notice. In addition, our Board of Directors may take action by unanimous written consent in accordance with our
Bylaws. 

Set
forth in the table below is the name, age and position with the Company of our sole director. Additional information about our sole director
is provided below the table and in Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. There are no family
relationships among our sole director and executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Barry
 Kostiner 
 
 51 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Manager of Capital Markets 

Barry
Kostiner was appointed to the Board on May 3, 2021 and has also been a Manager of Capital Markets at the Company since March 2021,
interim principal financial and accounting officer since November 8, 2021 and interim Chief Executive Officer since December 1, 2021.
Mr. Kostiner is serving as the Chief Executive and Chairman of Sagaliam Acquisition Corp. Additionally, Mr. Kostiner has served as the
President of Legacy Tech Partners, LLC (LTP), a microcap -focused EdTech investment vehicle, since February 2021. Mr. Kostiner was the
CFO of Ameri Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: AMRH) from October 2018 through December 2020. The operations of AMRH, including its global IT services
business focused on SAP with operations in both the US and India, was acquired by management, with the residual Nasdaq vehicle acquired
by Enveric Biosciences (Nasdaq: ENVB), an evidence-based cannabinoid pharma company focused on palliative therapies for cancer patients.
Mr. Kostiner has been a consultant to ENVB since January 2021. From May 2016 through October 2018, Mr. Kostiner was a consultant to Cypress
Skilled Nursing, a healthcare facility operator and from May 2017 through October 2018 he was a consultant to LinKay Technologies Inc.,
an artificial intelligence incubator with a portfolio of intellectual property focused on AI and LiDAR/geospatial technology, with a
research staff in India and New York. Mr. Kostiner s 20-year career in energy includes eight years at Goldman Sachs and Merrill
Lynch and their affiliates, with a focus on energy trading and portfolio management, as well as serving as the CEO of an oil gas
SPAC (Nasdaq: PGRI) from 2005 through 2009. Mr. Kostiner earned a Bachelor s of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and a
Master s of Science in Operations Research from MIT. His thesis on the mathematics of electric industry deregulation was sponsored
by Harvard s Kennedy School of Government. Mr. Kostiner is the President of, and holds a 25 membership interest in, Legacy Tech
Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company LTP ). On March 8, 2021, the Company issued a Senior Secured Convertible
Debenture in the principal amount of 375 thousand to LTP. 

The
Board of Directors believes Mr. Kostiner s qualification to serve as a director includes his experience in working with publicly
traded companies as well as his experience and expertise in emerging growth sectors. 

Mr.
Barry Kostiner was a named defendant in three litigations. See Note 16- Commitments and Contingencies for further
details. 

30 

Corporate
Governance 

Director
Nomination Process 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or the full Board if no members have been appointed to such committee) will consider director
candidates who have relevant business experience, are accomplished in their respective fields, and who possess the skills and expertise
to make a significant contribution to the Board of Directors, the Company and its stockholders. Subject to the requirements of our Bylaws,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider nominees for election to the Board of Directors who are recommended by
stockholders, provided that a complete description of the nominees qualifications, experience and background, together with a
statement signed by each nominee in which he or she consents to act as such, accompany the recommendations. 

The
Board of Directors considers several diversity factors in evaluating director candidates including, without limitation, professional
experience, education, race, gender and national origin, but does not assign any particular weight or priority to any particular factor. 

In
identifying prospective director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or the full Board if no members have
been appointed to such committee) may seek referrals from other members of the Board of Directors, management, stockholders and other
sources. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or the full Board if no members have been appointed to such committee) also
may, but need not, retain a search firm in order to assist it in identifying candidates to serve as directors of the Company. The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee (or the full Board if no members have been appointed to such committee) utilizes the same criteria
for evaluating candidates regardless of the source of the referral. When considering director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee (or the full Board if no members have been appointed to such committee) seeks individuals with backgrounds and qualities
that, when combined with those of our incumbent directors, provide a blend of skills and experience to further enhance the Board of Director s
effectiveness. 

In
connection with its annual recommendation of a slate of nominees, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or the full Board
if no members have been appointed to such committee) may also assess the contributions of those directors recommended for re-election
in the context of the Board of Directors evaluation process and other perceived needs of the Board of Directors. 

Board
Meetings and Committees 

We
are not required under the Exchange Act to maintain any committees of our Board of Directors. We have formed certain committees of our
board as a matter of preferred corporate practice, including an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee; however, as we only have one director, we do not have any members on such committees. 

Committees 

We
are not required under the Exchange Act to maintain any committees of our Board of Directors. Historically, we have formed certain committees
of our board as a matter of preferred corporate practice; however, as of the date of this report, there are no members appointed to any
of such committees. We have an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Audit
 Committee. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee
 the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing, and reporting practices of the Company. The Committee shall also oversee the
 Company s systems of internal controls regarding finance, accounting, information technology, legal and regulatory compliance
 and ethical behavior, the audits of the Company s financial statements, the qualifications of the accounting firm engaged as
 the Company s independent auditor, and the performance of the Company s independent auditors. 

We
currently do not have any members on our Audit Committee, as all of the prior members resigned in 2021. Our Audit Committee has a written
charter available on our website in the Corporate Governance section under the Investors link at www.legacyeducationalliance.com . 

Compensation Committee. The purpose of the Compensation
Committee is to oversee the Company s compensation and benefits programs; establish, review, revise and interpret the Company s
compensation philosophy, policies and objectives ; and evaluate the performance of the Company s executive
officers and set compensation levels for all executive officers, including any performance-based compensation. 

31 

We
currently do not have any members on our Compensation Committee, as all of the prior members resigned in 2021. Our Compensation Committee
has a written charter available on our website in the Corporate Governance section under the Investors link
at www.legacyeducationalliance.com . 

Nominating
 and Corporate Governance Committee. The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to provide support for
 the governance role of the Board of Directors in reviewing and making recommendations on the composition of the Board of Directors,
 oversee the evaluation of the Board of Directors and management of the Company, periodically assess the functioning of the Board
 of Directors and its committees and make recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding corporate governance matters and practices.
 On at least an annual basis, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews overall compensation of the Board of Director.
 Any changes made to the compensation of the Board of Directors resulting from these reviews requires full ratification from the Board
 of Directors. 

We
currently do not have any members on our Compensation Committee, as all of the members resigned in 2021. Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee has a written charter available on our website at www.legacyeducationalliance.com . 

Risk
Oversight 

The
Board of Directors takes an active role in risk oversight. The Board of Directors exercises its risk oversight function through the full
Board of Directors and each of its committees. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (or the full Board if no members have been
appointed to such committee) takes an active risk oversight role by meeting with the Company s senior management team on a regular
basis and reviewing and approving key risk policies and risk tolerances. The Audit Committee (or the full Board if no members have been
appointed to such committee) is responsible for ensuring that the Company has in place a process for identifying, prioritizing, managing,
and monitoring its critical risks. Furthermore, the Board of Directors, with input from the Audit Committee, regularly evaluates our
management infrastructure, including personnel competencies and technologies and communications, to ensure that key risks are being properly
evaluated and managed. Finally, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (or the full Board if no members have been appointed
to such committee) reviews any risks associated with the Company s compensation practices. In the Compensation Committee s
view, our compensation policies encourage a balanced approach to risk-taking, by structuring compensation packages that includes both
long-term vesting equity awards in addition to cash bonuses. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on November 10, 2014, that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including
the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics may be found on our website in the Corporate Governance section under the Investors link
at www.legacyeducationalliance.com. 

Section
16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers, directors, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC reports of ownership of our securities and changes in reported ownership. Executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
reports they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us, or written representations from the reporting
persons that no Form 5 was required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, with the exception of seventeen
untimely Form 4s (each detailing a single transaction), three untimely Form 4s (each detailing two transactions), one untimely Form 4
(detailing three transactions), and one untimely Form 4 (detailing four transactions) for Mr. Kostiner and one untimely Form 4 (detailing
a single transaction) for Legacy Tech Partners, LLC, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and
greater than 10 beneficial owners have been met. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Compensation Program 

Our
executive compensation program has historically been determined and proposed by our Compensation Committee and is approved by our Board
of Directors. None of the Named Executive Officers had been or currently is a member of the Compensation Committee or otherwise had any
role in determining the compensation of other Named Executive Officers, although the Compensation Committee has historically considered
the recommendations of our Chief Executive Officer in setting compensation levels for our other executive officers. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

Set
forth below is a description of the employment agreements of Barry Kostiner, Chairman and CEO, 

Barry
Kostiner Employment Agreement. 

On
March 9, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Barry Kostiner in the capacity of Manager, Capital Markets, and
now its Chief Executive Officer, for no specific term. The Employment Agreement provides Mr. Kostiner with the following compensation
and benefits: 

Annual
 base salary of no less than 120,000, which may be increased at the discretion of the Board from time to time. 

Participation
 in any annual or long-term bonus or incentive plans maintained by the Company for its senior executives; 

Participation
 in any stock option, stock ownership, stock incentive or other equity-based compensation plans maintained by the Company for its
 senior executives; and 

Participation
 in all compensation or employee benefit plans or programs, and all benefits or perquisites, for which any member of the Company s
 senior management is eligible under any existing or future Company plan or program; 

The
Employment Agreement further provides that if the Board determines that Mr. Kostiner has engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct
in a manner that caused or contributed to the need for a material restatement of the Company s financial results, and if the performance-based
compensation paid under the Employment Agreement would have been lower if based on such restated results, then the Board and the Company
may seek recoupment from Mr. Kostiner of any portion of such performance-based compensation deemed appropriate. 

32 

Mr.
Kostiner s employment may be terminated by either party at any time. If Mr. Kostiner s employment is terminated (i) other
than for cause or (ii) upon Mr. Kostiner s death, permanent disability, or voluntary resignation, Mr. Kostiner will be entitled
to receive (i) any unearned and unpaid base salary and annual incentive compensation that has accrued but is paid as of the date of termination,
(ii) a pro rata portion of any annual incentive compensation that Mr. Kostiner would have been entitled to receive and, (iii) a separation
benefit in an amount equal to twenty-six (26) weeks of base salary payable in biweekly installments. If Mr. Kostiner s employment
is terminated other than for cause or due to his voluntary resignation within 18 months of a change in control event, he
will be entitled to receive (i) any unearned and unpaid base salary and annual incentive compensation that has accrued but is paid as
of the date of termination, (ii) a separation benefit in an amount equal to one year of base salary payable in bi-weekly installments.
Mr. Kostiner s entitlement to receive any separation benefit described in this paragraph is conditioned on Mr. Kostiner executing
a general release satisfactory to the Company. 

Under
the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Kostiner will be subject to certain confidentiality, non-solicitation, and other restrictive
covenants described in the Agreement. 

As
of August 2022, Mr. Kostiner has been receiving incremental compensation of 5,000 per month. 

Executive
Compensation Program Objectives and Overview 

The
Compensation Committee conducts an annual review of our executive compensation programs to ensure that: 

The
 program is designed to achieve our goals of promoting financial and operational success by attracting, motivating and facilitating
 the retention of key employees with outstanding talent and ability; and 

The
 program adequately rewards performance which is tied to creating stockholder value. 

Our
current executive compensation program is based on three components, which are designed to be consistent with our compensation philosophy:
(1) base salary; (2) annual incentive bonuses; and (3) grants of stock options and restricted stock. 

In
structuring executive compensation packages, the Compensation Committee considers how each component promotes retention and/or motivates
performance by the executive. Base salaries, perquisites and personal benefits, and severance and other termination benefits are primarily
intended to attract and retain highly qualified executives. We believe that in order to attract and retain top executives, we need to
provide them with compensation levels that reward their continued productive service. Annual incentive bonuses are primarily intended
to motivate our executive officers to achieve specific strategies and operating objectives, although we believe they also help us to
attract and retain top executives. We may also provide discretionary bonuses to our executives to incentivize or reward for them for
performance resulting in significant benefit to the Company or its stockholders. Our long-term equity incentives are primarily intended
to align executive officers long-term interests with stockholders long- term interests, although we believe they also play
a role in helping us to attract and retain top executives. Annual bonuses and stock option or restricted stock grants are the elements
of our executive compensation program designed to reward performance and thus the creation of stockholder value. 

We
view our current executive compensation program as one in which the individual components combine together to create a total compensation
package for each executive officer that we believe achieves our compensation objectives. In determining our current executive compensation
program and the amounts of compensation for each component of our program, the Compensation Committee evaluates the current executive
compensation data for companies in our industry. The Compensation Committee believes that our current executive compensation program
is appropriate based on the evaluation of the compensation paid by companies in our industry for similarly situated employees. 

Role
of Compensation Committee and Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions 

The
role of our Compensation Committee (or the full Board if no members have been appointed to such committee) is to oversee our compensation
programs and retirement plans and policies and review and approve all compensation decisions relating to the Company s Named Executive
Officers, including our Chief Executive Officer. Our Compensation Committee has historically reviewed, and in consultation with the entire
Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer (other than with respect to his own compensation), made all compensation decisions
for the Named Executive Officers. The Compensation Committee has historically reviewed and recommended the annual compensation package
of our Chief Executive Officer, the adoption of which requires the approval of the independent members of the Board of Directors. 

Our
Compensation Committee historically met with our Chief Executive Officer at least annually to review the performance of the other executive
officers, received the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer on the executive officers compensation and approved their
annual compensation packages. This meeting is intended to include a review by the Chief Executive Officer of the performance of each
Named Executive Officer who reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer. 

Setting
Executive Compensation 

In
furtherance of the philosophy and objectives described above, in setting compensation for our executive officers, our Compensation Committee
historically considered data obtained from the consulting firm of Pearl Meyer Partners, in addition to other factors, to assess
competitive pay levels and establish compensation targets for base salary, annual incentives and long-term incentives. The data from
the Pearl Meyer Partners surveys reflects compensation practices of companies in the education industry with annual revenue and
free cash flow that are comparable to our own, and includes data for executives with responsibilities cutting across the entire enterprise Survey Group ). 

Base
Salary 

We
have historically provided our executive officers and other employees with a base salary designed to compensate them for the day-to-day
services rendered to us during the fiscal year. Our Compensation Committee has historically reviewed each executive officer s salary
and performance annually. Market data from the Survey Group is used to determine base salary ranges for our executive officers based
on the position and responsibility. An executive officer s actual salary relative to this competitive salary range varies based
on the level of his or her responsibility, experience, individual performance and internal pay-equity considerations. Specific salary
increases take into account these factors and the current market for management talent. Salary increases have historically been considered
by the Compensation Committee each year. 

Annual
Incentive Compensation 

We
have an Executive Incentive Plan, or Bonus Plan for our executive officers and other participating employees. The Bonus Plan, administered
by the Compensation Committee (or the full Board if no members have been appointed to such committee), provides that the Compensation
Committee (or the full Board, if applicable) will determine the total amount of performance incentive bonuses to be paid to participants
under the Bonus Plan. Bonuses are based upon specific measures of our financial performance and achievement of each participant s
agreed upon annual goals. 

Specifically,
the Bonus Plan provides for target bonuses as a percent of each participant s yearly salary. The target bonuses for our executive
officers are as follows: 

Chief
Executive Officer 50 

Senior
Executive Officers 50 

Vice
Presidents and key employees 20 to 50 , as specified. 

Junior
employees may participate in the plan as designated. 

33 

Payouts
under the Bonus Plan are subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee (or the full Board if no members have been appointed to
such committee) following the finalization of our annual financial results and are based upon the following metrics: (i) Total Annual
Cash Sales, (ii) Overall Adjusted EBITDA, (iii) increase in Adjusted EBITDA and (iv) achievement of the participant s individual
goals. 

Equity
Incentive Compensation 

The
Company s 2015 Incentive Plan was approved by the stockholders at our annual meeting of stockholders on July 16, 2015. The 2015
Incentive Plan reserves 5,000,000 shares of our Common Stock for stock options, restricted stock, and a variety of other types of equity
awards. We believe that long-term incentive compensation programs align the interests of management, employees and the stockholders to
create long-term stockholder value. We believe that equity-based incentive compensation plans, such as the Incentive Plan, increase our
ability to achieve this objective, and, by allowing for several different forms of long-term equity-based incentive awards, help us to
recruit, reward, motivate and retain talented employees and other service providers. The text of the 2015 Incentive Plan is included
in the attachment marked as Appendix B to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 16, 2015. 

Discretionary
Performance Bonuses 

In
addition to compensation available under the Bonus Plan, which are intended to compensate executives based upon specific measures of
our financial performance and achievement of each participant s agreed upon annual goals, we may also provide, on a case-by-case
basis, discretionary transaction bonuses to executives who have accomplished goals or results of significant benefit to the Company or
its stockholders not included in the Bonus Plan. Payment of such Discretionary Performance Bonuses are subject the approval of the Compensation
Committee and ratification by the full Board. 

Deferred
Compensation Plans 

We
do not have a deferred compensation plan. 

Retirement
Benefits 

We
have a 401(k)-employee savings plan for eligible employees that provides for a matching contribution from us, determined each year at
our discretion. The Company made matching contributions in 2022. 

Medical,
Dental, Life Insurance and Disability Coverage 

We
provide other benefits such as medical, dental and life insurance, and disability coverage to each Named Executive Officer in benefits
plans that are also provided to all eligible U.S. based salaried employees. Eligible employees can purchase additional life, dependent
life and accidental death and dismemberment coverage as part of their employee benefits package. 

Deductibility
of Executive Compensation 

The
exemption from Section 162(m) s deduction limit for performance-based compensation has been repealed, effective for tax years beginning
after December 31, 2017, such that compensation paid to our covered executive officers in excess of 1.0 million will not be deductible
unless it qualifies for transition relief applicable to certain arrangements in place as of November 2, 2017. Due to the ambiguities
and uncertainties as to the application and interpretation of Section 162(m) and the regulations issued thereunder, including the uncertain
scope of the transition relief under the legislation, no assurance can be given that compensation intended to satisfy the requirements
for exemption from Section 162(m) in fact will. 

For
2022, the annual salary paid to any of our Named Executive Officers did not exceed 1.0 million. Restricted stock granted under the terms
of long-term incentives are exempt as performance-based compensation for purposes of calculating the 1.0 million limit. To maintain
flexibility in compensating the Named Executive Officers in a manner designed to promote varying corporate goals, the Compensation Committee
reserves the right to recommend and award compensation that is not deductible under Section 162(m). 

34 

Executive
Compensation Tables 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned by, awarded to or paid to our Named Executive Officers during the
two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 (1) and 2021 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (1) 
 Bonus (1) 
 Stock Awards 2)(3) 
 Other (4) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Barry Kostiner 
 2022 
 134,231 
 22,500 
 
 26,126 
 182,857 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (since 12/01/2021) 
 2021 
 87,231 

26,126 
 113,357 

Michel Botbol 
 2022 

Former Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 130,769 

26,691 
 157,460 
 
 03/08/2021 through 12/01/2021) 

James E .May 
 2022 

Former Chief Executive Officer (through 03/08/21) 
 2021 
 184,554 
 50,000 
 
 26,843 
 261,397 

Former General Counsel (03/08/2021 through 11/04/2021) 

Vanessa Guzm n-Clark 
 2022 

Chief Financial Officer (through 11/08/2021) 
 2021 
 153,473 
 50,000 
 
 29,273 
 232,746 

(1) 
 The
 Company s 2015 Equity Plan (the 2015 Incentive Plan was approved by the stockholders at our annual meeting of
 stockholders on July 16, 2015. The 2015 Incentive Plan reserves 5,000,000 shares of our Common Stock for stock options, restricted
 stock, and a variety of other types of equity awards. The text of the 2015 Incentive Plan is included in the attachment marked as
 Appendix B to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2015.
 The financial activity pertaining to our employees and directors under the 2015 Incentive Plan is reflected in our consolidated financial
 statements presented herein. 

(2) 
 Stock
 awards are valued based on the closing price per share on the grant date. 

(3) 
 Includes
 401(k) match, employer portion of employee s health, vision, dental and life insurance benefits paid by the Company as part
 of the Company s Employee Benefits Programs. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding option awards for any of our Named Executive Officers. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

There
are no currently existing potential payments upon termination or change of control with any of our Named Executive Officers. We did not
pay any such amounts to any of our former executive officers upon their resignations in November and December 2022. 

35 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

On
at least an annual basis, the Compensation Committee has historically reviewed overall board of director s compensation.
Any changes made to Board compensation as a result of these reviews requires full ratification by the Board of Directors. We use a combination
of cash and stock-based incentive compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Board of Directors. In setting
director compensation, we consider the significant amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company as
well as the skill-level required of the Board of Directors. 

Our
employee directors have historically not received any additional compensation for serving on the Board. During 2022, the only employees
who served as a director was Barry Kostiner. 

In
addition to receiving quarterly retainers, directors have been generally eligible to receive sign-on and annual equity awards through
stock or options. We have adopted an equity incentive plan that was approved by the stockholders at our annual meeting of stockholders
on July 16, 2015 for equity-based incentives under the Company s 2015 Equity Plan (the 2015 Incentive Plan ). 

Total
compensation attributable to each non-employee director during 2022, which excludes reimbursable expenses, was NIL 

36 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership Information 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial common stock ownership as of January 10, 2023 (i) of each person or entity known by us to be
the beneficial owner of five percent or more of our common stock, (ii) by each of our directors, Named Executive Officers and nominee
for director and (iii) by all directors and executive officers as a group. 

As
used herein, the term beneficial ownership with respect to a security is defined by Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as consisting of sole or shared voting power (including the power to vote or direct the vote) and/or sole or shared investment power
(including the power to dispose or direct the disposition of) with respect to the security through any contract, arrangement, understanding,
relationship or otherwise, including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days. 

Unless
otherwise noted, beneficial ownership consists of sole ownership, voting and investment rights. This table is based upon information
supplied to us by our Named Executive Officers, directors and principal stockholders and/or contained in reports filed by these persons
with the SEC. 

Name 
 Amount of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 Percent of Common Stock (1) 
 
 Barry Kostiner (2) 
 15,415,000 
 34.18 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (1 person) 
 15,415,000 
 34.18 
 
 Other owners of more than 5 of outstanding Common Stock 

GLD Legacy Holdings, LLC (3) 
 22,100,000 
 37.98 
 
 Legacy Tech Partners LLC (4) 
 15,100,000 
 33.48 
 
 Anthony C. Humpage (5) 
 3,969,312 
 10.43 
 
 Pemberton Holdings, LLC (5) 
 2,842,819 
 7.45 
 
 Day One, LLC (6) 
 2,411,368 
 6.32 
 
 Ingrid Whitney (7) 
 2,279,799 
 5.97 
 
 David S. Nagelberg (8) 
 2,102,054 
 5.51 
 
 International Securities 3, LLC (7) 
 397,310 
 1.04 
 
 McDowell Sonoran, LLC (5) 
 196,000 

Less
 than 1 
 
 (1) 
 Based
 on 38,182,697 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of January 10, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents
 (i) 315,000 restricted shares held directly by Mr. Kostiner, (ii) 8,186,500 issued and outstanding shares of our common stock held
 by LTP and (iii) 6,913,500 shares of our common stock underlying an outstanding 10 senior secured convertible debenture due March
 8, 2022 held by LTP (the LTP Debenture ). Mr. Kostiner, sole member of our Board of Directors and CEO, is the president
 of LTP and has voting and dispositive power over these shares. Does not include (a) up to an additional 90,000,000 shares of our
 common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the LTP Debenture (assuming we borrow all amounts under the LTP Debenture), (b)
 up to an additional 100,000,000 shares of our common stock underlying warrants issued or to be issued to the Selling Shareholder
 upon conversion of the LTP Debenture, and (c) up to 28,000,000 shares of our common stock and a like number of warrants that may
 be issuable under outstanding convertible debentures held by ABCImpact I, LLC, of which an affiliate of Mr. Kostiner has a non-controlling
 beneficial interest, all of which are subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership blocker. Mr. Kostiner disclaims beneficial ownership
 except to the extent of his pecuniary interests therein. 

37 

(3) 
 Daniel
 Gordon has voting and dispositive control over these shares, as the 100 owner of GLD Management, Inc., the General Partner of GLD
 Partners, LP, sole member of GLD Legacy Holdings, LLC. Represents 20,000,000 shares of our common stock underlying an outstanding
 debenture held by the Selling Shareholder (the GLD Debenture and an additional 2,100,000 shares of issued and outstanding
 common stock. Does not include up to 20,000,000 shares of our common stock underlying warrants that would be issued to the Selling
 Shareholder upon the conversion of the GLD Debenture, or 315,000 shares of our common stock held by an affiliate of GLD. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents
 (i) 8,186,500 issued and outstanding shares of our common stock held by LTP and (iii) 6,913,500 shares of our common stock underlying
 an outstanding 10 senior secured convertible debenture due March 8, 2022 held by LTP (the LTP Debenture ). Mr. Kostiner
 is the president of LTP and has voting and dispositive power over these shares. Does not include (a) up to an additional 90,000,000
 shares of our common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the LTP Debenture (assuming we borrow all amounts under the LTP
 Debenture) and (b) up to an additional 100,000,000 shares of our common stock underlying warrants issued or to be issued to the Selling
 Shareholder upon conversion of the LTP Debenture, all of which are subject to a beneficial ownership blocker. 
 
 (5) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G jointly filed by Anthony C. Humpage, Pemberton Holdings, LLC and McDowell Sonoran LLC on February 14, 2020. The
 shares of Pemberton Holdings, LLC and McDowell Sonoran LLC are beneficially owned by Anthony C. Humpage. The address of Pemberton
 Holdings LLC and McDowell Sonoran LLC is 3225 McLeod Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89121. 
 
 (6) 
 Based
 on information available from the Company s Record Shareholder list as of January 10, 2023. Upon information and belief, the
 shares of Day One, LLC and International Securities 3, LLC are beneficially owned by Russell A. Whitney. The address of Day One LLC
 and International Securities 3 LLC is 4818 Coronado Parkway, Cape Coral, FL 33904. 
 
 (7) 
 Upon
 information and belief based on information available from the Company s Record Shareholder list as of January 10, 2023. The
 address of Ingrid Whitney is 1217 Cape Coral Parkway East, Cape Coral, FL 33904. 
 
 (8) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by David Nagelberg on January 30, 2020. The address of David Nagelberg is c/o Thompson Hine LLP, 335 Madison
 Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York, 10017. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company s 2015 Equity Plan (the 2015 Incentive Plan was approved by the stockholders at our annual meeting of stockholders
on July 16, 2015. The 2015 Incentive Plan reserves 5,000,000 shares of our Common Stock for stock options, restricted stock, and a variety
of other types of equity awards. The text of the 2015 Incentive Plan is included in the attachment marked as Appendix B to the Company s
Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2015. The financial activity pertaining
to our employees and directors under the 2015 Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Note 8 Share-Based Compensation 
of our consolidated financial statements, presented herein. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Person Transactions Policy 

Our
Board has adopted a written policy for the review and the approval or ratification of any related person transaction. Under the policy,
a related person is any (1) director, nominee for director or executive officer of the Company and any Immediate Family
Member of such person, and (2) any holder of 5 or more of any class of outstanding equity securities of the Company and any Immediate
Family Member such person. The policy defines an Interested Transaction is any transaction, arrangement or relationship
or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) in which (1)
the aggregate amount involved will or may reasonably be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) the Company or its subsidiaries
or affiliates is a participant, and (3) any Related Person has or will have a direct or indirect interest (other than solely as a result
of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). 

The
policy requires the Audit Committee to review the material facts of all Interested Transactions that require the Committee s approval
and either approve or disapprove of the entry into the Interested Transaction, subject to certain exceptions described in the Policy. 

Since
January 1, 2021, the Company issued 675 thousand in Senior Secured Convertible Debenture to LTP, a related party. Barry Kostiner, chief
executive officer, chairman of the board, and interim principal financial and accounting officer holds a 25 membership interest in LTP.
On May 4, 2021, LTP exercised its conversion rights with respect to 330 thousand and the company issued and equal amount of stock warrants
on June 11, 2021. There have been no other transactions between the Company and its executive officers, directors, nominees, principal
stockholders and other related parties involving amounts in excess of 120,000. There are currently no proposed transactions of the type
mentioned in the preceding sentence. 

Between
June 2022 and March 17, 2023, we borrowed an aggregate of 2,315,500 from ABCImpact I, LLC, evidenced by 10 Convertible Debentures.
ABCImpact has the option to loan up to 5 million. An affiliate of Mr. Kostiner has a non-controlling passive interest in ABCImpact. 

38 

On
July 15, 2022, we entered into a Forbearance Agreement with GLD Legacy Holdings, LLC, the holder of our 10 Senior Secured Convertible
Debenture dated August 27, 2021, and Legacy Tech Partners, LLC, the holder of our 10 Senior Secured Convertible Debenture dated March
8, 2021. Mr. Kostiner is a manager of LTP. Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, GLD and LTP each agreed to forbear from exercising
its rights against us under the applicable Note until the earlier of (i) a default under the Forbearance Agreement or a new default under
such Note or (ii) October 15, 2022 (the Forbearance Period ). Prior to the expiration of the Forbearance Period, the Company
agreed to cause a sale of the GLD Note to ABCImpact or as directed by ABCImpact, at a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance
due and payable on the GLD Note by no later than October 15, 2022, which shall be in full and complete satisfaction of our obligations
to GLD under the GLD Note. As partial consideration for GLD entering into the Forbearance Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to GLD
2,100,000 shares of our common stock and to issue to LTP 1,600,000 shares of our common stock. The Company also agreed to use its best
efforts to effect a spin-off of an existing to-be-determined subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to the terms described in the Forbearance
Agreement. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board of Directors has determined that none of our directors qualify as an independent director . Because our Common Stock
is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition of independence of The NASDAQ Stock Market to
make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee
of the Company or any other individual having a relationship with the Company that, in the opinion of the Company s Board, would
interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide
that a director cannot be independent if: 

The
 director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the Company; 

The
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including,
 among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

A
 family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the Company; 

The
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which the Company made, or from which the Company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

The
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 years, any of the executive officers of the Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

The
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the Company s audit. 

39 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
Board of Directors has appointed Ram Associates as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. Services provided to Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. by Ram Associates for fiscal year 2022 are described under Fees
to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Fiscal Years 2022 below. 

Years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees Ram Associates (1) 
 87 
 95 
 
 Audit fees - MaloneBailey LLP (1) 
 
 52 
 
 Tax fees Baker Tilly LLP (2) 

Tax fees - Hacker Johnson Smith PA (1) 
 
 82 
 
 Tax fees Crowe Horwath LLP (3) 

Tax fees - Harris Trotter LLP 
 
 20 
 
 Tax fees - Durward Jones Barkwell Company LLP 
 4 
 3 
 
 Total fees 
 91 
 252 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees includes approximately 67 thousand of accrued audit fees pertaining to our 2022 fiscal year audit to be billed in 2023 by Ram
 Associates. 

(2) 
 Tax
 fees include fees related to GST or VAT audits in various international markets. 

Audit
Fees 

This
category includes the review of three interim quarterly financial statements of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. s quarterly financial
statements, for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2022 and the annual audit for the fiscal year December 31, 2022 of Legacy
Education Alliance, Inc. s financial statements, paid to Ram Associates. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting
matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, and the preparation of an annual
 management letter on internal control matters. 

Tax
Fees 

This
category consists of fees for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance
regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, return preparation, tax audits and customs and duties. 

Pre-Approval
Policies 

Historically,
our Audit Committee operated under a written charter adopted by the Board. The Audit Committee Charter is available on our website at
the Governance Docs link under the Corporate Governance link under the Investors tab at www.legacyeducationalliance.com .
The purpose of the Audit Committee has been to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee the quality and integrity
of the accounting, auditing, and reporting practices of the Company. The Committee oversaw the Company s systems of internal controls
regarding finance, accounting, information technology, legal and regulatory compliance and ethical behavior, the audits of the Company s
financial statements, the qualifications of the accounting firm engaged as the Company s independent auditor, and the performance
of the Company s independent auditors. Historically, the Audit Committee ha the sole authority and responsibility to appoint, compensate,
evaluate and, when appropriate, replace the Company s independent auditor. When making such determinations, the Audit Committee
considered, among other things, the recommendations of management of the Company. We currently do not have any members on our Audit Committee,
as all of the prior members resigned in 2021. Barry Kostiner, our sole director, does not qualify as independent under the applicable
independence standards of the Exchange Act. 

40 

Historically,
our Audit Committee served in an oversight capacity and was not part of the Company s managerial or operational decision-making
process. Management is responsible for the financial reporting process, including the system of internal controls, and the preparation
of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The Company s
independent auditor, Ram Associates, LLP, is responsible for auditing those financial statements and expressing an opinion as to their
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Historically, the Audit Committee s responsibility was to oversee the financial reporting
process and the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee relied, without independent verification,
on the information provided to it and on the representations made by management, the internal auditor and the independent auditor. As
we do not currently have an Audit committee, all such matters are currently overseen by Mr. Kostiner, the sole member of our Board of
Directors. 

The
Board of Directors discussed with Ram Associates matters that independent registered public accounting firms must discuss with audit
committees under generally accepted auditing standards and standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, including, among
other things, matters related to the conduct of the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements and the matters required
to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board AU 380 (Communications with Audit Committees). These reviews included discussions
with management and the independent auditor of the quality (not merely the acceptability) of the Company s accounting principles,
the reasonableness of significant estimates and judgments, and the disclosures in the Company s consolidated financial statements,
including the disclosures relating to critical accounting policies. 

Ram
Associates also provided to the Board of Directors the written disclosures and the letter required by applicable requirements of PCAOB
Ethics and Independence Rule 3526, Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence, regarding its communications with the
Board concerning independence, and represented that it is independent from the Company. The Board discussed with Ram Associates their
independence from the Company and considered if services they provided to the Company beyond those rendered in connection with their
audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements, and reviews of the Company s interim condensed consolidated financial
statements included in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q compromise independence. 

During
2022, the Board received regular updates on the amount of fees and scope of audit and audit-related services provided. In addition, the
Board reviewed and approved audit and non-audit services provided by Ram Associates pursuant to the preapproval policies and procedures
set forth in the Audit Committee Charter related to the provision of audit and non-audit services by the independent auditors. 

Based
on the Board of Directors review and these meetings, discussions and reports discussed above, and subject to the limitations referred
to above and in the Audit Committee Charter, the Board approved the inclusion of the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

41 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Method
 of filing 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 10, 2014, by and among Priced In Corp., Priced in Corp. Subsidiary, Tigrent Inc. and Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2014. 

2.2 
 
 Elite Legacy Education UK LTD, Proposal for Company Voluntary Arrangement 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 15, 2021. 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2014. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2017. 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2014. 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws of Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2017. 

3.5 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 12, 2018. 

4.1 
 
 Rights Agreement dated as of February 16, 2017, between Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC, which includes the Form of Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as Exhibit A, the Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock as Exhibit C. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2017. 

4.2 
 
 Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of November 12, 2018, between Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2018. 

4.3 
 
 Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of February 11, 2021, between Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021. 

4.4 
 
 Assumption Agreement dated November 25, 2019, between Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.2 in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2019. 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on March 25, 2013. 

10.1 
 
 Bill of Sale, Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of September 10, 2014, by and between Tigrent Inc. and Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2014. 

10.2 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 10, 2014. 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 1, 2017, by and between Legacy Education Alliance, Inc., and James E. May. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 6, 2017. 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, by and between Legacy Education Alliance, Inc., and Vanessa Guzm n-Clark. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2021. 

10.5 
 
 Royalty Payment Agreement dated March 15, 2013 (1) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 in the Company s Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 11, 2015. 

10.6 
 
 License Agreement with Rich Dad Operating Company, LLC, dated September 1, 2013 (1) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 in the Company s Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 11, 2015. 

10.7 
 
 Settlement and Amendment to the 2013 License Agreement, dated April 22, 2014 (1) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.7 in the Company s Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 11, 2015. 

10.8 
 
 Second Amendment to Rich Dad Operating Company, LLC License Agreement, dated January 25, 2018. (1) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2018. 

10.9 
 
 Mutual Waiver and Release of Claims, dated January 25, 2018. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2018. 

10.10 
 
 Talent Endorsement Agreement with Robbie Fowler, dated January 1, 2015 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.9 in the Company s Form 10 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2017. 

10.11 
 
 Talent Endorsement Agreement with Martin Roberts, dated April 20, 2017. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.10 in the Company s Form 10 filed with the SEC on May 12, 2017. 

42 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Method
 of filing 
 
 10.12 
 
 2015 Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 filed with the SEC on June 16, 2015. 

10.13 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2015. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2015. 

10.15
 + 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement (2015 Incentive Plan) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2015. 

Settlement Agreement and Release dated October 31, 2017 among Elite Legacy Education, Inc.; Rich Dad Education, LLC; and Tigrent Enterprises, Inc. and the other parties thereto. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2017. 

10.16 
 
 December 23, 2019 Real Estate Education Training Program Development Agreement by and between Legacy Education Alliance Holdings, Inc., and T B Seminars, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021. 

10.17 
 
 Bankruptcy or Receivership of Legacy UK 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021. 

10.18 
 
 Commercial Contract dated July 24, 2021, between 1612 E. Cape Coral Parkway Holding Co., LLC, a subsidiary of the Company and Daniel Thom, as Trustee of Torstonbo Trust. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14, 2021. 

10.19 
 
 First Amendment to Commercial Contract dated August 20, 2021, between 1612 E. Cape Coral Parkway Holding Co., LLC, a subsidiary of the Company and Daniel Thom, as Trustee of Torstonbo Trust. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-k filed with the SEC on August 20, 2021. 

10.20 
 
 Second Amendment to Commercial Contract dated September 24, 2021, between 1612 E. Cape Coral Parkway Holding Co., LLC, a subsidiary of the Company and Daniel Thom, as Trustee of Torstonbo Trust. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 29, 2021. 

10.21 
 
 Promissory Note and Mortgage, Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement, dated August 6, 2021, by and between 1612 E. Cape Coral Parkway Holding Co., LLC and Northern Equity Group, Inc., JKH Ventures, Inc., and Donald Ross, LLC. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14, 2021. 

10.22

Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Agreement dated March 8, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

10.23 
 
 Form of Guaranty 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

10.24 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

43 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Title 
 
 Method
 of filing 
 
 10.25 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 9, 2021, between Legacy Education Alliance, Inc., and Michel Botbol 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

10.26 
 
 Non-Binding Term Sheet, dated February 11, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021. 

10.27 
 
 Subordinated Secured Convertible Debenture Agreement dated May 4, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021. 

10.28 
 
 Form of Guaranty 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021. 

10.29 
 
 Form of Warranty 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021. 

10.30 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Note, dated April 19, 2021, by and between Cross River Bank and Elite Legacy Education, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021. 

10.31 
 
 Amendment to Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Agreement dated August 27, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

10.32 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Debenture Agreement dated August 27, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

10.33 
 
 Form of Guaranty 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

10.34 
 
 Form of Warranty 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

10.35

Intercreditor Agreement dated August 27, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

10.36 
 
 Stock Purchase and Option Agreement dated November 18, 2021 with Mayer and Associates, LLC 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2021. 

10.37 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022 

10.38 
 
 Form of convertible Promissory Note 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022 

10.39 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 26, 2022 

10.40
 + 
 
 Employment Agreement with Barry Kostiner dated March 9, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.43 in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022 

10.41 
 
 Convertible Debenture, with form of Common Stock Warrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 

10.42 
 
 Forbearance Agreement 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2022 

10.43 
 
 Convertible Debenture, with form of Common Stock Warrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022 

10.44 
 
 Form of Convertible Debenture, with form of Common Stock Warrant 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25, 2022 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 14.1 in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2016. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification of the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 

+ 
 Executive
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 (1) 
 Portions
 of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
 
 (2) 
 Certain
 identified information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful
 if publicly disclosed. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LEGACY
 EDUCATION ALLIANCE, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 BARRY KOSTINER 
 
 Dated:
 May 19, 2023 
 
 Barry
 Kostiner 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on our behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 BARRY KOSTINER 
 
 Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May 19, 2023 
 
 Barry
 Kostiner 
 
 (principal executive, financial and accounting officer) 

45 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Domestic
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Formation 
 
 Legacy
 Education Alliance Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 
 
 Elite
 Legacy Education, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 SCB
 Building LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Speaker
 Services of America Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Tigrent
 Learning Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Tigrent
 Enterprises Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 LEA
 Brands Inc. 
 
 Colorado 
 
 LEAI
 Properties, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Legacy
 Events, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 1612
 E. Cape Coral Parkway Holding Co., LLC. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Legacy
 Edtech, Inc. 
 
 Delaware

Foreign
 Subsidiaries 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Formation 
 
 Rich
 Dad Education Ltd. (Canada) 
 
 Canada 
 
 Elite
 Legacy Education Ltd. (UK) 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Tigrent
 Learning Canada, Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Legacy
 Education Alliance International Ltd. 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Tigrent
 South Africa Pty. Ltd 
 
 South
 Africa 
 
 Legacy
 Education Alliance Hong Kong Limited 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 Whitney
 International (Singapore) PTE. LTD 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Legacy
 Education Alliance Australia (PTY) LTD 
 
 Australia 
 
 LEAI
 Properties UK Ltd. 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 LEAI
 Property Development UK Ltd. 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 LEAI
 Property Investment UK Ltd. 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Legacy
 Education Alliance UK Ltd 
 
 United
 Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Barry Kostiner, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Form 10-K of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 BARRY KOSTINER 

Barry
 Kostiner 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Barry Kostiner, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Form 10-K of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 BARRY KOSTINER 

Barry
 Kostiner 

Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Barry Kostiner, Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 BARRY KOSTINER 

Barry
 Kostiner 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Legacy Education Alliance, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Barry Kostiner, Interim
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 May 19, 2023 
 /s/
 BARRY KOSTINER 

Barry
 Kostiner 

Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 leai-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 leai-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 leai-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 leai-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

