<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1849294_0001683168-23-002346.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3898379</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>278393</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>765614</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>911874</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>857578</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>992365</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002346.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413145320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002346
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fortune Rise Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849294
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				861850747
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40990
		FILM NUMBER:		23818114

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13575 58TH STREET NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-440-4603

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13575 58TH STREET NORTH
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002346.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 fortune_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________
to ________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Stock and on-half of one Warrant 
 
 The Stock Market LLC 

The Stock Market LLC 

of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 
 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 No 

At June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock of the registrant held
by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

The number of shares of the Common Stock of the
registrant outstanding as of April 12, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 FORM 10-K 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 20 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 
 
 PART II 
 21 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 29 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 30 
 
 PART III 
 31 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 31 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 38 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 39 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 42 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 45 
 
 PART IV 
 46 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 46 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 48 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 49 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking
statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements
about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate
 potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from dividend income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable laws. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form
10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to Fortune
Rise Acquisition Corporation. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar
business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination. We are not limited to a particular industry
or geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial business combination. 

On November 5, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering (the IPO of 9,775,000 units (including 1,275,000 units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment
option, the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class
A Common Stock ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the
holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at an offering
price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 97,750,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private
sale (the Private Placement of 545,500 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Private Placement Shares including 505,500 shares to our sponsor, Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and 40,000 shares to U.S. Tiger Securities US Tiger and EF Hutton, a division of Benchmark Investment LLC, two representatives of the several underwriters
(each, a Representative ), at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Shares, generating gross proceeds to
the Company of 5,455,000. The Private Placement Shares are identical to the shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units
in the IPO, except that the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain
permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The proceeds of 99,705,000 10.20 per
Unit) in the aggregate from the IPO and the Private Placement, were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the benefit of our public stockholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Wilmington Trust, National Association acting
as trustee. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement that are held out of the Trust Account, although substantially
all the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination and working capital. 

We originally had until November 5, 2022 to consummate
our initial business combination; however, on November 4, 2022, an aggregate of 977,500 (the First Extension Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which enabled us to extend the
period of time we had to consummate our initial business combination by three months from November 5, 2022 to February 5, 2023 (the
 First Extension ). The First Extension was the first of the two three-month extensions permitted under our governing
documents. In connection with the First Extension Payment, we issued unsecured promissory notes (the First Extension Notes to certain initial stockholders including (i) a note of 413,750 to Mr. Koon Keung Chan, the former manager of our Sponsor,
(ii) a note of 150,000 to US Tiger, and (iv) a note of 170,000 to Dr. Lei Xu, the former President and Chairwoman of
the Company. 

The First Extension Notes are non-interest bearing
and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial business combination and
(ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company.
The holders of the First Extension Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert their First Extension Notes, in whole or in
part, respectively, into private shares of the Class A Common Stock (the First Extension Conversion Shares of the
Company, as described in the public offering prospectus we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 3, 2021, File
No. 333-256511 (the Prospectus ). The number of First Extension Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in
connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable
to such holders by (y) 10.00. The First Extension Notes were later assigned to our Sponsor on December 22, 2022. 

In addition, on February 6, 2023, 977,500 (the
 Second Extension Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per
public share, which enables us to extend the period of time we have to consummate our initial business combination by three months from
February 5, 2023 to May 5, 2023 (the Second Extension ). The Second Extension is the second and final of the two three-month
extensions permitted under our governing documents. In connection with the Second Extension Payment, we issued an unsecured promissory
note (the Second Extension Note to Water On Demand, Inc., a Nevada corporation that controls our Sponsor WODI ). 

1 

The Second Extension Note is non-interest bearing
and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial business combination
and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the
Company. The holder of the Second Extension Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert its Second Extension Note, in whole
or in part, into private shares of the Class A Common Stock (the Second Extension Conversion Shares of the
Company, as described in the Prospectus. The number of Second Extension Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in connection
with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders
by (y) 10.00. 

 After prior approval of our board of directors, on
April 10, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, 81.61 of stockholders entitled to vote (including holders of Class A and Class
B shares of Common Stock on March 3, 2023) approved the filing of an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(the Amendment to extend, upon the request of our Sponsor, and approval by our board of directors, the period of
time for the Company to (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses, which we refer to as a business combination, (ii) cease
its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s Class A
common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on November 5, 2021,
up to six times, each by an additional month, for an aggregate of six additional months (i.e. from May 5, 2023 up to November 5, 2023)
(with an amended price per unredeemed share of Class A common stock of 0.0625) or such earlier date as determined by the board of
directors. On April 11, 2023, we filed the Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. The stockholder vote to approve the Amendment
also triggered a redemption right for the holders of the public shares of Class A Common Stock. As a result of the Amendment, 4,493,968 
shares of Class A Common Stock elected to be redeemed. 

Effective December 22, 2022, Ka Wai Cheung, Koon
Lin Chan, and Koon Keung Chan, our Sponsor, and WODI entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement pursuant to which
they sold to WODI all right, title and interest in and to the membership interests held by each of Messrs, Cheung, Chan, and Chan in the
Sponsor (100 membership interests) for 400,000. 

In addition, effective December 22, 2022, our
Sponsor entered into a Securities Transfer Agreement with each of US Tiger Securities, Inc. (as designee of Lei Huang), Lei Xu, Yuanmei
Ma, Norman C. Kristoff, David Xianglin Li, Michael Davidov, and Christy Szeto (the Sellers pursuant to which the
Sellers sold to the Sponsor an aggregate of 343,750 shares of Class B Common Stock for the purchase price of 3,506.25. Out of the issued
and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, an aggregate of 100,000 shares remain owned by former management. 

Lastly, on December 22, 2022, each of Koon Keung
Chan, Lei Xu, and US Tiger Securities, Inc. assigned each of their promissory notes issued on November 4, 2022 in the aggregate amount
of 773,750 to the Sponsor. 

 On January 5, 2023, we signed a non-binding Letter
of Intent (the LOI with WODI, under which we propose to acquire all the outstanding securities of WODI based on
certain material financial and business terms and conditions being met. A business combination will be subject to our due diligence of
WODI as well as negotiating a definitive agreement; however, there is no assurance that any definitive agreement will be reached between
WODI and the Company. 

Besides the LOI disclosed above, we have currently
not selected any other potential business combination target or initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any
other potential business combination prospects. Given that we have already extended the time limit to consummate a business combination,
we may not have adequate time to successfully locate an alternative potential target; any search is subject to the uncertainties discussed
elsewhere in the Prospectus. We shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations
in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from undertaking our initial
business combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Since our IPO, our sole business activity has
been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We presently have no revenue and have had losses since inception
from incurring formation and operating costs. We have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from the Sponsor and other parties
to fund our operations. 

2 

Business Strategy and Acquisition Criteria 

 Our strategy has been to identify, acquire, and initiate
an initial business combination with the mindset and goal to build and grow a company or companies, in search of potential targets from
various industries which we believe could materially grow revenue and earnings through the efforts of a combined management team following
the completion of an initial business combination. We will not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal
business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our Certificate of Incorporation prohibit us from undertaking our initial
business combination with any entity that conducts a majority of its business or is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Consistent with our business strategies and objectives,
we identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are helpful in evaluating prospective targets companies
for acquisition or business combination, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend to
use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we see
justification to do so. 

Strong management Team . We will seek to acquire those businesses with reasoned and strong managements having a track record of driving growth and profitability; or having proposition of the businesses that may likely be well received by public investors. 

Growth Potential . We will be looking for businesses that we believe present the potential for revenue and earnings growth through a combination of business, management and resources. We will also consider businesses with potential to generate stable and increasing free cash flow. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance stockholder value. 

Benefit from being a public company . We intend to only acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and which can effectively utilize access to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

This list of criteria and guidelines are not intended
to be exhaustive. Our management team will evaluate and value potential target company on a case-by-case basis. Any evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination or acquisition may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines
as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into
our initial business combination or acquisition with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose
that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guideline in our stockholder communications, which as discussed in the Prospectus
would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC. 

Our Acquisition Process 

We will evaluate a potential target s strengths,
weaknesses, and opportunities to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential target for our initial business combination. 

Besides WODI, we currently do not have any specific
business combination under consideration. Our officers and directors have not individually selected a target business aside from WODI.
The prior management team was made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which may have been desirable to pursue for
a business combination, but they were not successful in consummating a transaction. Besides as discussed above, we have not (nor has anyone
on our behalf) had any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial
business combination with us. 

3 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. 

Our Sponsor and directors and officers are not
prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with
their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination. Our management team, in their capacities
as directors or officers or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to third parties before they
present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for
us to pursue. 

 Our officers may become an officer or director of
any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, even before we enter into
a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by May
5, 2023, unless extended monthly to November 5, 2023 by approval of our board of directors and payment of the extension by our Sponsor,
or its affiliates. Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law, none of the members of our management have any obligation
to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our Sponsor and directors and officers
are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in
connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination. Our management team, in
their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to third parties, before they present such opportunities
to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that
we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary, contractual or other
obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to present such opportunity to such entity and
only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. However,
we do not believe that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

In the event we seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with, or which there is a fiduciary, contractual or other obligation by, our Sponsor, officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, may obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is
a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that the consideration to be paid
by us in the initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Any such entity may co-invest with us
in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition
by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce
our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person
solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

As of the date of this report, we have not entered
into any definitive agreements which have not been terminated, for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction
and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging
in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. 

4 

Potential Conflicts 

Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware
law, none of the members of our management team has any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination
of which they become aware. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming
involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing
our initial business combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors and officers, in their other endeavors, may choose
to present potential business combinations to third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete
on a reasonable basis. 

 As more fully discussed in Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest , if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial
business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he may be required to present such initial business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such initial
business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors may have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
to such other entities (as well as to us). We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive
officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

For more information on the foregoing conflicts
of interest and the relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our management team, see the section titled Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest . 

Our Sponsor, officers, and directors have interests
that may be different from, or in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. These interests include, among other things: 

the fact that our Sponsor holds 2,343,750 shares of Class B Common Stock which will may be worthless if we liquidate instead of complete an initial business combination; 

The fact that our Sponsor, and its affiliates (WODI), also hold convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 2,030,000 and will likely further loan money to our company for working capital purposes, all of which may be worthless if we liquidate instead of complete an initial business combination; 

The fact that WODI, which controls our Sponsor, is
 also the target for acquisition by our company as a result of the LOI. The Sponsor as well as WODI have an interest in completing an
 initial business combination as WODI s stockholders stand to benefit from the merger consideration as well seeing that the
 equity our Sponsor owns in our company, and the deposits made to the Trust Account, including recently to extend the date of the
 business combination to May 5, 2023 (and any subsequent extension deposits), are put to use in an initial business combination, and
 not liquidated in a winding up of our company; and 

the fact that, if the Trust Account is liquidated, including in the event we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period, the Sponsor has agreed to indemnify us to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced below 10.20 per public share, or such lesser per public share amount as is in the Trust Account on the liquidation date, by the claims of prospective target businesses with which we have entered into an acquisition agreement or claims of any third party for services rendered or products sold to us, but only if such a third party or target business has not executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account. 

5 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive
business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional
initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange
their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us
to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being
a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company
than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road
show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could
have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a
company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of
certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS
Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an
 emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company
until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Financial Position 

 With funds in the Trust Account as of March 22, 2023
available for a business combination in the amount of 99,997,114 after payment of 3,421,250 for deferred underwriting commissions, before
fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of potential options such as
creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we may be able to complete our business combination using our cash,
debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will
allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, prior to consummating a
business combination, the Trust Account may be reduced or substantially depleted by shareholder redemptions, thereby limiting the amount
of cash that we would ultimately have available to complete the transaction or meet the objectives of a potential target. We have not
taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

6 

Effecting our Initial Business Combination 

 We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage
in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to complete our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of the IPO and the Private Placement of the Private Placement Shares (subject to potential reduction of the Trust Account by shareholder
redemptions), our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We
may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt instruments, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A Common Stock, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction
company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the
purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital. 

 We may seek to raise additional funds through a private
offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may complete our initial
business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination.
In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy
materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder
approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third
party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our founders, officers, directors,
or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will be prohibited
from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote
as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond November 5, 2023
or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation)
we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds
we can use to complete another business combination. 

7 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business
Combination 

We originally had until November 5, 2022 to consummate
our initial business combination; however, on November 4, 2022, the First Extension Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the
public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which enabled the First Extension until February 5, 2023. The First Extension
was the first of the two three-month extensions permitted under our governing documents. In connection with the First Extension Payment,
we issued the First Extension Notes. 

The First Extension Notes are non-interest bearing
and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial business combination and
(ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company.
The holders of the First Extension Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert their First Extension Notes, in whole or in
part, respectively, into the First Extension Conversion Shares, as described in the Prospectus. The number of First Extension Conversion
Shares to be received by the holders in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of
the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders by (y) 10.00. The First Extension Notes were later assigned to our Sponsor. 

In addition, on February 6, 2023, the Second Extension
Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which enabled the Second
Extension until May 5, 2023. The Second Extension is the second and final of the two three-month extensions permitted under our governing
documents. In connection with the Second Extension Payment, we issued the Second Extension Note to WODI. 

The Second Extension Note
is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial
business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time,
at the election of the Company. The holder of the Second Extension Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert its Second
Extension Note, in whole or in part, into the Second Extension Conversion Shares, as described in the Prospectus. The number of Second
Extension Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing
(x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders by (y) 10.00. 

After prior approval of our
board of directors, on April 10, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, 81.61 of stockholders entitled to vote (including holders
of Class A and Class B shares of Common Stock on March 3, 2023) approved the filing of an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the Amendment to extend, upon the request of our Sponsor, and approval by our board of directors,
the period of time for the Company to (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses, which we refer to as a business combination, 
(ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s
Class A common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on November
5, 2021, up to six times, each by an additional month, for an aggregate of six additional months (i.e. from May 5, 2023 up to November
5, 2023) (with an amended price per unredeemed share of Class A common stock of 0.0625) or such earlier date as determined by the
board of directors. On April 11, 2023, we filed the Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. The stockholder vote to approve the
Amendment also triggered a redemption right for the holders of the public shares of Class A Common Stock. As a result of the Amendment,
 4,493,968 shares of Class A Common Stock elected to be redeemed. 

Additionally, if we cannot
complete our initial business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension
deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliates, we may be forced to liquidate and wind up unless we have obtained approval from our stockholders
holding no less than 65 or more of the votes to further extend the time that we need to complete an initial business combination and
provide out stockholders with the opportunity to redeem public shares in connection with such extension. 

8 

Sources of Target Businesses 

The former management expected to receive a number
of proprietary transaction opportunities to originate as a result of the business relationships, direct outreach, and deal sourcing activities
of that management team. In addition to the proprietary deal flow, they anticipated that target business candidates would be brought to
our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms, private equity groups,
large business enterprises, and other market participants. However, they were not successful in completing a business combination. The
new management may also have target businesses introduced to us on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the
Prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. However, besides as discussed above regarding WODI, the current management
has not (nor has anyone on our behalf) had any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with
respect to an initial business combination with us. 

Some of our officers, directors, and advisors may
enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence
or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. Although
we have approved monthly cash compensation to each of our directors and officers, in no event will the Sponsor or any of our existing
officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other
compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is) although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire to be paid
either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with
a business combination target that is affiliated with our founders, officers, directors, or advisors or making the acquisition through
a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our officers, directors or advisors. WODI is such a potential target. In the event
we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our founders, officers,
directors, or advisors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. As more fully discussed in the section of this Report
entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest , if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she
has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our business combination
with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

9 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment
of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills,
qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team or of our board,
if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will
remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their
full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team
will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. The determination as to whether
any members of our board of directors will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, to the extent
that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is
a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
Stockholder 
Approval is 
Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A Common Stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Common Stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of Common Stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of Common Stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

10 

The decision as to whether we will seek stockholders
approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include
a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: (i) the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder
approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company
at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; (ii) the expected cost of holding a stockholder
vote; (iii) the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; (iv) other time and budget
constraints of the company; and (v) additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming
and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

In the event we seek stockholder approval of our
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our founders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open
market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. 

None of the funds in the Trust Account will be
used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public
information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may
include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial
owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our founders, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not
currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange
Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine
at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote
such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business
combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met.
This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Common Stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may
make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our founders, officers, directors, advisors or
their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our founders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our founders,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against the business
combination. Our founders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

11 

Any purchases by our founders, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent
such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and
Rule 10b-5 under, the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the
safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our founders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will not make purchases
of Common Stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) of, or Rule 10b-5 under, the Exchange Act. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
Our founders and advisors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and any Private Placement Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination.
However, if our founders acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A Common Stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the
terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions
and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and
any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding Common Stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner
that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business
combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder
approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

12 

Upon the public announcement of our business combination,
we or our founders will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A Common
Stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
Act. 

In the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which
are not purchased by our founders, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as
(after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and
after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules)
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial
business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock voted are voted in favor of the business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock
of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote
at such meeting. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any
such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. 

These quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting
agreements of our initial stockholders may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder
may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote, do not vote or abstain, and if they do vote, irrespective of
whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction, and irrespective of whether they were a public stockholder on the record date
for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash
consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general
corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business
combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A Common Stock that
are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and
all shares of Class A Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

13 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Initial Business
Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased
by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders 
ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against, or to abstain from voting on, our business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer
or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two
business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to
deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such
delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable,
to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable
for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares.
The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to
deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion
of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose
above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to
the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder
meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder
delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s
election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

14 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in
our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business
Combination 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we will have only until May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension deposits
made by our Sponsor or its affiliate, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination
within such 18-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will
be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our business combination within the 18-month time period. 

We originally had until November 5, 2022 to consummate
our initial business combination; however, on November 4, 2022, the First Extension Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the
public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which enabled the First Extension to February 5, 2023. The First Extension was
the first of the two three-month extensions permitted under our governing documents. In connection with the First Extension Payment, we
issued the First Extension Notes. 

The First Extension Notes are non-interest bearing
and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial business combination and
(ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company.
The holders of the First Extension Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert their First Extension Notes, in whole or in
part, respectively, into the First Extension Conversion Shares, as described in the Prospectus. The number of First Extension Conversion
Shares to be received by the holders in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of
the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders by (y) 10.00. The First Extension Notes were later assigned to our Sponsor. 

In addition, on February 6, 2023, the Second
Extension Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which enabled
the Second Extension to May 5, 2023. The Second Extension is the second and final of the two three-month extensions permitted under our
governing documents. In connection with the Second Extension Payment, we issued the Second Extension Note to WODI. 

The Second Extension
Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our
initial business combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any
time, at the election of the Company. The holder of the Second Extension Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert its Second
Extension Note, in whole or in part, into the Second Extension Conversion Shares, as described in the Prospectus. The number of Second
Extension Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing
(x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders by (y) 10.00. 

15 

After prior approval of our
board of directors, on April 10, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, 81.61 of stockholders entitled to vote (including holders
of Class A and Class B shares of Common Stock on March 3, 2023) approved the filing of an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the Amendment to extend, upon the request of our Sponsor, and approval by our board of directors,
the period of time for the Company to (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses, which we refer to as a business combination, 
(ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase 100 of the Company s
Class A common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering that was consummated on November
5, 2021, up to six times, each by an additional month, for an aggregate of six additional months (i.e. from May 5, 2023 up to November
5, 2023) (with an amended price per unredeemed share of Class A common stock of 0.0625) or such earlier date as determined by the
board of directors. On April 11, 2023, we filed the Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State. The stockholder vote to approve the
Amendment also triggered a redemption right for the holders of the public shares of Class A Common Stock. As a result of the Amendment,
 4,493,968 shares of Class A Common Stock elected to be redeemed. 

Our initial stockholders have waived their rights
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares, Private Placement Shares and representative shares
held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board
of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in
or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month time period. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed, pursuant to
a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) that
would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval
of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate, or (ii) with respect to any other material
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem
our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we
cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above) we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption
of our public shares. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the funds
held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those
funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there
is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes on dividend income earned on the Trust Account balance, we may
request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 50,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would
be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which
would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution
must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are
sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

16 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to
waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such
lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by
a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for
such third party claims We have not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims
were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced
to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive
such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account
are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the
date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and the Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has
no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors
to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We
have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption
price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that the
Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. the Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to funds outside of the Trust
Account with which to pay any such potential claims. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve
for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by
creditors. 

17 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of
our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our
Sponsor or its affiliate, may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures
set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a
60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata
share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust
Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination
by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate,
is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant
to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption
distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination
by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes or for working capital purposes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 18 th month
and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims
to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary
of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because
we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target
businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective
target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could
be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust
Account is remote. Further, the Sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are
not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the
date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest
withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

18 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our
public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination
by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate,
subject to applicable law, (ii) (a) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended
monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate, or (b) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) our completion
of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those public shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem,
subject to the limitations described in the Prospectus. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any
kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s
voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
we do. Our ability to acquire target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with
our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination
and our outstanding Warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have one executive officer, Mr. J.
Richard Iler who serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Principal Executive Officer. Mr. Iler is not obligated to devote any specific
number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much of his time as he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time Mr. Iler will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not
intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

19 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our Units, Class A Common Stock
and Warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited
and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We have filed a Registration Statement on Form
8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the
rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting
or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our business combination. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have
financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development
of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such acquisition. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real estate or other physical
properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive office at 13575 58th Street North, Suite 200, Clearwater,
Florida 33760. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officer,
adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently a party to any material litigation
or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure
that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Units began to trade on the Nasdaq Global
Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol FRLAU on November 3, 2021. The Class A Common Stock and Warrants comprising the units
began separate trading on Nasdaq on December 27, 2021, under the symbols FRLA and FRLAW, respectively. 

Holders of Record 

At April 12, 2023, there were nine holders of record
of our separately traded Class A Common Stock, one holder of record of our units, and one holder of record of our separately traded Warrants,
and eight holders of record of our Class B Common Stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer
agent and, with respect to the Class B Common Stock, the Company s book entry and does not include beneficial owners of Class A
Common Stock, Units, and separately traded Warrants whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered
clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any,
for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the
foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we
may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

21 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties. 

We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar
business combination with one or more businesses. 

Effective December 22, 2022, Ka Wai Cheung, Koon
Lin Chan, and Koon Keung Chan, our Sponsor, and WODI entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement pursuant to which
they sold to WODI all right, title and interest in and to the membership interests held by each of Messrs, Cheung, Chan, and Chan in the
Sponsor (an aggregate of 100 membership interests) for 400,000. 

In addition, effective December 22, 2022, our
Sponsor entered into a Securities Transfer Agreement with each of US Tiger Securities, Inc. (as designee of Lei Huang), Lei Xu, Yuanmei
Ma, Norman C. Kristoff, David Xianglin Li, Michael Davidov, and Christy Szeto (the Sellers pursuant to which the
Sellers sold to the Sponsor an aggregate of 343,750 shares of Class B Common Stock for the purchase price of 3,506.25. Out of the issued
and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, an aggregate of 100,000 shares remain owned by former management. 

Lastly, on December 22, 2022, each of Koon Keung
Chan, Lei Xu, and US Tiger Securities, Inc. assigned each of their promissory notes issued on November 4, 2022 in the aggregate amount
of 733,750 to the Sponsor. 

We are actively searching and identifying suitable
business combination target and, on January 5, 2023, we signed a non-binding Letter of Intent (the LOI with Water
On Demand, Inc., a Nevada corporation that controls our Sponsor WODI ), under which we propose to acquire all the
outstanding securities of WODI based on certain material financial and business terms and conditions being met. A business combination
will be subject to our due diligence of WODI as well as negotiating a definitive agreement; however, there is no assurance that any definitive
agreement will be reached between WODI and the Company. We are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes
of consummating an initial business combination except that we shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with
its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

We will effectuate our business combination using
cash (subject to potential reduction of the Trust Account by shareholder redemptions) derived from the proceeds of our initial public
offering (the IPO and the sale of Common Stock (the Private Placement Shares in a private placement (the
 Private Placement to the Company s sponsor, Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), additional shares,
debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement that are
held out of the trust account (the Trust Account ), although substantially all the net proceeds are intended to be applied
generally towards consummating a business combination and working capital. 

Since our IPO, our sole business activity has
been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We presently have no revenue and have had losses since inception
from incurring formation and operating costs. We have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from the Sponsor and other parties
to fund our operations. 

22 

Recent Developments 

Termination of the Proposed Business Combination
with VCV Digital Technology 

On April 26, 2022, we entered into an
agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement by and among Sigma Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and its direct, wholly owned subsidiary Sigma Merger Sub ), Gamma Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and its
direct, wholly owned subsidiary Gamma Merger Sub and, together with Sigma Merger Sub, Merger Subs and
each, a Merger Sub ), VCV Power Sigma, Inc., a Delaware corporation Sigma ), VCV Power Gamma, Inc., a
Delaware corporation Gamma , and, together with Sigma, VCV Digital Technology ), and Jerry Tang, in his
capacity as the representative for stockholders of VCV Digital Technology and for certain limited purposes under Section 5.13
thereunder. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, among other things, (i) in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, as amended (the DGCL ), Sigma Merger Sub will merge with and into Sigma, with Sigma surviving the Sigma
Merger as our wholly owned subsidiary, and (ii) in accordance with the DGCL, Gamma Merger Sub will merge with and into Gamma,
with Gamma surviving the Gamma Merger as our wholly owned subsidiary. 

On July 19, 2022, pursuant to Section 11.01(a)
of the Merger Agreement, we and VCV Digital Technology entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement and mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereby may be abandoned, effective immediately.
By virtue of the termination of the Merger Agreement, the associated voting agreements are terminated in accordance with its respective
terms. A copy of the Termination Agreement was previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 20, 2022. 

Extension of the Company s Time to Consummate
its Initial Business Combination 

On November 4, 2022, an aggregate of 977,500
(the First Extension Payment was deposited into the Company s Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing
 0.10 per public share, which enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by
three months from November 5, 2022 to February 5, 2023. The Extension is the first of the two three-month extensions permitted under the
Company s governing documents. In connection with the Extension Payment, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes (the First
Extension Notes) to certain initial stockholders including (i) a note of 413,750 to Mr. Koon Keung Chan, the former manager of the Sponsor
of the Company, (ii) a note of 150,000 to U.S. Tiger Securities, and (iv) a note of 170,000 to Dr. Lei Xu, the former President and
Chairwoman of the Company. The First Extension Notes were later assigned to our Sponsor on December 22, 2022. 

On February 6, 2023, 977,500 (the Second
Extension Payment was deposited into the Trust Account, for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which
enables the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial business combination by three months from February 5,
2023 to May 5, 2023. The Extension is the second and final of the two three-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing
documents. In connection with the Second Extension Payment, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Second Extension
Note , collectively with the First Extension Notes herein referred as the Notes to Water On Demand, Inc., a Nevada
corporation and the entity that controls the Company s Sponsor since December 22, 2022. 

The Notes are non-interest bearing and payable
(subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial business combination
and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company.
The holders of the Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert their Notes, in whole or in part, respectively, into private
shares of the Class A Common Stock (the Conversion Shares of the Company, as described in the prospectus of the Company
(File Number 333-256511). The number of Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in connection with such conversion shall be an
amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders by (y) 10.00. 

23 

Extension of Business Combination Deadline 

On March 3, 2023, our board of directors approved
a stockholder proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend, upon the request of our Sponsor and
approval by our board of directors, the period of time for the Company to (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses, which we refer to as
a business combination, (ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem
or repurchase 100 of the Company s Class A Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public
offering that was consummated on November 5, 2021, up to six times, each by an additional month, for an aggregate of six additional months
(i.e. from May 5, 2023 up to November 5, 2023) (with an amended price per unredeemed share of Class A Common Stock of 0.0625) or such
earlier date as determined by the board of directors. 

On April 10, 2023, at a special meeting of
stockholders, 81.61 of stockholders entitled to vote (including holders of Class A and Class B shares of Common Stock on March 3,
2023) approved the filing of an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the
 Amendment to extend, upon the request of our Sponsor, and approval by our board of directors, the period of
time for the Company to (i) consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses, which we refer to as a business
combination, (ii) cease its operations if it fails to complete such business combination, and (iii) redeem or repurchase
100 of the Company s Class A common stock included as part of the units sold in the Company s initial public offering
that was consummated on November 5, 2021, up to six times, each by an additional month, for an aggregate of six additional months
(i.e. from May 5, 2023 up to November 5, 2023) (with an amended price per unredeemed share of Class A common stock of 0.0625) or
such earlier date as determined by the board of directors. On April 11, 2023, we filed the Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of
State. The stockholder vote to approve the Amendment also triggered a redemption right for the holders of the public shares of Class
A Common Stock. As a result of the Amendment, 4,493,968 shares of Class A Common Stock
elected to be redeemed. 

Results of Operations 

 Our entire activity from inception up to date was
related to the Company s formation, the IPO and general and administrative activities. Since the IPO, our activity has been limited
to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion
of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of dividend income earned on investments held in the
Trust Account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 47,609 which consisted of dividend earned on investment held in Trust Account of 1,466,677, offset by formation and operating
costs of 959,457, franchise tax expenses of 199,759 and income tax provision of 355,070. 

For the period from February 1, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 132,164, consisting of 1,310 of dividend income earned on investments held in the Trust
Account, offset by 97,513 of operating costs, consisting mostly of general and administrative expenses and 35,961 franchise tax expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating
activities was 689,068. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside the Trust Account of 172,314 available for working capital needs.
All remaining cash is held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination, and
is restricted for use either in a Business Combination or to redeem the public shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, none of
the amount on deposit in the Trust Account was available to be withdrawn as described above except for tax payments. 

Until consummation of the business combination, we
will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional funding that may be loaned to us by our Sponsor, for identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business
combination. 

24 

If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth
due diligence and negotiating business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds
available to operate its business prior to the business combination and will need to raise additional capital. In this event, our officers,
directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us upon consummation of the business combination,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post business combination entity
at a price of 10.00 per unit. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
The terms of such loans by our initial stockholders, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. 

Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares
upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with
such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s
plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the Promissory Notes related parties and the Working Capital Loans. In addition,
if the Company is unable to complete a business combination within the Combination Period by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon
approval of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate, the Company s board of directors
would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s
plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that
such additional condition also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not participate in transactions that
create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would
have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we do not have
any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, we have 50,000 and 0, respectively, payable due to a related party. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have 733,750 and
 0, respectively, promissory notes issued to a related party. 

We are obligated to pay the
underwriters a deferred underwriters discount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO and the underwriters full exercise
of the over-allotment. The deferred underwriters discount of 3,421,250 will become payable to the US Tiger Securities and EF Hutton,
a division of Benchmark Investment LLC, two representatives of the several underwriters of the IPO (each, a Representative ),
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination. 

25 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Investments held in Trust Account 

As of December 31, 2022, 101,942,526 of
the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, and consisted of U.S. Treasury securities carried at fair value. 

Gains and losses resulting from the change in
fair value of investments held in Trust Account are accounted as dividend income in the accompanying statement of operations. Dividend
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 amounted to 1,466,677
and 1,310, respectively. 

Warrants 

We account for warrants as either equity-classified
or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance
in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC
480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding
financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, whether they meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants
meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own Common Stock
and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For issued or modified warrants that meet all
of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time of issuance.
For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded
as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair
value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

The Company accounted for the 4,887,500 Warrants
issued with the Initial Public Offering as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity 
and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . 

26 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption 

We account for our Class A Common Stock,
 0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance
in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common Stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified
as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A Common Stock (including Class A Common
Stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A Common Stock are
classified as stockholders equity. Our public shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our
control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Class A Common
Stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value of 10.39 and 10.20, respectively, per share as temporary
equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A Common Stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of shares of redeemable Class A Common Stock are affected by charges
against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC Topic 820 Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures defines fair value, the methods used to measure fair value and the expanded disclosures
about fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between the buyer and the seller at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the valuation techniques consistent with
the market approach, income approach and cost approach shall be used to measure fair value. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
for inputs, which represent the assumptions used by the buyer and seller in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs are further defined
as observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are those that buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability based
on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs reflect our assumptions about the inputs that the buyer and
seller would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. 

The fair value hierarchy is
categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

Level 1 - Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that we have the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are
based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant
degree of judgment. 

Level 2 - Valuations based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities,
(ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for
the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other
means. 

Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value
measurement. 

The fair value of our assets and liabilities,
which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying
amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes
under ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the
expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax
benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established
when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

27 

ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those
benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740
also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. 

We recognize accrued interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We are currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals
or material deviation from its position. 

We have identified the United
States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

We may be subject to potential
examination by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws.
Our management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable
shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable Common Stock and non-redeemable Common Stock
and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends paid. We then allocated the undistributed
income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable Common Stock.
Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the Common Stock subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends
paid to the public stockholders. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
 Debt Debt Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) . The amendment in this Update is to address issues identified as a result of the complexity associated
with applying generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and
equity. For convertible instruments, the Board decided to reduce the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and
convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately recognized
from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models are (1) those
with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition of a derivative,
and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt instruments issued with substantial
premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities
that meet the definition of a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filer, excluding entities eligible to be smaller reporting companies
as defined by the SEC, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For
all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Board specified that an entity should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of its annual fiscal
year. The Company has not early adopted this update and it will become effective on January 1, 2024 as the Company is qualified as an
emerging growth company. The Company believes the adoption of this ASU would not have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

28 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The financial statements and supplementary data
required by this item are included following the signature page of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Financial Officer who also serves as our principal executive officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Financial Officer who also serves as our principal executive officer
has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
 necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

29 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 J. Richard Iler 

70 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Ronald J. Pollack 

65 

Director and Chairman 
 
 Ryan Spick 

45 

Director 
 
 Philip Goodman 

85 

Director 

Below is a summary of the business experience of each of our executive
officers and directors: 

J. Richard Iler 

J. Richard (Rick) Iler
has spent his professional career in the capital markets working in positions as corporate finance, chief financial officer of both public
and private companies, and institutional corporate bond salesman with leading wall street firms, e.g., BearStearns, Prudential, Kidder
Peabody and Smith Barney. 

His operational experience
began working for an heir, (Shelton Ranch Corporation) of the legendary King Ranch working in budgeting, cash management and financing
activities. He worked with prominent joint ventures administering operating results with such notable companies as Shell, Prudential,
Gulf Western, and the Pritzker family. He has overseen financial reporting to regulatory agencies for numerous microcap public companies
as chief financial officer where his duties evolved around facilitating various financings. 

His treasury experience
with SavingsBank, a Texas savings bank, entailed chairing the asset/liability and investment committees, where he managed a several hundred
million dollar mortgage bond arbitrage guiding it through a period of an inverted yield curve returning an annualized 25 internal rate
of return. His experience entailed substantial hedging experience with exchanged traded derivatives. 

Throughout his career,
he has been part of various investment classes of stock, debt and off balance sheet instruments in the aggregate eclipsing several hundred
million in equities and debt. He has been part of high net worth, venture capital firms and leading investment banking concerns. 

He has a B.S. from Grand
Valley State University and attended South Texas College of Law completing nearly two of the three-year JD program. 

From 2018 to present,
he has been self-employed as an independent consultant for various public companies. 

Ronald
J. Pollack 

 Ronald Pollack is an experienced
financial professional, angel investor and board member. He current serves on the Board of Directors of Ronati (eCommerce software, private)
and Venocare (medical devices, private) and, until recently, the Advisory Board of CISO Global (cyber security managed services, NASDAQ:
CISO). Mr. Pollack previously served on the Board of Directors of TiE Tampa (a global entrepreneurship organization) and co-chair of its
Florida angel network. He was a founding investor and served as Chairman of the Board of Telepathy Labs (artificial intelligence, private)
from inception through Series Seed. He is expert in finance and investing, having built a successful hedge fund business across multiple
strategies and industry sectors. Mr. Pollack was Founder and Managing Partner of Bulldog Capital Management, a 1+ billion family of investment
funds with a special focus on technology, including early-stage venture investments such as Digital Lightwave (fiber optic data networking,
exited via IPO), Inktomi (search engine, exited via IPO), Lynx Therapeutics (DNA sequencing, exited via acquisition, now part of Illumina),
Radiant Logic (identity data unification, exited via sale to TA Associates) and Vendio (e-commerce, exited via acquisition by Alibaba). 

31 

Mr. Pollack started his
career as an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, followed by Drexel Burnham Lambert. He holds an MBA from Harvard Business School; a JD
from Harvard Law School; and a Bachelor of Arts, Magna Cum Laude with Distinction in Economics Political Science, from Yale University. 

Mr. Pollack was appointed
as a director due to his background in corporate finance. 

Ryan
Spick 

Ryan Spick works with
business owners to scale up their companies through analysis and targeted improvements. His proven expertise ranges from determining target
audience, market research, branding, developing budgets, estimates, scopes of work to client relations, as well as implementing back-office
functions and coordinating with trades. With an extensive background in institutional and commercial construction, Mr. Spick specializes
today in planning, strategizing, and managing sophisticated real estate projects from start to finish. He attended the British Columbia
Institute of Technology and began his business career in Canada. Mr. Spick is now based in Arizona and is passionate about mountain sports.
In 2007, Mr. Spick founded The Dream Builder Group, a personal and business development company helping individuals and professionals
to accomplish their ideal lifestyle and optimal success. 

Mr. Spick was appointed
as a director due to his background in market research and due diligence. 

Our directors and officers will play a key role
in identifying, evaluating, and selecting target businesses, and structuring, negotiating and consummating our initial acquisition transaction.
Except as described below and under Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts
of Interest , none of these individuals is currently a principal of or affiliated with a public company or blank check company
that executed a business plan similar to our business plan. We believe that the skills and experience of these individuals, their collective
access to acquisition opportunities and ideas, their contacts, and their transaction expertise should enable them to identify successfully
and effect an acquisition transaction, although we cannot assure you that they will, in fact, be able to do so. 

Philip
Goodman 

Philip Goodman has been
an officer or director of both public and private companies since 1973, when he became Vice President, Sales and Marketing of Digital
Computer Controls (OTC). He was a cofounder and Chairman of the Board of FastComm Communications (OTC) until 1984. He co-founded Control
Transaction Corporation, a company that was sold to GEAC; at that time GEAC was a 600 million conglomerate. Mr. Goodman served as VP
of Sales and Marketing and member of the Board of Directors. 

Mr. Goodman was a co-founder
of Ardent Acquisition, an early SPAC. He was a member of the board, as well as a member of the audit committee. Ardent was a financial
success with its merger into AvantAir. 

Mr. Goodman has broad
experience in creating, evaluating, restructuring and growing high technology and life science start-ups, turnarounds and established
companies. 

Most recently Mr. Goodman
was a member of the Board of Directors and Chief Operating Officer, on a contract basis, of Oxford Biomedical Technologies. Sales and
profits at Oxford more than doubled on his watch. 

32 

Mr. Goodman received
an AA degree in the renowned 14 comps from the University of Chicago.
He earned a BA from Miami University of Ohio in Anthropology, having studied Meta Linguistics. At Miami he was honored with membership
in Phi Beta Kappa. He then studied engineering at Case Institute of Technology 

Mr. Goodman was appointed
as a director due to his experience with public companies. 

Our directors are appointed
for the remainder of the full term of the class of director to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and
until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification or removal. Our officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are duly elected
and qualified by our Board or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal from office. 

There are
no family relationships between or among our directors and executive officers. 

Director Independence 

NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent as long as we are not a controlled company. An independent director is defined
under the Nasdaq rules generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual
having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs.
Pollack, Spick, and Goodman is an independent director as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules.
Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Audit Committee 

Since our IPO, we have an audit committee of the
board of directors. Messrs. Pollack, Spick, and Goodman serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Pollack serves as chairman of the
audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee
all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Pollack, Spick, and Goodman are independent. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Pollack qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

33 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory, or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

Since our IPO, we have a compensation committee
of the board of directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Pollack, Spick, and Goodman. Mr. Spick serves as chairman
of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation
committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives, and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation in executive session at which the Chief Executive Officer is not present; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments, and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The current charter of the Compensation Committee
also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain, or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel, or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. Before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel, or any other adviser, however, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

34 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee.
In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq Rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection
by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility
of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. As there is no standing
nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate
a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern
all aspects of our business. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware
law, none of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination
of which they become aware. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming
involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing
our initial business combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors or officers, in their other endeavors, may choose
to present potential business combinations to third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Delaware law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete
on a reasonable basis. 

Although we do not believe any conflict currently
exists between us and our founders, affiliates of our founders or an officer or director may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
If such entities decide to pursue an opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunity. In addition, investment ideas generated
within our founders may be suitable for both us and for an affiliate of founders and may be directed to such entity rather than to us.
Neither our founders nor members of our management team will have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business
combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member specifically in his or her capacity as an officer or director
of the Company. 

35 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of
our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity
to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers arising in the future
would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

 Our officers or directors may become an officer or
director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act even before we
enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination
by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate. 

Our founders, officers or directors may also purchase
public units or shares during or after the IPO, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

Our officers may become an officer or director of any other SPACs even before we enter into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension
deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate, and, as a result, our officers or directors may present a potential target to our competitor that would had been presented to us or devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our founders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
 to any founder shares, Private Placement Shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our
 initial business combination. Additionally, our founders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
 shares and Private Placement Shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension
deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate. If we do
 not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement
 Shares held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the Private Placement Shares will be
 worthless. With certain limited exceptions, 50 of founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our founders until the
 earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or (B) the
 date on which the closing price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits,
 share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after
 our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until
 six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent
 to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
 which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. With
 certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Shares, the working capital shares that may be issued upon conversion of working
 capital loans, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the
 completion of our initial business combination. Since our initial stockholders may directly or indirectly own founder shares,
 Private Placement Shares, and representative shares following the IPO, our initial stockholders may have a conflict of interest in
 determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial business
 combination. 

36 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our initial stockholders may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our founders or any of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital shares at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Such working capital shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares sold in the Private Placement. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce
our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person
solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that
opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any affiliate, subject to certain approvals and consents. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that
such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares, Private Placement Shares
and representative shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination
and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial
business combination. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a
registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than
10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, except for late Form 4s filed by Lei Xu, Yuanmei Ma, Michael Davidov,
Norman Kristoff, David Xianglin Li, and Lei Huang and a Form 4 that should have been filed by Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC which has not yet
been filed, we believe that, during 2022, our directors, executive officers, and ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a)
filing requirements. 

37 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any employment agreements
with our executive officers, and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the annual compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the following named executive officers for all services rendered in all capacities
to our Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and principal position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Total ) 

J. Richard Iler, 
Chief Financial Officer and Principal Executive Officer (1) 

2022 
 2021 

50,000 (2) 
 0 

0 
 0 

50,000 
 0 

Lei Huang, 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

Former Chief Executive Officer (3) 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

_______________ 

(1) Effective December 1, 2022, Mr. Iler entered into a Consulting Agreement with the Company and OriginClear,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (on behalf of Water On Demand, Inc.) pursuant to which Mr. Iler received an initial payment of 50,000 and
is to receive separate payments of 25,000 monthly from January through April 2023. The term of the agreement is for six months starting
from the effective date, unless earlier terminated. The agreement may be extended upon agreement by both parties, unless or until the
agreement is terminated. Either party may cancel the agreement upon ten days written notice in the event either party violates any material
provision of the agreement and fails to cure such violation within ten days of written notification of such violation from the other party. 

(2) 25,000 was a prepayment for services to be performed in May 2023. 

(3) Effective December 22, 2022, Mr. Huang resigned from all positions within the Company and J. Richard Iler
was appointed as CFO and Principal Executive Officer. 

38 

Director Compensation 

Name 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Total ) 

Ronald J. Pollack 

2022 

2,903 
 (1) 

2,903 

Ryan Spick 

2022 

2,903 
 (1) 

2,903 

Lei Huang 

2022 

0 

0 

Lei Xu 

2022 

0 

0 

David Xianglin Li 

2022 

0 

0 

Michael Davidov 

2022 

0 

0 

Norman C. Kristoff 

2022 

0 

0 

(1) In 2023, the Board retroactively approved monthly compensation for all directors in the amount of 10,000
and an additional 10,000 for service as Chairman of the Board. Due to the fact that board approval for the compensation did not occur
until 2023, as of December 31, 2022, these amounts had not accrued and were unpaid. 

In addition to the compensation above, our officers,
directors or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the
board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

Following a business combination, to the extent
we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of the date of this annual report, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the shares of our outstanding Common Stock; 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all of our officers and directors as a group. 

39 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the Warrants included in the Units sold in the IPO as these Warrants
are not exercisable until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, or 12 months from the closing
of the IPO. As of the April 12, 2023, there were 12,884,250 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, including 10,440,500 
shares Class A Common Stock and 2,443,750 shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 J. Richard Iler 

Ronald Pollack 

Ryan Spick 

Phil Goodman 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 individuals) (4) 

Over 5 Stockholders: 

Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC (2)(3) 
 2,343,750 
 18.19 
 
 Water On Demand, Inc. (2)(3) 
 2,343,750 
 18.19 
 
 Karpus Investment Management 183 Sully's Trail Pittsford, New York 14534 
 817,099 
 6.34 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 405 Lexington Avenue 58th Floor New York, New York 10174 
 782,708 
 6.07 
 
 Periscope Capital Inc. (5) 333 Bay Street Suite 1240 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2 
 654,513 
 5.08 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. 16 York Street Suite 2900 Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6 
 857,715 
 6.66 

less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, 13575 58th Street North, Suite 200, Clearwater, Florida 33760. 
 
 (2) 
 The Sponsor is the record holder of 2,343,750 Class B Shares of Common Stock reported herein. Water On Demand, Inc. is the owner of all of the equity interests of the Sponsor. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 2,343,750 Class B shares of Common Stock. 
 
 (4) 
 Information shown is based solely on information reported by the filer on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, in which Saba Capital Management, L.P. reported that it and its related entities have shared voting and dispositive power over 782,708 shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 (5) 
 Information shown is based solely on information reported by the filer on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, in which Periscope Capital Inc. reported that it and its related entities have shared voting and dispositive power over 654,513 shares of Class A Common Stock. 

40 

The founder shares, Private Placement Shares,
representative shares and working capital shares are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter
agreement with us entered into by our initial stockholders. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable
or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, 50 of founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier to
occur of: (a) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or (b) the date on which the closing
price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and
recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the
remaining 50 of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our
initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent
liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Shares, until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination, except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of
our officers or directors, any affiliate of our founders, any members of our founders, or any of their affiliates, officers, directors,
direct and indirect equity holders, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family,
to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable
organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the
case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the
consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the
event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or our
founders limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our founders, provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a)
through (e), or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. 

In order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of the IPO, our Sponsor, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each working capital loan would be evidenced
by a promissory note. The working capital notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest,
or, at holder s discretion, up to 3,000,000 of the notes may be converted to shares of Class A Common Stock, or working capital
shares, at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The working capital shares would be identical to the Private Placement
Shares. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

41 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder and Private Placement Shares 

On February 18, 2021, the Sponsor acquired 2,443,750
shares of Common Stock for a purchase price of 25,000. On March 2, 2021, we adopted first amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to divide our Common Stock into Class A common Stock and Class B Common Stock without changing the total number of the authorized shares
of Common Stock. Accordingly, we cancelled and forfeited 2,443,750 shares of our Common Stock but issued 2,443,750 shares of Class B Common
Stock (the Class B Common Stock ), or founder shares, to the Sponsor. Prior to the initial investment in the Company
of 25,000 by the Sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 2,443,750
founder shares issued and outstanding. The aggregate capital contribution was 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. 

The number of founder shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the IPO (excluding
the sale of the Privates Placement Shares and issuance of representative shares and assuming our founders do not purchase public shares
in the IPO). The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company
by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. 

The Sponsor transferred an aggregated amount of
443,750 shares of Class B Common Stock to former officers, directors, secretary and their designees at the same price originally paid
for such shares prior to the closing of the IPO. As a result of such transfers, US Tiger Securities, Inc., a Representative of the underwriters
of the IPO, as the designee of Mr. Lei Huang, acquired 122,000 founder shares at the same price originally paid for such shares. 

The holders of the founder shares have agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell 50 of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the date of the consummation
of the Company s initial business combination, or (B) the date on which the closing price of the Company s Class A Common
Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Company s initial business combination and the remaining 50 
of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s
initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Company s initial business combination, the Company
consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On November 5, 2021, the Company completed the
private sale of 505,500 shares of Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor, at a purchase price of 10.00 per share, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of 5,055,000. The Private Placement Shares are identical to the shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units
in the IPO, except that the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain
permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination. 

Effective December 22, 2022, Ka Wai Cheung, Koon
Lin Chan, and Koon Keung Chan, our Sponsor, and WODI entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement pursuant to which
they sold to WODI all right, title and interest in and to the membership interests held by each of Messrs, Cheung, Chan, and Chan in
the Sponsor (an aggregate of 100 membership interests) for 400,000. 

In addition, effective December 22, 2022, our
Sponsor entered into a Securities Transfer Agreement with each of US Tiger Securities, Inc. (as designee of Lei Huang), Lei Xu, Yuanmei
Ma, Norman C. Kristoff, David Xianglin Li, Michael Davidov, and Christy Szeto (the Sellers pursuant to which the
Sellers sold to the Sponsor an aggregate of 343,750 shares of Class B Common Stock for the purchase price of 3,506.25. Out of the issued
and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, an aggregate of 100,000 shares remain owned by former management. 

42 

Lastly, on December 22, 2022, each of Koon Keung
Chan, Lei Xu, and US Tiger Securities, Inc. assigned each of their promissory notes issued on November 4, 2022 in the aggregate amount
of 733,750 to the Sponsor. 

Representative Shares 

 We issued 120,000 representative shares to two Representatives
without any consideration as part of the IPO compensation. The representative shares are identical to the public shares except that the
representatives have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such representative shares until the completion of our initial business
combination. The representative shares are deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days
immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In addition, the representatives
have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination by May 5, 2023, unless extended monthly upon approval of our board of directors and extension
deposits made by our Sponsor or its affiliate. 

Prepaid Expenses Related Party 

Effective December 1, 2022 (the Effective
Date ), Mr. J Richard Iler, the Company s Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer,
entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with the Company and OriginClear, Inc. (OriginClear), a Nevada corporation
and the parent company of the Sponsor pursuant to which Mr. Iler received an initial payment of 50,000 and is to receive separate payments
of 25,000 monthly from January through April 2023. The term of the Agreement is for six months starting from the Effective Date, unless
earlier terminated. The Agreement may be extended upon agreement by both parties, unless or until the Agreement is terminated. Either
party may cancel this Agreement upon ten days written notice in the event either party violates any material provision of the Agreement
and fails to cure such violation within ten days of written notification of such violation from the other party. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company prepaid to Mr. Iler under the Agreement amounted to 25,000. 

Due to a Related Party 

In December 2022, OriginClear Inc., the parent
company of the Sponsor, advanced 50,000 to the Company for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, balance due to OriginClear
Inc. amounted to 50,000. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On February 10, 2021, the Sponsor has agreed to
loan us up to 500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at
the earlier of (1) August 10, 2021, extended to February 1, 2022 or (2) the closing of the IPO. Prior to the closing of the IPO, we had
an outstanding loan balance of 235,000. The outstanding balance under the promissory note was repaid on November 6, 2021. 

Related Party (Working Capital) Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete the initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital shares, at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender.
Such working capital shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. In the event that the initial business combination does
not close we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings
under the working capital loans; however, on March 9, 2023, we issued a promissory note to WODI in the principal amount of 75,000. 

43 

Promissory Notes Issued Pursuant to Extensions 

We originally had until November 5, 2022 to consummate
our initial business combination; however, on November 4, 2022, an aggregate of 977,500 (the First Extension Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which enabled us to extend the
period of time we had to consummate our initial business combination by three months from November 5, 2022 to February 5, 2023 (the
 First Extension ). The First Extension was the first of the two three-month extensions permitted under our governing
documents. In connection with the First Extension Payment, we issued unsecured promissory notes (the First Extension Notes to certain initial stockholders including (i) a note of 413,750 to Mr. Koon Keung Chan, the former manager of our Sponsor,
(ii) a note of 150,000 to US Tiger, and (iv) a note of 170,000 to Dr. Lei Xu, the former President and Chairwoman of
the Company. 

The First Extension Notes are non-interest bearing
and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial business combination and
(ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the Company.
The holders of the First Extension Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert their First Extension Notes, in whole or in
part, respectively, into private shares of the Class A Common Stock (the First Extension Conversion Shares of the
Company, as described in the Prospectus. The number of First Extension Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in connection with
such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders
by (y) 10.00. The First Extension Notes were later assigned to our Sponsor on December 22, 2022. 

In addition, on February 6, 2023, 977,500 (the
 Second Extension Payment was deposited into our Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per
public share, which enables us to extend the period of time we have to consummate our initial business combination by three months from
February 5, 2023 to May 5, 2023 (the Second Extension ). The Second Extension is the second and final of the two three-month
extensions permitted under our governing documents. In connection with the Second Extension Payment, we issued an unsecured promissory
note (the Second Extension Note to WODI. 

The Second Extension Note is non-interest bearing
and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of our initial business combination
and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election of the
Company. The holder of the Second Extension Note has the right, but not the obligation, to convert its Second Extension Note, in whole
or in part, into private shares of the Class A Common Stock (the Second Extension Conversion Shares of the
Company, as described in the Prospectus. The number of Second Extension Conversion Shares to be received by the holders in connection
with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable to such holders
by (y) 10.00. 

RELATED PARTY POLICY 

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the
review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved
or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us
to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or
the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest
situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness)
involving the company. 

In addition, our audit committee is responsible
for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority
of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related
party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous
written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require
each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. 

44 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our founders, officers or
directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which
is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. Furthermore, other than as set forth elsewhere in the Prospectus, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will
be made to our founders, existing officers, directors or advisors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or
in connection with the completion of our initial business combination although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers
or advisors we may hire subsequent to the IPO to be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition,
the following payments will be made to our founders or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of the IPO held
in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our founders or an affiliate of our founders to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital shares, at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Such working capital shares are identical to the Private Placement Shares sold in the Private Placement. 

Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our founders or their affiliates. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public Accounting Fees 

The following chart sets forth public accounting fees in connection
with services rendered by Friedman LLP and Marcum LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2021 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 61,000 
 70,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Audit fees were for professional services rendered
by Friedman LLP (prior to Friedman LLP combining with Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022) and Marcum LLP for the audits of our annual
financial statements, and services that are normally provided by Friedman LLP and Marcum LLP in connection with statutory and review of
the financial information included in our Quarterly Reports Form 10-Q or engagements for those fiscal years, including services rendered
in connection with our IPO. 

Pre-Approval of Services 

Because our audit committee was not formed until
November 2, 2021, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation
of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation of the audit committee have been
approved by the audit committee. 

45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements: 

The following financial statements are filed with
this Annual Report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID: 688) 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm Friedman LLP (PCAOB ID: 711) 

Balance Sheets at December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Statements of Operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Financial Statements 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, among the Registrant, US Tiger Securities, Inc., and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 5, 2021) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and among Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, Sigma Merger Sub Inc., Gamma Merger Sub Inc., VCV Power Sigma, Inc., VCV Power Gamma, Inc., and Yuan (Jerry) Tang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, by and among Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, VCV Power Sigma, Inc., and VCV Power Gamma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 19, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 5, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
filed April 11, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange
Commission on April 13, 2023) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on May 26, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 2, 2021) 

46 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 2, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 2, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated November 2, 2021, among the Company and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Account Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as
 trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, among the Registrant, certain security holders (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 8,
 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private
 Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, between the Company and the Underwriters (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity
 Agreements, dated November 2, 2021, between the Company and each of its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 8, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, between the Company and the Sponsor dated February 18, 2021, including amendment dated March 1, 2021 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on November 2, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated February 10, 2021, issued to the Sponsor, as extended to the earlier of February 1, 2022, or the closing of the IPO 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on November 2, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Voting
 Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and among Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, VCV Power Sigma, Inc., VCV Power Gamma,
 Inc. and certain initial stockholders of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Voting
 Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and among Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation, VCV Power Sigma, Inc., VCV Power Gamma,
 Inc. and certain stockholders of VCV Power Sigma, Inc. and VCV Power Gamma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated November 4, 2022, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Koon Keung Chan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 4, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated November 4, 2022, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to U.S. Tiger Securities, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 4, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated November 4, 2022, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Dr. Lei Xu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 4, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated February 6, 2023, issued by Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation to Water On Demand, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 7, 2023) 

47 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the
 Securities Exchange Commission on May 26, 2021) 

16.1 
 
 Letter
 from Friedman LLP regarding the change in the Registrant s certifying accountant, dated October 14, 2022 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14,
 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit
 Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed
 with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 26, 2021) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation
 Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Amendment No.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed
 with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 26, 2021) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Investor
 Presentation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange
 Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear
 in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 __________________ 

 Filed with this Report. 

 These certifications
are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and are deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
under the Securities Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Dated: April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ J. Richard Iler 

Name: 
 J. Richard Iler 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ J. Richard Iler 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 J. Richard Iler 

/s/ Ronald J. Pollack 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Ronald J. Pollack 

/s/ Ryan Spick 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Ryan Spick 

/ s/ Philip Goodman 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Philip Goodman 

49 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum LLP, PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Friedman LP, PCAOB ID 711) 
 
 F-3 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 - F-25 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s
business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December
31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from
the issuance date of the financial. If the Company does not complete a business combination by May 5, 2023, unless further extended, it will be required to cease
all operations, except for the purpose of winding up. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audi t we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 (such date takes
into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

April 13, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the period from February 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statement ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the period from February 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion 

/s/Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2021
through 2022. 

New York, NY 

 March 25, 2022 

F- 3 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION
CORPORATION 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid expenses - related party 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to a related party 

Promissory notes - related party 

Income taxes payable 

Franchise taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriters' discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, shares at conversion value of and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A Common Stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 9,775,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period 

For the 
 from February 1, 2021 

Year Ended 
 (inception) through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income: 

Dividend earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common Stock attributable to Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Common Stock attributable to Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of February 1, 2021 (inception) 

Founder shares issued to initial stockholders 

Sale of public units through public offering 

Sale of private placement shares 

Issuance of representative shares 

Underwriters' discount 

Other offering expenses 

Reclassification of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to
 common stock subject to possible redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period 

from 
February 1, 2021 

For the 
Year Ended 
 (inception) 
 through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Dividend earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Deferred tax expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid expenses - related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investments held in Trust Account 

Withdraw of investments held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Sponsor 

Return of proceeds from issuance of Common Stock to the Sponsor 

Proceeds from issuance of shares of Common Stock to initial stockholders 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement shares 

Payment of underwriters' discount 

Payment of offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory notes to related parties 

Repayment on promissory note to related party 

Advances from a related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash at beginning of the year 

Cash at end of the year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Deferred underwriters' marketing fees 

Change in value of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

FORTUNE RISE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (including 1,275,000 units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ). Each
Public Unit consists of , 
par value per share (the Class A Common Stock ), and (the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share
of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 
per share. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 
on November 5, 2021. 

Substantially concurrently
with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of 
shares of Class A Common Stock (the Private Placement Shares including 
shares to the Company s sponsor, Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and 
shares to U.S. Tiger Securities, Inc. U.S. Tiger Securities ), and EF Hutton, a division of Benchmark Investment LLC,
two representatives of the several underwriters (each, a Representative ), at a purchase price of 
per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .
The Private Placement Shares are identical to the shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO, except that
the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain permitted
transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

Transaction costs amounted
to , consisting of 
 of underwriting fees (including 
of deferred underwriting fees) and 
of other offering costs. 

The Company also issued shares
of Class A Common Stock (the Representative Shares to two Representatives as part of representative
compensation. The Representative Shares are identical to the public shares except that the representatives have agreed not to
transfer, assign or sell any such representative shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination.
The Representative Shares are deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days
immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In addition, the
representatives have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account (as defined below) with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination by May 5,
2023 (extended from November 5, 2022), unless extended to November 5, 2023 by a vote of stockholders. 

Following the closing of
the IPO and the issuance and the sale of Private Placement Shares on November 5, 2021, 10.20
per Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Shares was
placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Wilmington Trust, National Association as a trustee and
invested the proceeds in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as determined by the Company, until the earlier
of: (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in
connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify
the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or
to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if it does not complete the initial Business Combination by May 5, 2023
(extended from November 5, 2022), unless extended to November 5, 2023 by a vote of stockholders or (ii) with respect to
any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (c) the redemption
of the Company s public shares if it is unable to complete the Business Combination by May 5, 2023 (extended from November 5,
2022), unless extended to November 5, 2023 by a vote of stockholders, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust
Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of
the Company s public stockholders. 

The Company s initial
Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of
the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting fee and taxes payable and interest previously released for working
capital purposes on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination.
However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

The shares of Class A Common Stock
subject to redemption was recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
 5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued
and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have until May 5, 2023 (extended from
November 5, 2022), unless extended monthly to November 5, 2023 by approval of our board of directors and payment of the extension by
our Sponsor, or its affiliates, to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the
Company for working capital purposes or to pay the Company s taxes (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to
applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
Company s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the
Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire
worthless if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the 18-month time period. The founders have entered into
a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to
any Founder Shares (defined below), Private Placement Shares, and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion
of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement
Shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in
connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if the Company does not
complete its initial Business Combination by May 5, 2023 (extended from November 5, 2022), unless extended monthly to November 5,
2023 by approval of our board of directors and payment of the extension by our Sponsor, or its affiliates, or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company
fails to complete the initial Business Combination by May 5, 2023 (extended from November 5, 2022), unless extended monthly to November 5, 2023 by approval of our board of
directors and payment of the extension by our Sponsor, or its affiliates, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.
If the Company submits it initial Business Combination to its stockholders for a vote, the Company will complete its initial
Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial Business
Combination. In no event will the Company redeem its public shares of Class A Common Stock in an amount that would cause its
net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of public shares of
Class A Common Stock and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

The Sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or by a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of
any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Company s Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third party claims. 

Termination of Prior Proposed Business Combination 

On April 26, 2022, the Company entered into an
agreement and plan of merger (the Merger Agreement by and among Sigma Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and its direct,
wholly owned subsidiary Sigma Merger Sub ), Gamma Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and its direct, wholly owned subsidiary Gamma Merger Sub and, together with Sigma Merger Sub, Merger Subs and each, a Merger Sub ),
VCV Power Sigma, Inc., a Delaware corporation Sigma ), VCV Power Gamma, Inc., a Delaware corporation Gamma ,
and, together with Sigma, VCV Digital Technology ), and Jerry Tang, in his capacity as the representative for stockholders
of VCV Digital Technology and for certain limited purposes under Section 5.13 thereunder. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, among other
things, (i) in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended (the DGCL ), Sigma Merger
Sub will merge with and into Sigma, with Sigma surviving the Sigma Merger as our wholly owned subsidiary, and (ii) in accordance with
the DGCL, Gamma Merger Sub will merge with and into Gamma, with Gamma surviving the Gamma Merger as its wholly owned subsidiary. 

On July 19, 2022, pursuant to Section 11.01(a)
of the Merger Agreement, the Company and VCV Digital Technology entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement and mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereby may be abandoned, effective immediately. 

Change of Sponsor 

On December 22, 2022, Water On Demand, Inc. WODI ),
entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Ka Wai Cheung, Koon Lin
Chan, and Koon Keung Chan (each a Seller , and collectively, the Sellers and the Sponsor, pursuant to which
WODI purchased 100 membership interests in the Sponsor (the Purchased Interests from the Sellers, which constitutes 100 
of the membership interests in the Sponsor. The Sponsor holds 2,343,750 shares out of 2,443,750 shares of the issued and outstanding shares
of Class B Common Stock of the Company. 

Non-binding Letter of Intent of the Proposed
Business Combination 

On January 5, 2023, the Company filed a press
release which announced the signing of a non-binding Letter of Intent with WODI under which the Company proposes to acquire all the outstanding
securities of WODI, based on certain material financial and business terms and conditions being met. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 
 in cash held outside its Trust Account available for the Company s payment of expenses related to working capital purposes
and a working deficit of .
The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to
incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. Accordingly, the Company may not be able
to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures
to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is
through the Promissory Notes related parties and the Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 6). In addition, if the
Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period by May 5, 2023 (extended from November 5, 2022), unless extended monthly to November 5, 2023 by approval of our board of
directors and payment of the extension by our Sponsor, or its affiliates, the Company s board of directors would trigger an automatic winding up,
dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and thereby a formal
dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful
within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S.
federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain
U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on
the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock
repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury
(the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or
avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination,
extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax
in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market
value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a
Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination
(or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination)
and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the
Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing
could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete
a Business Combination. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the
Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.
This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

t
have any cash equivalents. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, and consisted of U.S. Treasury securities carried at fair
value. 

Gains and losses resulting from the change in
fair value of investments held in Trust Account are accounted as dividend income in the accompanying statement of operations. Dividend
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 amounted to 
and , respectively. 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders 
deficit upon the completion of the IPO. 

million and million , respectively,
was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. 

The fair value hierarchy is
categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

Level 1 Valuations based on unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments
and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an
active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 
 
 Level 2 Valuations based on (i) quoted
prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar
assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from
or corroborated by market through correlation or other means. 
 
 Level 3 Valuations based on inputs
that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The fair value of the
Company s current assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due
to their short-term nature. 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts
accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that
could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

The Company has identified the
United States as its only major tax jurisdiction. 

The Company may be subject
to potential examination by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include
questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and
state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change
over the next twelve months. 

shares in the calculation
of diluted net income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the
inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that
could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income
(loss) per share is the same as basic (income) loss per share for the period presented. 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

and ,
respectively, in money market funds which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. 

The following table presents
information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and indicates
the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

Units at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public Unit consists
of one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. The Company will not issue fractional
shares upon the exercise of warrants. As a result, the warrants must be exercised in multiples of one whole warrant. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, and
only whole warrants are exercisable. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

All of the 9,775,000
public shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such
public shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with
certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the
Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the
control of the Company require Class A Common Stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

The Company s redeemable
Class A Common Stock is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in
ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes
in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will
become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The
Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction
to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Class A Common Stock reflected on the balance sheets are reconciled in the following table. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Offering costs of public shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

Private Placement Shares including shares to the Sponsor
and shares to two Representatives, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds to the
Company of . The Private Placement Shares are identical to the shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units
in the IPO, except that the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain
permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

shares of common stock for a purchase price of .
On March 2, 2021, the Company adopted first and amended certificate of incorporation to divide its common stock into
Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock without changing the total amount of the authorized capital of common stock.
As a result, the Company forfeited 2,443,750
shares of common stock and issued 2,443,750
shares (the Founder Shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001
per share Class B Common Stock to the Sponsor. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding. The aggregate capital contribution was 25,000, or approximately 0.01
per share. 

The number of Founder Shares
issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion
of the IPO (excluding the sale of Private Placement Shares and issuance of the Representative Shares). 

In November 2021, the Sponsor has
transferred an aggregated amount of 443,750 Founder Shares to the Company s former officers, directors, secretary and their
designees at the same price originally paid for such shares prior to the closing of the IPO. As a result of such transfers, US Tiger
Securities, Inc., a Representative of the underwriters of the IPO, as the designee of Mr. Lei Huang, former Chief Executive
Officer who resigned on December 22, 2022, acquired 122,000 Founder Shares at the same price originally paid for such shares. Dr.
Lei Xu, the Company s former President, Ms. Yuanmei Ma, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Christy Szeto,
the Company s former secretary, Dr. David Xianglin Li, Mr. Michael Daidov, and Mr. Norman Kristoff, each of the
Company s former directors collectively acquired the remaining 321,750 Founder Shares at the same price originally paid for
such shares. On December 22, 2022, the Company s officers, directors and secretary resigned from their respective positions
and returned a total of 343,750 Founder Shares back to the Sponsor which sale with original purchase price. Out of the issued and
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, an aggregate of shares remains owned by former management. 

The sale of the Founder Shares from Sponsor
to the Company s officers, directors and secretary is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is
measured at fair value upon the grant date. The grant date fair value of the remaining 100,000 shares, net of forfeiture of 343,750
shares, granted to the Company s officers, directors and secretary was or 7.16 per share. The Founders Shares were
granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the
Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting
literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not
considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be
recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an
amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the
amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

The holders of the Founder
Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell 50 of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months
after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or (B) the date on which the closing
price of the Company s Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends,
reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the
Company s initial Business Combination and the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold
until six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case,
if, subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On November 5, 2021, the
Company completed the private sale of shares of Class A Common Stock to the Sponsor, Fortune Rise Sponsor LLC, at a purchase
price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private Placement Shares are
identical to the shares of Class A Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO, except that the holders have agreed not to
transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

Representative Shares 

The Company issued 120,000 Representative
Shares to two Representatives without any consideration as part of the IPO compensation. The Representative Shares are identical to
the public shares except that the representatives have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such representative shares until
the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Representative Shares are deemed compensation by FINRA and
are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in this
offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). In addition, the Representatives have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights
with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account (as defined below) with respect to such shares if the Company
fails to complete its initial Business Combination by May 5, 2023 (extended from November 5, 2022), unless extended monthly to
November 5, 2023 by approval of our board of directors and payment of the extension by our Sponsor, or its affiliates. 

Prepaid Expenses Related Party 

Effective December 1, 2022 (the Effective
Date ), Mr. J Richard Iler, the Company s Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer,
entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with the Company and OriginClear, Inc. (OriginClear), a Nevada corporation
and the parent company of the Sponsor pursuant to which Mr. Iler received an initial payment of and is to receive separate payments
of 25,000 monthly from January through April 2023. The term of the Agreement is for six months starting from the Effective Date, unless
earlier terminated. The Agreement may be extended upon agreement by both parties, unless or until the Agreement is terminated. Either
party may cancel this Agreement upon ten days written notice in the event either party violates any material provision of the Agreement
and fails to cure such violation within ten days of written notification of such violation from the other party. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company prepaid to Mr. Iler under the Agreement amounted to . 

Due to a Related Party 

In December 2022, OriginClear advanced 
to the Company for working capital purpose. As of December 31, 2022, balance due to OriginClear amounted to . 

Promissory Notes Related Party (Working Capital Loans) 

On February 10, 2021, the
Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to 500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. This loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) August 10, 2021, extended to February 1, 2022 or (2) the closing of the
IPO. Prior to the closing of the IPO, the Company had an outstanding loan balance of 235,000. The outstanding balance under the Promissory
Note was repaid on November 6, 2021. 

On November 4, 2022, an aggregate
of (the Extension Payment was deposited into the Company s Trust Account for the public stockholders, representing 0.10 per public share, which enables
the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three months from November 5, 2022
to February 5, 2023 (the Extension ). The Extension is the first of the two three-month extensions permitted under the Company s
governing documents. In connection with the Extension Payment, the Company issued unsecured promissory notes to certain initial stockholders
including (i) a note of 413,750 to Mr. Koon Keung Chan, the former manager of the Sponsor of the Company who resigned on December 22,
2022, (ii) a note of 
 to U.S. Tiger Securities, an existing stockholder, and (iv) a note of 170,000 to Dr. Lei Xu, the former President and Chairwoman
of the Company who resigned on December 22, 2022. The three promissory notes together with the Company s working capital fund were
used to pay for the Extension Payment. These three promissory notes were assigned to the Sponsor on December 22, 2022. 

The Notes are non-interest bearing and
payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) consummation of the Company s initial Business
Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time, at the election
of the Company. The holders of the Notes have the right, but not the obligation, to convert their Notes, in whole or in part,
respectively, into private shares of the Class A common stock (the Conversion Shares of the Company, as
described in the prospectus of the Company (File Number 333-256511). The number of Conversion Shares to be received by the holders
in connection with such conversion shall be an amount determined by dividing (x) the sum of the outstanding principal amount payable
to such holders by (y) 10.00. 

In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the founders or an affiliate of the founders or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company
completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does
not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 3,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into working capital shares,
at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Such working capital shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares.
In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had borrowings of 
and ,
respectively, under the promissory notes related party (working capital loans). 

Underwriters Agreement 

The Representatives
entitled to underwriting discounts of (i) two percent (2.0 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 1,955,000
in the aggregate and paid at the closing of the IPO and (ii) will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of three and a
half percent (3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or approximately 3,421,250
in the aggregate upon the consummation of a Business Combination. 

shares of preferred stock, par value 
per share and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the
company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common stock 
 The Company was initially authorized to issue up to 
shares of common stock, par value 
per share. At February 19, 2021, there were 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. On March 2, 2021, the Company adopted and effected first amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to divide common stock into Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock resulting the
Company is authorized to issue up to 60,000,000
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001
per share including 
shares of Class A Common Stock and 
shares of Class B Common Stock. Accordingly, the Company forfeited 2,443,750 shares of common stock issued to the Sponsor and
issued 
shares of Class B Common Stock to the Sponsor. 

Class A Common
Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares
of Class A Common Stock with a par value of per
share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares
of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Common
Stock The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of Class B Common Stock with a par value of 
per share. On March 2, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of Class B Common Stock to the Company by the founders for , so that the founders will collectively own
20 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the IPO (excluding the Private Placement Shares and the
Representative Shares). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. The Company s stockholders are entitled
to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Holders of record
of the Class A Common Stock and holders of record of the Class B Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters
submitted to a vote of the stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote except as required by applicable
law. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the closing of our initial Business
Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution right. 

Warrants 
 On November 5, 2021, the Company issued 
warrants in connection with the IPO. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of the
Company s Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time
commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO or 30 days after the completion of the initial Business
Combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of
Class A Common Stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No
fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire
five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or
earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, warrants were outstanding. 

The Company has agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following its initial Business Combination to have declared
effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the
Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Company s Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event it so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
the Company may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 
 
 at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 
 
 upon not less than 30 days prior
written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 
 
 if, and only if, the reported last sale price
of the common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on third business day before the Company send the notice
of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company accounted for
the 4,887,500 warrants issued with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The Company accounted
for the warrant as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimates that
the fair value of the warrants of the date of grant date is approximately 
million, or 0.906 per Unit, using the Monte Carlo Model. The fair value of the warrants is estimated as of the date of grant date
using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 16.2 , (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.16 , (3) expected life of
5.91 years, (4) exercise price of 11.50 and (5) stock price of 9.548. 

State 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

A reconciliation
of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

State statutory rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 
 115.4 
 0.0 

The Company s net deferred
tax assets (liabilities) were as follows as of: 

Net operating loss carryover 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Accrued dividend income 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liability, net 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had and , respectively, of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryover available to offset future
taxable income which do not expire. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible
amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax
planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant
uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. 

F- 25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fortune_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, J. Richard Iler, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April
 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ J. Richard Iler 

J. Richard Iler 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 fortune_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, J. Richard Iler, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April
 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ J. Richard Iler 

J. Richard Iler 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fortune_ex3200.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation (the Company ), for the
purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report
of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April
 13, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ J. Richard Iler 

J. Richard Iler 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 frla-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 frla-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 frla-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 frla-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

