<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1669400_0001213900-23-030190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5940203</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>258402</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1105826</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1411239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1537142</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1472200</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030190.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417145755
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Veritas Farms, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001669400
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				990375676
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-210190
		FILM NUMBER:		23823703

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1815 GRIFFIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			DANIA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833)691-4367

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1815 GRIFFIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 401
		CITY:			DANIA BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SanSal Wellness Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Armeau Brands Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160314

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030190.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_veritasfarms.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________to ________. 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the last reported sale price of the common
stock quoted on the OTCQB, operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock, 0.001 par value, as of April 14, 2023 was shares. 

VERITAS FARMS, INC 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II 
 26 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 31 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 32 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 32 

PART III 
 33 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 38 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 

PART IV 
 47 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 48 

Signatures 
 49 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain statements made in this report are forward-looking
statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. All statements other than statements of
historical facts contained or incorporated by reference in this report, including statements regarding our future financial position,
business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, will, may, future, plan, intend 
and expect and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Such statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements
included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based,
in part, on assumptions involving judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and
future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Particular
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements include:
our history of losses; our inability to receive regulatory approval for our products; later discovery of previously unknown problems;
reliance on third parties; competition between us and other companies in the industry; delays in the development of products; our ability
to raise additional capital; continued services of our executive management team; and statements of assumption underlying any of the
foregoing, as well as other factors set forth under the caption Risk Factors on page 10 of this report. Although we believe
that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant
uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations,
the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will
be achieved. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references
in this report to the Company , Veritas Farms , Veritas, we , 
 us and our refer to Veritas Farms, Inc. and its subsidiary. All share and per share information
in this report gives pro forma effect to the implementation of a one for four reverse stock split effective September 20, 2019. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Business Overview 

Veritas Farms, Inc. is an agribusiness focused
on growing, producing, marketing, and distributing superior quality, whole plant, full spectrum hemp oils and extracts containing naturally
occurring phytocannabinoids (collectively, CBD ). Veritas Farms owns and operates a 140 acre farm in Pueblo,
Colorado, capable of producing over 200,000 proprietary full spectrum hemp plants which can potentially yield a minimum annual harvest
of 250,000 to 300,000 pounds of outdoor-grown industrial hemp. While part of the cannabis family, hemp, which contains less than 0.3 
tetrahydrocannabinol THC ), the psychoactive compound that produces the high in marijuana, is distinguished
from marijuana by its use, physical appearance and lower THC concentration (marijuana generally has a THC level of 10 or more). The
Company also operates approximately 15,000 square feet of climate-controlled greenhouses to produce a consistent supply of year-round
indoor-cultivated hemp. In addition, there is a 10,000 square foot onsite facility used for processing raw hemp, oil extraction, formulation
laboratories and quality/purity testing. Veritas Farms is registered with the Colorado Department of Agriculture to grow industrial hemp
and with the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment to process hemp and manufacture hemp products in accordance with Colorado s
hemp program. The Company primarily conducts its business operations through its wholly-owned subsidiary, 271 Lake Davis Holdings, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company 271 Lake Davis ). 

Veritas Farms meticulously processes its hemp
crop to produce superior quality whole-plant hemp oil, extracts and derivatives which contain the entire full spectrum of cannabinoids
extracted from the flowers and leaves of hemp plants. Veritas Farms employs the use of the cold ethanol extraction method to extract
the whole plant hemp oil from its hemp crop. Whole-plant hemp oil is known to provide the essential phytocannabinoid entourage
effect resulting from the synergistic absorption of the entire full spectrum of unique hemp cannabinoids by the receptors of the
human endocannabinoid system. As a result, Veritas Farms believes that its products are premier quality cannabinoids and are highly sought
after by consumers and manufacturers of premium hemp products. 

Veritas Farms has developed a wide variety of
formulated phytocannabinoid-rich hemp products containing naturally occurring phytocannabinoids which are marketed and distributed by
the Company under its Veritas Farms brand name. Our products are also available in bulk, white label and private label custom formulations
for distributors and retailers. These types of products are in high demand by health food markets, wellness centers, pet suppliers, physicians
and other healthcare practitioners. 

Veritas Farms products include capsules, gummies,
tinctures, lotions, salves, creams, balm sticks, lip balms and pet chews. All product applications come in various flavors and strength
formulations, in addition to bulk volume sales. Many of the Company s whole-plant hemp oil products and formulations are available
for purchase online directly from the Company through its Veritas Farms website, www.theVeritasFarms.com, as well as through numerous
other online retailers and brick and mortar retail outlets. 

1 

Our Mission 

Veritas Farms is a pioneer in quality CBD products
and organic farming methods. It is committed to serving the global community by uncompromising on our quality and continuing the pursuit
of cutting-edge, ethical innovation. 

Veritas Farms is different from the majority
of our competitors. We produce pure natural hemp derivatives, pesticide residual and solvent free, with whole plant phytocannabinoids.
We achieve the highest potency and purity in the derivative products from our oils. 

Veritas Farms is committed to the research and
development of improved proprietary hemp genetics cultivation and innovation in order to provide the global community with uncompromised
quality hemp products, containing the highest quality, quantity and consistency in the industry. 

Our commitment to enhancing the symbiotic relationship
between healthy plants and healthy people ensures that we provide whole-plant, broad spectrum cannabinoid-rich hemp products while using
only natural protocols and sustainable farming methods. 

Our philosophy is to practice strict natural
protocols for hemp cultivation and utilize the latest technology to assist our sustainable, environmentally sound farming practices to
ensure pure, pesticide free, and high-quality consistent products. 

Why Cannabinoids? 

Cannabinoid-rich hemp oil is made from the stalks
and leaves of the cannabis sativa plant. Like THC, cannabinoid-rich hemp is an active cannabinoid found in cannabis plants. Unlike THC,
however, cannabinoid-rich hemp has no psychoactive properties and its health benefits may be even more profound than those of THC. 

What are cannabinoids ? They are chemical
compounds secreted by the flowers of the cannabis plant. Our brains have receptors that respond pharmacologically to them. THC is the
psychoactive cannabinoid, which binds to receptors in the brain, while cannabinoid-rich hemp binds to receptors throughout the body.
Whole-plant hemp extracts are known to provide the essential phytocannabinoid entourage effect resulting from the synergistic
absorption of the entire broad spectrum of unique hemp cannabinoids by the receptors of the human endocannabinoid system. 

2 

Through our body s endocannabinoid receptors,
cannabinoid-rich hemp oil can mitigate both pain, swelling and inflammation associated with it. Science has long known about cannabinoid s
analgesic properties, which is why we now have a number of cannabinoid-rich hemp-infused topical creams and salves designed for direct
application to skin. 

There seems to be no end to the painful conditions
for which cannabinoid-rich hemp oil could mean a measure of localized relief. Enthusiasts commonly cite arthritis, menstrual cramps,
headaches, and even plain old muscle soreness or the itchiness from psoriasis and dermatitis as potential targets for the cannabis compound. 

Current Industry Factors and Market Opportunity 

Typical Cannabinoid Company
Profile . The majority of cannabinoid companies are either farmers/extractors, manufacturers, or retail brands. Farmers often grow
and extract their oil, sometimes selling their oil wholesale to product manufacturers and sometimes manufacturing their own products
and then selling them in bulk to brands that use them for private label products. Retail brands are forced into a state of constant supply
search and often have to order from multiple farmers/extractors in order to ensure their demand is met. This can cause inconsistency
in product potency and quality, often leading to products that do not have an accurate Certificate of Analysis or additional contaminate
tests. 

Poor Quality Products,
Morally Questionable Companies . As with any burgeoning new market, opportunistic entrepreneurs and entities have surfaced selling
inferior products that are often misrepresented and mislabeled. These products may contain little to no active cannabinoid compounds,
or contaminated cannabinoid compounds. These entities often seek a quick payday for the company s founders and take advantage of
the lack of consumer education about the industry. 

Lack of Consumer Knowledge/Confusion
in Market Place . New markets and products are often rife with miseducation and misunderstanding. Cannabinoid products are just beginning
to be absorbed by the mainstream public, who may be unaware of the implications of the lack of quality control, proper application, dosing
and uses. 

The industrial hemp market is projected to grow
at a compound annual growth rate of 40 from 4.7 billion in 2021 to 12.0 billion by 2026. The growth of this market is attributed to
the increased consumption of hemp-based products. Our goal is to secure as large a share of the growing market for CBD products as possible,
by taking advantage of the fractured nature of the industry, the poor quality products offered by some competitors and the lack of knowledge
of the potential benefits of CBD by means of: 

Offering only the highest quality products by maintaining control of
 the growing, extracting and manufacturing processes; 

Providing a one-stop vertically integrated source for CBD products; 

Increasing demand by educating consumers on the potential benefits
 of use of CBD products; and 

Employing an integrated marketing plan across both traditional and
 digital channels. 

3 

Our Products 

Veritas Farms has developed a wide variety of
formulated phytocannabinoid-rich hemp products containing naturally occurring phytocannabinoids which are marketed and distributed by
the Company under its Veritas Farms brand name. Our products are also available in bulk, white label and private label custom formulations
for distributors and retailers. These types of products are in high demand by health food markets, wellness centers, pet suppliers, physicians
and other healthcare practitioners. 

Veritas Farms products include capsules, gummies,
tinctures, lotions, salves, creams, balm sticks, lip balms and pet chews. All product applications come in various flavors and strength
formulations, in addition to bulk volume sales. Many of the Company s whole-plant hemp oil products and formulations are available
for purchase online directly from the Company through its Veritas Farms website, www.theVeritasFarms.com, as well as through numerous
other online retailers and brick and mortar retail outlets. 

Our primary products are made as: 

Cannabinoid-rich hemp oil: a pure, concentrated extract made from the
 flowers, leaves and stalks of the cannabis species, which is sold at wholesale in bulk wholesale and also used for Veritas Farms
 product formulation. 

Cannabinoid-rich hemp capsules and gummies in easy-to-swallow or chew
 form. 

Tinctures that are used sublingually as an efficient way to absorb
 cannabinoids. 

Topically applied products such as lotions and oils that are applied
 directly to the skin, usually to treat a specific spot of pain or inflammation. 

All Veritas Farms products are of the highest-quality
and are third-party laboratory tested for strength/purity, bio-contaminants, heavy metals, pesticides, and solvents. Our core product
lines pipeline include: 

The General Health Wellness line of products including hemp oils,
 capsules, gummies, salves, balm sticks and lip balms. 

The Functional product line consisting of hemp oils, soft gels, gummies,
 and sports creams. 

A CBD-infused line of pet products - Veritas Pets . 

The Veritas Beauty and skin care product line, encompassing
 massage oils, salves, lotions and creams. 

Adoption of a Functional Product Line 

Since inception, Veritas Farms has offered a variety
of full-spectrum hemp oil products designed to improve the general health and wellness of our consumers. However, due to the recent COVID-19
pandemic and evolving needs of our consumers, Veritas launched a new purpose-built product line in the second quarter of 2022 designed
to target a wider variety of common health conditions, supported with additional dietary supplements. 

According to data insights from New Frontier
Data, 82 of consumers that purchase CBD products do so for a specific need. Only 18 of consumers purchase CBD for general health and
wellness. By modifying the cannabinoid potency levels (CBD, CBG, CBN, etc.) and adding in additional natural botanicals and adaptogens
that have a proven benefit for certain health conditions, Veritas has been able to scientifically design a functional line of products
that is specific to the needs of consumers. The new line consists of six products including Sleep Support, Stress Relief, Muscle 
Joint Relief, Immunity Boost, Heart Health, and Energy Boost. 

4 

Production 

Hemp growth, extraction, processing, formulation
and product manufacturing takes place at our facilities located on our 140-acre farm in Pueblo Colorado. Our farm is capable of producing
over 200,000 plants potentially yielding a minimum annual harvest of 250,000 to 300,000 pounds of outdoor grown hemp. 

In addition, the Company s 15,000 square
feet of climate-controlled greenhouses are capable of producing a consistent supply of approximately 25,000 pounds per year of indoor
cultivated hemp over 4-6 individual harvests. 

There is an additional 10,000 square foot on-site
facility used for plant processing and oil extraction, in addition to housing Veritas Farms testing and formulation laboratories,
wherein GMP (good manufacturing practices) are strictly maintained. 

The production process starts in the ground,
with our cultivation team. Veritas Farms is fortunate to have a team of dedicated, experienced, and passionate farming experts that nurture
our plants with individual care, much like the care and attention paid to vines in a vineyard. 

After harvest, our in-house laboratory chemists
and extraction technicians produce varieties of high quality, pure hemp derivative oils while constantly finding methods to improve processes
and improve our products. 

Veritas Farms uses advanced, strict natural protocols
to cultivate its cannabinoid-rich hemp oil yield from its plants. After naturally air drying, only the leaves and flowers richly coated
with trichomes are processed with our advanced ethanol spray evaporation extractors according to the planned uses for the cannabinoid-rich
hemp extracts. Whole-plant full spectrum cannabinoid-rich hemp extracts are then further processed using chromatography and other techniques
yielding pure distillates and other derivatives exceeding 80 cannabinoid-rich hemp with 0.3 or less THC. 

Marketing and Sales 

Overview 

The primary target customers and markets for
Veritas Farms products are: 

Ages 25 55 (Millennials and Gen Xers) 

o 
 Health conscious/open minded consumers looking for an alternative 
 all-natural approach to health and wellness 

o 
 Middle to upper class income levels 

Medical patients 

o 
 Looking to treat chronic disease, illness, pain, stress, sleep, and
 other specific conditions 

Baby Boomers 

o 
 Health conscious 

o 
 Seeking alternatives to pharmaceuticals for chronic conditions 

o 
 Upper income levels 

Athletes 

o 
 Helps relieve pain and reduce inflammation 

o 
 Aids in muscle relaxation 

Pet Owners 

o 
 Passionate about pets 

o 
 Disposable income to spend on pets 

o 
 Affluent 30+ 

The Veritas Farms product line is expected to
continually expand to offer additional products and applications. 

5 

Currently, Veritas Farms has implemented a marketing
plan to compete in the cannabinoid industry. To become a market leader in the industry, the Company plans to use three primary channels
to market its products, web-based marketing, traditional marketing and medical marketing. 

Web-Based Marketing 

General. Veritas
Farms expanded e-commerce retail platform is designed to offer for sale the Company s premium phytocannabinoid-rich extract
products directly to consumers under the Veritas Farms brand. The site gives us the ability to quickly adapt to a rapidly evolving market
and to position our branded product lines as a leader in the industry. In addition to our e-commerce platform, Veritas Farms is pursuing
distribution with leading third-party online retailers. 

Content Marketing via
Blogs and Social Media . We believe that content marketing offers a cost-effective marketing strategy. The core components to Veritas
Farms content marketing strategy are blogs and social media posts. Veritas Farms launched an engaging social media campaign to
promote an overall vision of quality and transparent phytocannabinoid products. 

Influencer Campaigns .
Influencer marketing is a type of marketing that focuses on using online leaders to drive the brand s message to the larger market.
Rather than market directly to a large group of consumers, Veritas Farms will partner with influencers to utilize their personal social
channels to spread the word about the brand. Influencers are celebrities, high-quality content creators, buzz builders and promoters
and natural health advocates. Extensive tracking methods will be implemented to determine the effectiveness of the influencer campaigns. 

Affiliate Marketing,
 Affiliate marketing leverages partners or affiliates that earn a commission for marketing our products. The affiliates are allowed
to pick which products they enjoy selling the most, preferably products they use and find effective, then promote that product to their
followers and earn a piece of the profit. The sales are tracked via affiliate links from their website to ours. 

Search Engine Optimization, SEO . SEO is important for establishing and creating an online presence. Most online interaction starts with key words
manually entered into a search engine, in relevant website options for the user. The Veritas Farms SEO marketing plan contemplates a
monthly campaign to ensure the website ranks in top relevance for industry-related searches on major search engines such as Google, Bing
and Yahoo. 

Business Development 

Our business strategy is to create long-term sustainable
growth, developing and selling our CBD products that address customer needs. We have embarked on a strategy to grow the Company by supplementing
our organic innovation efforts with key joint ventures, partnerships, and strategic alliances that are within or adjacent to our core
areas of focus to capitalize on current and next-generation market opportunities. We are looking to maximize shareholder value and improve
our financial position by looking at business-2-business (B2B) and business-2-consumer (B2C) companies to
explore synergies for potential strategic alternatives and or M A activity within the health, wellness, and pet industries. Some examples
are CBD companies that sell direct to consumer, ancillary companies for the hemp/CBD industry, ancillary companies for the mushroom/nootropics
industry, mushroom/nootropic direct to consumer brands, natural supplement brands, and pet brands. 

Intellectual Property 

We do not currently have any patents or copyrights.
We currently own trademark registrations for the marks VERITAS FARMS , and Veritas | Farms , and a pending
trademark application for the mark VERITAS FARMS V BE TRULY HEALTHY . 

We rely on a combination of trade secret, including
federal, state and common law rights in the United States, nondisclosure agreements, and other measures to protect our intellectual property.
We require our employees, consultants, and advisors to execute confidentiality agreements and to agree to disclose and assign to us all
inventions conceived under their respective employment, consultant, or advisor agreement, using our property, or which relate to our
business. Despite any measures taken to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products
or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Our business is affected by our ability to protect against misappropriation
and infringement of our intellectual property, including our trademarks, service marks, domain names, and other proprietary rights. 

6 

Government Regulation 

We operate our business in markets that are both
highly regulated and rapidly evolving. We are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations affecting our
operations in a number of areas. These laws and regulations affect the Company s activities in areas including, but not limited
to, the hemp business in the United States, the consumer products and nutritional supplement markets in the United States, consumer protection,
labor, intellectual property ownership and infringement, interstate commerce and taxation, federal and state healthcare, environmental
and safety. The successful execution of our business objectives will be contingent upon our compliance with all applicable laws and regulations
and obtaining all necessary regulatory approvals, permits and registrations, which may be onerous and expensive. 

The federal Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 Farm Bill ), signed into law on December 20, 2019, along with the Agricultural Act of 2014, the corresponding Consolidated
Appropriations Act of 2016 provisions (as extended by resolution into 2019) and Colorado s Industrial Hemp Regulatory Program and
related state law, permit the cultivation of hemp, and the processing and manufacturing of hemp products, as part of agricultural pilot
programs and/or state plans adopted by individual states, including Colorado (pursuant to which we operate). However, there can be no
assurance that new legislation or regulations may be introduced at either the federal and/or state level which, if passed, would impose
new regulatory requirements on the manufacture, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution and sale of hemp-derived products.
New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation, elimination or relabeling of certain products to meet new standards and
revisions to certain sales and marketing materials and it is possible that the costs of complying with these new regulatory requirements
could be material. 

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ),
Federal Trade Commission FTC and their state-level equivalents, possess broad authority to enforce the provisions of
federal and state law, respectively, applicable to consumer products. These regulations provide consumer safeguards for foods, dietary
supplements and cosmetics, and give the power to these agencies to issue a public warning or notice of violation letter to a company,
publicize information about illegal products, detain illegal products intended for import or export (in conjunction with U.S. Customs
and Boarder Protection), require a recall of illegal products from the market, and request the Department of Justice, or the state-level
equivalent, to initiate a seizure action, an injunction action, or a criminal prosecution in federal. or state courts. The initiation
of any regulatory action towards industrial hemp or hemp derivatives by the FDA, FTC or any other related federal or state agency, could
result in greater legal cost to Veritas Farms, may result in substantial financial penalties and enjoinment from certain business-related
activities, and if such actions were publicly reported, they may have a materially adverse effect on the Company, its business and its
results of operations. 

Competition 

The industrial hemp cultivation and derivative
products industry is relatively new and evolving. Brand recognition, quality, performance, availability, and price are some of the factors
that impact consumers choices among competing products and brands. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and the pace and timing
of new product introductions also have a significant impact on consumers buying decisions. While we believe that the industry
is fragmented at the present time, there is vigorous competition within each market where our products are sold, and there are numerous
competitors, including Green Roads, Charlotte s Web, cbdMD, Medterra and CV Sciences, some of whom are larger and have a longer
operating history and greater financial resources than does the Company. Moreover, we may also face competition with larger firms in
the consumer products manufacturing and distribution industry, who elect to enter the market given the relatively low barriers to entry.
Veritas Farms believes that it competes effectively with these companies because of its vertical integration through the cultivation,
extraction, formulation, manufacturing and distribution processes, the quality of its products and customer service. However, no assurance
can be given that Veritas Farms will effectively compete with its existing or future competitors. 

7 

Human Capital Resources 

We strive to create a high-performance culture
that embraces diversity, inclusion, diverse perspectives and experiences, to ensure that employees have opportunities to develop the
skills they need to grow and excel in their fields. Human capital management is a priority for our executives and board of directors.
We are committed to identifying and developing the talent necessary for our long-term success. We have a robust talent and succession
planning process and have established programs to support the development of our talent pipeline for critical roles in our organization.
Annually, we conduct a robust review with the leadership team focusing on high performing and high potential talent, diverse talent and
succession for our critical roles. 

We also recognize that it is important to develop
our future leaders. We provide a variety of resources to help our employees build and develop their skills, including online development
resources as well as individual development opportunities and projects for key talent. Additionally, we have leadership development resources
for our future leaders as they continue to develop their skills. 

We also foster a strong corporate culture that
promotes high standards of ethics and compliance for our business, including policies that set forth principles to guide employee, officer,
director, and vendor conduct, such as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We also maintain a whistleblower policy and anonymous
hotline for the confidential reporting of any suspected policy violations or unethical business conduct on the part of our employees,
officers, directors, or vendors. 

As of December 31, 2022 we employed 17 full time
employees and consultants Company-wide, including nine of whom are based in Florida and eight of whom are based in Colorado. We believe
that relations with our employees are good. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Our principal office is located in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida and our cultivation, production, warehouse and distribution facilities are located in Colorado. A majority of our personnel are
currently working remotely as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and in 2022 we adopted a practice for our employees to work remotely
on a regular basis, unless the job function requires the employee to be physically onsite, and in the long term, we expect that a majority
of our personnel will continue to work remotely on a regular basis. 

We offer competitive compensation to attract and
retain the best people, and we help care for our people so they can focus on our mission. We offer our employees a wide array of benefits
such as life and health (medical, dental, and vision) insurance, and paid time off, as well as emotional well-being services through our
health insurance program. Our employees total compensation package includes market-competitive salary, bonuses or sales commissions,
and equity. We generally offer equity grants to certain full-time employees, primarily management, after their one-year anniversary of
hire and through annual equity grants because we want them to be owners of the Company and committed to our long-term success. We have
conducted an annual pay equity analysis, and continue to be committed to pay equity. 

8 

Our Background 

Veritas Farms was incorporated as Armeau Brands
Inc. in the State of Nevada on March 15, 2011. On October 13, 2017, the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
with the Nevada Secretary of State changing the name from Armeau Brands Inc. to SanSal Wellness Holdings, Inc., 
and on January 31, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State
changing the name from SanSal Wellness Holdings, Inc. to Veritas Farms, Inc. 

On September 27, 2017, the Company entered into
a Securities Exchange Agreement with all the members of 271 Lake Davis, pursuant to which 271 Lake Davis became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company (the 271 Lake Davis Holdings, LLC Acquisition ). 271 Lake Davis was founded in February 2015 to produce natural
rich-hemp products. 

On May 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement SPA with the Cornelis F. Wit Revocable Living Trust, of which Cornelis F. Wit is the trustee Wit
Trust ), an existing shareholder, pursuant to which the Company contemporaneously sold to the Wit Trust an aggregate of (a) 2,000,000
shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Shares and (b) 1,000,000 shares of its Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Shares, and together with the Series A Preferred Shares, collectively,
 Preferred Shares in exchange for (i) the payment of 2,000,000 (including 302,500 principal plus accrued but unpaid interest
in bridge financing provided by the Wit Trust to the Company during April 2021); and (ii) the surrender of 2,000,000 units Units ),
each Unit consisting of two shares of common stock and one warrant to purchase an additional share of common stock in accordance with
the terms of the subscription agreements for the purchase of the Units entered into by the Wit Trust and the Company in September and
October 2020. As a result of the transaction and the voting rights accorded the Preferred Shares, the Wit Trust then held approximately
88 of the voting power of the Company and accordingly, a Change in Control occurred. 

S ince May 2021 as
previously reported in our Current Reports on Form 8-K, there have been significant changes to our executive officers and board of directors
which includes the following: (1) on May 12, 2021, in accordance with the terms of a SPA (i) Bao T. Doan and Marc J. Horowitz stepped
down from the board of directors, (ii) Alexander M. Salgado stepped down as Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, (iii)
Michael Pelletier stepped down as an employee of the Company, except pursuant to a consulting agreement entered into with Mr. Pelletier
on the same date, he continued to serve as Chief Financial Officer until August 11, 2021, (iv) Stephen E. Johnson Mr. Johnson ),
Kuno van der Post Dr. van der Post and Craig Fabel Mr. Fabel were elected and appointed as directors on
the board of directors, (v) Thomas E. Vickers (Mr. Vickers ), an incumbent director, was appointed as Chairperson of the Board,
(vi) Mr. Johnson was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, and (vii) Ramon A. Pino was appointed as Executive
Vice President of Finance, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, and who was subsequently appointed as Chief Financial Officer on August
11, 2021; (2) on June 1, 2022, Kristen High Ms. High was elected and appointed as a director on the board of directors;
(3) on June 30, 2022, Dave Smith, the Company s COO, resigned; (4) on July 25, 2022, (i) Mr. Johnson stepped down as Chief Executive
Officer, President and a director, and (ii) Alessandro M. Annoscia Mr. Annoscia was appointed as Chief Executive Officer,
President and a director on the board of directors, (5) on November 7, 2022, (i) Mr. Annoscia stepped down as Chief Executive Officer,
President, and a director, and (ii) Mr. Vickers was appointed interim Chief Executive Officer and interim President, and (6) on December
8, 2022, (i) Kellie Newton, Mr. Fabel, and Ms. High were removed as directors on the board of directors, and (ii) Gary A. Shangold Dr.
Shangold was elected and appointed as a director on the board of directors. 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.theVeritasFarms.com.
The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this report or incorporated into this report or any other
filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We file annual, quarterly, and current reports with
the SEC. Our SEC filings, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act are available free of charge over the Internet at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. Our SEC filings are not posted on our website. 

9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities is speculative
in nature and involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this report, our stockholders and
prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating us and our business, any of which could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results and could result in a loss of your investment. 

We have a history of losses, a large accumulated deficit and may
incur future losses. We may be unable to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

The Company commenced operations in 2016 and began
generating commercial revenues in 2017. The Company incurred net losses of 5,543,908, 7,263,567 and 7,592,539 for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 39,474,622. We are subject to all the
problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in establishing a new business. The Company does not know
if it will become commercially viable and ever generate significant revenues or operate at a profit. 

We have incurred a material amount of indebtedness
to fund our operations, the terms of which have required us to pledge substantially all of our assets as security. Our ability to conduct
our business could be materially affected if we were unable to repay or extend the maturity dates of our outstanding indebtedness. 

As of the filing date of this report, we had
outstanding borrowings of 4,603,278 of principal amount, of which: 

approximately 200,000 at 10 interest was due in October 2022, and
we are currently in default on payment; 

approximately 3,278 at 9.5 interest is due in May 2023; 

approximately 3,000,000 at 10 interest is due in October 2024 Credit
 Line 

approximately 1,250,000 at 10 interest is due in October 2024; and 

approximately 150,000 at 3.75 interest is due in June 2050; 

Further, in connection with the Credit Line which
is for an amount up to 3,000,000 by the Wit Trust, we have granted the trust a security interest in our assets, such that all of our
tangible and intangible assets are subject to a lien held by the trust. 

The debt instruments include events of default,
including, among other things, payment defaults, any breach by us of representations, warranties or covenants, certain bankruptcy events
and, and in connection with the Credit Line, if any lawsuit, money judgment, writ or similar process is entered or filed against us or
our subsidiary or any of our assets for more than 100,000. If an event of default were to occur under any of the debt instruments and
we were unable to obtain a waiver for the default or extend the maturity dates of the debt instruments, the counterparties could, among
other remedies, accelerate our obligations under the debt instrument, and in connection with the Credit Line exercise the creditor s
right to foreclose on their security interests, which would cause substantial harm to our business and prospects. 

The Company needs additional financing to
continue operations and become profitable; if we do not raise additional capital, we will need to curtail or cease operations; and our
financial statements contain a going concern qualification. 

We require additional capital for the development
of our business operations. We may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors
that may increase our capital needs and/or cause us to spend our cash resources faster than we expect. Accordingly, we will need to obtain
additional funding in order to continue our operations. The uncertainties surrounding our ability to fund our operations raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

For the past five years, the Company has funded
its development activities primarily through private placements of debt and equity, and stockholder loans. As of December 31, 2022, we
had approximately 55,273 in cash. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2022, includes an explanatory paragraph stating that our lack of revenues and working capital raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. To become profitable, the Company will require additional financing. There
can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to the Company when needed, on favorable terms or otherwise. The
exact amount of additional financing raised, if any, will determine how quickly we can reach profitability on our operations. If additional
funding is not obtained, we may need to reduce, defer or cancel product development efforts, our production and marketing operations,
or overhead expenditures to the extent necessary. Moreover, any such additional financing may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. The
absence of additional financing, if and when needed, could cause the Company to delay full implementation of its business plan in whole
or in part, curtail its business activities, seriously harm the Company and its prospects and have an adverse effect on the Company s
financial condition and results of operations. 

10 

COVID-19 and Other Macroeconomic Factors. 

The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact
around the world and has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. It prompted governments and businesses
to take unprecedented measures in response. While economies of various countries have rebounded from the global Covid-19 economic shutdown
that began in the late first quarter and early second quarter of calendar year 2020, the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic continued, to
varying degrees, in 2022 and continues, to varying degrees, in 2023 due to mounting inflationary cost pressures and potential recession
indicators that have now negatively impacted the global economy. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and macroeconomic
environment and take appropriate steps to mitigate the impact on our business, employees and financial condition; however, the nature
and extent of this impact in future periods remains difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties outside our control. 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult
for potential investors to evaluate our business prospects. 

The Company commenced operations in 2016 and
began generating commercial revenues in 2017. Accordingly, we have a limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our
business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties, and we cannot assure you that the
Company will achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 

The Company s prospects must be considered
in light of the risks encountered by companies in the early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving
markets. Future operating results will depend upon many factors, including our success in attracting and retaining motivated and qualified
personnel, our ability to establish credit lines or obtain financing, our ability to develop and market new products, our ability to
control costs, and general economic conditions. We cannot assure you that the Company will successfully address any of these risks. There
can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. 

The Company s ultimate success will
be dependent in part on our ability to successfully develop, produce and market a portfolio of natural phytocannabinoid-rich industrial
hemp products, and market acceptance of our planned products. 

Our ultimate success will be dependent in part
on our ability to successfully develop, produce and market a portfolio of natural phytocannabinoid-rich industrial hemp products. We
are an agribusiness and grow our product indoors and outdoors, and there are risks associated with the production of our product relating
to such things as weather, soil deterioration, and infestation that could affect our supplies and inventory. In addition, market acceptance
by and demand for our products from consumers will also be key factors in our ability to succeed. If we are unable to develop and market
our portfolio of existing and planned products or if they are not accepted by consumers, our business, results of operations and financial
condition could be seriously harmed. 

We face substantial risk of product liability
claims and potential adverse product publicity. 

Like any other retailer, distributor or manufacturer
of products that are designed to be ingested, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and
litigation if our products are alleged to have caused loss or injury. Although we carry products liability insurance, a successful products
liability claim brought against us that is in excess of our insurance coverage limits or assertion or settlement of any uninsured claim,
or a significant number of insured claims could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

11 

A significant product defect or product recall
could materially and adversely affect our brand image, causing a decline in our sales and profitability, and could reduce or deplete
our financial resources. 

A significant product defect could materially
harm our brand image and could force us to conduct a product recall. This could damage our relationships with our customers and reduce
end-user loyalty. A product recall would be particularly harmful to us because we have limited financial and administrative resources
to effectively manage a product recall and it would detract management s attention from implementing our core business strategies.
As a result, a significant product defect or product recall could cause a decline in our sales and profitability and could reduce or
deplete our financial resources. 

We need to undertake additional significant
marketing efforts for our present and planned products. 

Until 2019, our marketing efforts were limited
in large part to sales in the business-to-business channel. In order to achieve profitability, we need to undertake significant marketing
efforts for our existing and planned products in the business-to-consumer and medical channels, including building awareness of our Veritas
Farms brand and promoting both online and brick and mortar sales. While we have significantly expanded our efforts
since 2019, these marketing efforts must continue on an ongoing basis. There is no assurance that any marketing strategy we develop can
be successfully implemented or if implemented, that it will result in significant sales of our existing and planned products. 

Our agreements with customers do not require
the purchase of any specified amount of products. 

Our agreements with customers do not require
them to purchase any specified amounts of our products or dollar amounts of sales or to make any purchases whatsoever. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that, in any future period, our sales generated from our customers, individually or in the aggregate, will equal or
exceed historical levels. We also cannot assure you that, if sales to any of our customers cease or decline, we will be able to replace
these sales with sales to either existing or new customers in a timely manner, or at all. A cessation or reduction of sales, or a decrease
in the prices of products sold to one or more of these customers could cause a significant decline in our net sales and profitability. 

If the Company fails to properly manage its
growth, the Company s business could suffer. 

A significant part of the Company s strategy
will be to expand sales and marketing of its existing products into new channels and geographic markets and develop, sell and market additional
products, such as those in its Veritas Farms product line. As we continue to grow our business and develop products, we expect
to need additional research, development, managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, accounting, legal and other resources.
The Company expects its growth to place a significant strain on management, as well as on operational and financial resources and systems.
In addition, some members of our management do not have significant experience managing a CBD agribusiness operation, so our management
may not be able to manage such growth effectively. Additionally, the majority of our personnel are currently working remotely, which may
limit their ability to perform certain job functions and may negatively impact productivity. In the long term, we may experience challenges
to productivity and collaboration, and technology infrastructure security, as personnel work remotely on a regular basis. To effectively
manage our growth, we must continue to adapt to a remote work environment. To manage growth effectively, the Company will need to maintain
a system of management controls, and attract and retain qualified personnel, as well as develop, train and manage management-level and
other employees. Failure to manage our growth effectively could cause us to over-invest or under-invest in infrastructure, and result
in losses or weaknesses in our infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on the ability to successfully implement our
planned growth strategies, as well as on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our management may not be able to control
costs in an effective or timely manner. 

The Company s management has used reasonable
efforts to assess, predict and control costs and expenses. However, the Company only has a limited operating history upon which to base
those efforts. Implementing our business plan may require more employees, capital equipment, supplies or other expenditure items than
management has predicted. Likewise, the cost of compensating employees and consultants or other operating costs may be higher than management s
estimates, which could lead to sustained losses. 

12 

We expect our quarterly financial results
to fluctuate. 

We expect our net sales and operating results
to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including changes in: 

Demand for our products; 

Our ability to obtain and retain existing customers or encourage repeat
 purchases; 

Our ability to manage our product inventory; 

General economic conditions, both domestically and in foreign markets; 

Advertising and other marketing costs; and 

Costs of creating and expanding product lines. 

As a result of the variability of these and other
factors, our operating results in future quarters may be below the expectations of our stockholders. 

Cybersecurity breaches of our IT systems could
degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our customers, delay our ability to recognize
revenue, compromise the integrity of our software programs, result in significant data losses and the theft of our intellectual property,
damage our reputation, expose us to liability to third parties and require us to incur significant additional costs to maintain the security
of our networks and data. 

We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to
conduct virtually all of our business operations, ranging from our internal operations and product development activities to our marketing
and sales efforts and communications with our customers and business partners. Computer programmers may attempt to penetrate our network
security, or that of our website, and misappropriate our proprietary information or cause interruptions of our service. Because the techniques
used by such computer programmers to access or sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a
target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications
that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including bugs and other problems
that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. We have also outsourced a number of our business functions to third-party
contractors, and our business operations also depend, in part, on the success of our contractors own cybersecurity measures. Similarly,
we rely upon distributors, resellers and system integrators to sell our products and our sales operations depend, in part, on the reliability
of their cybersecurity measures. Additionally, we depend upon our employees to appropriately handle confidential data and deploy our
IT resources in a safe and secure fashion that does not expose our network systems to security breaches and the loss of data. Accordingly,
if our cybersecurity systems and those of our contractors fail to protect against unauthorized access, sophisticated cyberattacks and
the mishandling of data by our employees and contractors, our ability to conduct our business effectively could be damaged. 

The market for CBD products is highly competitive
and the Company faces substantial competition. If we are unable to compete effectively in the market, our business and operating results
could be materially and adversely affected. 

The industrial hemp cultivation and derivative
products industry is relatively new and rapidly evolving. While we believe that the industry is fragmented at the present time, there
are numerous competitors, including Green Roads, Charlotte s Webb, Folium Biosciences, Mary s Nutritional and CV Sciences,
some of whom are larger and more well-established with a longer operating history and greater financial resources than does the Company.
Moreover, we may also face competition with larger firms in consumer products manufacturing and distribution industry, who elect to enter
the market given the relatively low barriers to entry. The Company believes that it competes effectively with its competitors because
of its vertical integration through the cultivation, extraction, formulation, manufacturing and distribution processes, the quality of
its products and customer service. However, no assurance can be given that the Company will effectively compete with its existing or
future competitors. In addition, competition may drive the prices of our products down, which may have a materially adverse effect on
our business. 

Given the rapid changes affecting the global,
national and regional economies generally, and the CBD industry specifically, the Company may experience difficulties in further establishing
and maintaining a competitive advantage in the marketplace. The Company s success will depend on our ability to keep pace with
any changes in such markets, especially legal and regulatory changes. Our success will depend on our ability to respond to, among other
things, changes in the economy, market conditions and competitive pressures. Any failure to anticipate or respond adequately to such
changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

Our failure to appropriately and timely respond
to changing consumer preferences and demand for new products and services could significantly harm our customer relationships and have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is subject to changing consumer
trends and preferences. Our failure to accurately predict or react to these trends could negatively impact consumer opinion of us as
a source for the latest products, which in turn could harm our customer relationships and cause us to lose market share. The success
of our product offerings depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

Anticipate customer needs; 

Innovate and develop new products; 

Successfully introduce new products in a timely manner; 

Price our products competitively with retail and online competitors; 

Deliver our products in sufficient volumes and in a timely manner;
 and 

Differentiate our product offerings from those of our competitors. 

If we do not introduce new products or make enhancements
to meet the changing needs of our customers in a timely manner, some of our products could be rendered obsolete, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Recent turnover with our executive officers
and board of directors may disrupt our operations, our strategic focus or our ability to drive stockholder value. 

There have been significant changes to our executive
officers and board of directors since May 2021 as previously reported in our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed May 12, 2021, August 12,
2021, June 3, 2022, July 5, 2022, July 28, 2022, November 14, 2022 and December 12, 2022, which includes the following: (1) on May 12,
2021, in accordance with the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 12, 2021 with the Wit Trust, an existing stockholder,
and the sale to the Wit Trust of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (i) Bao T. Doan and
Marc J. Horowitz stepped down from the board of directors, (ii) Alexander M. Salgado stepped down as Chief Executive Officer and a director
of the Company, (iii) Michael Pelletier stepped down as an employee of the Company, except pursuant to a consulting agreement entered
into with Mr. Pelletier on the same date, he continued to serve as Chief Financial Officer until August 11, 2021, (iv) Stephen E. Johnson Mr. Johnson ), Dr. van der Post and Craig Fabel Mr. Fabel were elected and appointed as directors on the
board of directors, (v) Thomas E. Vickers (Mr. Vickers ), an incumbent director, was appointed as Chairperson of the Board, (vi)
Mr. Johnson was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, and (vii) Ramon A. Pino was appointed as Executive
Vice President of Finance, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, and who was subsequently appointed as Chief Financial Officer on August
11, 2021; (2) on June 1, 2022, Kristen High Ms. High was elected and appointed as a director on the board of directors;
(3) on June 30, 2022, Dave Smith, the Company s COO, resigned; (4) on July 25, 2022, (i) Mr. Johnson stepped down as Chief Executive
Officer, President and a director, and (ii) Alessandro M. Annoscia Mr. Annoscia was appointed as Chief Executive Officer,
President and a director on the board of directors, (5) on November 7, 2022, (i) Mr. Annoscia stepped down as Chief Executive Officer,
President, and a director, and (ii) Mr. Vickers was appointed interim Chief Executive Officer and interim President, and (6) on December
8, 2022, (i) Kellie Newton, Mr. Fabel, and Ms. High were removed as directors on the board of directors, and (ii) Gary A. Shangold was
elected and appointed as a director on the board of directors. Turnover among our executive officers and board of directors may disrupt
our operations, our strategic focus or our ability to drive stockholder value, and could have a material adverse effect on our operations,
business and financial condition. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and the loss of any of such individuals could have an adverse effect on the Company. 

There have been significant changes to our executive
officers and board of directors since May 2021 as described in the previous risk factor Recent turnover with our executive officers
and board of directors may disrupt our operations, our strategic focus or our ability to drive stockholder value. Our
success depends in large part upon the efforts of Mr. Vickers, our interim Chief Executive Officer and interim President and Mr. Pino,
our Chief Financial Officer. While we are party to an employment agreement with Mr. Pino, we do not have an agreement with Mr. Vickers
nor is Mr. Vickers receiving any compensation for his services as interim Chief Executive Officer and interim President. In addition,
 we do not currently maintain key man life insurance on any of our executive officers.
Accordingly, the loss of the services of any of our executive officers, could potentially have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

The Company s success will be dependent
in part upon its ability to attract qualified personnel and consultants. 

The Company s success will be dependent
in part upon its ability to attract qualified management, including a permanent Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating
Officer, operational, administrative, product development and marketing and sales personnel and consultants. The inability to do so on
favorable terms may harm the Company s proposed business. 

Increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of materials,
including raw materials could harm our business. 

The Company may experience increases in the cost
or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of materials needed for the growing and production of its products. Any such an
increase or supply interruption could materially negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.
We use various materials, including raw materials, in our business. The prices for these materials fluctuate depending on market conditions
and global demand for these materials and could adversely affect our business and operating results. Substantial increases in the prices
for our materials increase our operating costs, and could reduce our margins if we cannot recoup the increased costs through increased
prices for our products and services. 

14 

Natural elements and adverse weather events
can disrupt our business. 

Our business involves the growing of hemp, an
agricultural product. Such business will be subject to the risks inherent in the agricultural business, such as insects, plant diseases
and similar agricultural risks. Further, to the extent that our products are grown outside, we are subject to weather and climate conditions.
Extended cold streaks, rain or snow, or generally cold weather or adverse climate conditions, could materially adversely affect our hemp
plants. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that natural elements will not have a material adverse effect on any future production
of our products. 

There is limited availability of clinical
studies regarding industrial hemp-based products. 

Although hemp plants have a long history of human
consumption, there is little long-term experience with human consumption of certain of these innovative product ingredients or combinations
thereof in concentrated form. Although the Company performs research and/or tests the formulation and production of its products, there
is limited clinical data regarding the safety and benefits of ingesting industrial hemp-based products. Any instance of illness or negative
side effects of ingesting industrial hemp-based products would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

We do not have any business interruption insurance,
and this may cause us to be unable to continue as a going concern if there is an interruption to our business. 

There are a variety of things that may cause
an interruption in our business, such as weather events. We do not carry business interruption insurance, which means that if our business
is interrupted, we could be unable to produce, develop and market our products, and could lose substantial revenue and cash flow, materially
harming our business, operations, and financial results. 

We depend upon our trademarks and proprietary
rights, and any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any claims that we are infringing upon the rights of others may
adversely affect our competitive position. 

Our commercial success depends, in large part,
on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our current and future brands (including Veritas Farms ), our proprietary formulations
and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. Our ability to successfully implement our business plan depends on our ability
to build and maintain brand recognition using trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other intellectual property. We cannot be sure
that trademarks will be issued with respect to any future trademark applications or that our competitors will not challenge, invalidate
or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to us. We may rely on trade secret, trademark, patent and copyright laws, and
confidentiality and other agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. The steps we have
taken and the steps we will take to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to preclude misappropriation of our proprietary
information or infringement of our intellectual property rights. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are unsuccessful
or inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be harmed,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and prevent our brands from achieving or maintaining market
acceptance. Protecting against unauthorized use of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may be expensive, difficult
and in some cases not possible. In some cases, it may be difficult or impossible to detect third-party infringement or misappropriation
of our intellectual property rights, and proving any such infringement may be even more difficult. 

The Company may experience difficulty opening or maintaining bank
accounts. 

Because the use, sale and distribution of cannabis
remains illegal under federal law, many banks will not accept deposits from or provide other bank services to businesses involved with
cannabis. Consequently, those businesses involved in the cannabis industry continue to encounter difficulty establishing banking relationships,
which may increase over time. Our inability to maintain our current bank accounts would make it difficult for us to operate our business,
increase our operating costs, and pose additional operational, logistical and security challenges and could result in our inability to
implement our business plan. Furthermore, the inability to open bank accounts may make it difficult for our existing and potential customers
to operate and may make it difficult for them to contract with us. 

15 

Laws and regulations affecting the CBD industry
are evolving under the Farm Bill, and changes to applicable regulations may materially affect our future operations in the CBD market. 

The CBD used by the Company is derived from hemp
as defined in the Farm Bill and codified at 7 USC 1639o means the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of that plant, including
the seeds thereof and all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with
a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. The cannabis sativa plant and
its derivatives may also be deemed marijuana, depending on certain factors. Marijuana is a Schedule I controlled substance
and is defined in the Federal Controlled Substances Act CSA at 21 USC Section 802(16) as all parts of the plant
Cannabis sativa L., whether growing or not; the seeds thereof; the resin extracted from any part of such plant; and every compound, manufacture,
salt, derivative, mixture, or preparation of such plant, its seeds or resin. Exemptions to that definition provided in 21 USC
Section 802(16) include the mature stalks of such plant, fiber produced from such stalks, oil or cake made from the seeds of such
plant, any other compound, manufacture, salt, derivative, mixture, or preparation of such mature stalks (except the resin extracted therefrom),
fiber, oil, or cake, or the sterilized seed of such plant which is incapable of germination or hemp as defined in 7 USC 1639o. 

Substances meeting the definition of hemp in
the Farm Bill and 7 USC 1639o may be used in clinical studies and research through an Investigational New Drug IND application
with the FDA. Substances scheduled as controlled substances, like marijuana, require more rigorous regulation, including interaction
with several agencies including the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA ), and the National Institute on
Drug Abuse within the National Institutes of Health NIH ). 

Accordingly, if the CBD used by the Company is
deemed marijuana and, therefore, a Schedule I controlled substance, the Company could be subject to significant additional regulation,
as well as enforcement actions and penalties pertaining to the CSA, and any resulting liability could require the Company to modify or
cease its operations. 

Furthermore, in conjunction with the Farm Bill,
the FDA released a statement about the status of CBD as a nutritional supplement, noting that the Farm Bill explicitly preserved the
FDA s authority to regulate products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act FDCA and Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. Any difficulties we experience in complying with existing
and/or new government regulation could increase our operating costs and adversely impact our results of operations in future periods.
The FDA has issued guidance titled FDA Regulation of Cannabis and Cannabis-Derived Products, Including Cannabidiol (CBD) 
pursuant to which the FDA has taken the position that CBD is prohibited from use as an ingredient in a food or beverage or as a dietary
ingredient in or as a dietary supplement based on several provisions of the FDCA. In the definition of dietary supplement 
found in the FDCA at 21 USC 321(ff), an article authorized for investigation as a new drug, antibiotic, or biological for which substantial
clinical investigations have been instituted and for which the existence of such investigations has been made public, is excluded from
the definition of dietary supplement. A similar provision in the FDCA at 21 USC 331(ll) makes it a prohibited act to introduce or deliver
into commerce any food with a substance that was investigated as a new drug prior to being included in a food. There are no similar exclusions
for the use of CBD in non-drug topical products, as long as such products otherwise comply with applicable laws. The FDA created a task
force to address the further regulation of CBD and other cannabis-derived products and is currently evaluating the applicable science
and pathways for regulating CBD and other cannabis-derived ingredients. 

As a result of the Farm Bill s recent passage,
we expect that there will be a constant evolution of laws and regulations affecting the CBD industry which could affect the Company s
plan of operations. Local, state and federal hemp laws and regulations may be broad in scope and subject to changing interpretations.
These changes may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal compliance and may ultimately require us to alter our business
plan. Furthermore, violations of these laws, or alleged violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect
on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, and it is possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. 

16 

Changes to state laws pertaining to industrial
hemp could slow the use of industrial hemp, which could impact our revenues in future periods. Approximately 40 states have authorized
industrial hemp programs pursuant to the Farm Bill. Additionally, various states have enacted state-specific laws pertaining to the handling,
manufacturing, labeling, and sale of CBD and other hemp products. Compliance with state-specific laws and regulations could impact our
operations in those specific states. Continued development of the industrial hemp industry will be dependent upon new legislative authorization
of industrial hemp at the state level, and further amendment or supplementation of legislation at the federal level. Any number of events
or occurrences could slow or halt progress all together in this space. While progress within the industrial hemp industry is currently
encouraging, growth is not assured, and while there appears to be ample public support for favorable legislative action, numerous factors
may impact or negatively affect the legislative process(es) within the various states where we have business interests. 

Our business is subject to compliance with
government regulation, and the failure and costs associated therewith to comply with present and future government regulation could harm
our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, could put us out of business and could cause you to lose your
entire investment. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local,
and foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to: 

the production of our products; 

environmental protection; 

interstate commerce and taxation; and 

workplace and safety conditions, minimum wage and other labor requirements. 

The Farm Bill, along with the Agricultural Act
of 2014, the corresponding Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016 provisions (as extended by resolution into 2018) and Colorado s
Industrial Hemp Regulatory Program and related state law, provide for the cultivation of hemp, and processing and manufacturing of hemp
products, as part of agricultural pilot programs and/or state plans adopted by individual states, including Colorado (pursuant to which
we operate). The uncertainty of conflicting interpretations of these legislative authorities, as they relate to: (a) the CSA s
provisions relating to the possession, cultivation, processing or other handling of marijuana or (b) the FDCA s provisions
relating to the permissibility of hemp-derived ingredients in finished consumer goods and products presents a substantial risk to the
success and ongoing viability of the Company and the hemp industry in general. The uncertainty is a deterrent to investment in cannabis
related businesses, securing channels of distribution and obtaining banking, payment processing services, transfer agent, clearing, and
other financial services. Investors face uncertainty in the ability to deposit and clear the securities offered herein. 

New legislation or regulations
may be introduced at either the federal and/or state level which, if passed, would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on
the manufacture, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution and sale of hemp-derived products. New legislation or regulations
may require the reformulation, elimination or relabeling of certain products to meet new standards and revisions to certain sales and
marketing materials, and it is possible that the costs of complying with these new regulatory requirements could be material. 

The FDA, FTC and their state-level equivalents,
possess broad authority to enforce the provisions of federal and state law, respectively, applicable to consumer products and safeguards
as such relate to foods, dietary supplements and cosmetics, including powers to issue a public warning or notice of violation letter
to a company, publicize information about illegal products, detain products intended for import or export (in conjunction with U.S. Customs
and Border Protection) or otherwise deemed illegal, request a recall of illegal products from the market, and request the Department
of Justice, or the state-level equivalent, to initiate a seizure action, an injunction action, or a criminal prosecution in the U.S.
or respective state courts. The initiation of any regulatory action towards industrial hemp or hemp derivatives by the FDA, FTC or any
other related federal or state agency, would result in greater legal cost to the Company, may result in substantial financial penalties
and enjoinment from certain business-related activities, and if such actions were publicly reported, they may have a materially adverse
effect on the Company, its business and its results of operations. 

17 

Unfavorable interpretations of laws governing
hemp processing activities could subject us to enforcement or other legal proceedings and limit our business and prospects. 

There are no express protections in the United
States under applicable federal or state law for possessing or processing hemp biomass derived from lawful hemp not exceeding 0.3 THC
on a dry weight basis and intended for use in finished product, but that may temporarily exceed 0.3 THC during the interim processing
stages. While it is a common occurrence for hemp biomass to have variance in THC content during interim processing stages after cultivation
but prior to use in finished products, there is risk that state or federal regulators or law enforcement could take the position that
such hemp biomass is a Schedule I controlled substance in violation of the CSA and similar state laws. In the event that the Company s
operations are deemed to violate any laws, the Company could be subject to enforcement actions and penalties, and any resulting liability
could cause the Company to modify or cease its operations. 

Costs associated with compliance with various
laws and regulations could impact our financial results. 

The manufacture, labeling and distribution of
CBD products is regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. These governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal
proceedings, which could restrict our ability to market CBD based products in the future. The FDA may regulate our products to ensure
that the products are not adulterated or misbranded. We may also be subject to regulation by other federal, state and local agencies
with respect to our CBD based products. Our advertising activities are subject to regulation by the FTC under the Federal Trade Commission
Act. In recent years, the FTC and state attorneys general have initiated numerous investigations of dietary and nutritional supplement
companies and products. Any actions or investigations initiated against the Company by governmental authorities or private litigants
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any actions or investigations initiated
against the Company by governmental authorities or private litigants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The shifting regulatory environment necessitates
building and maintaining of robust systems to achieve and maintain compliance in multiple jurisdictions and increases the possibility
that we may violate one or more of the legal requirements applicable to our business and products. If our operations are found to be
in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal
penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, injunctions, or product withdrawals, recalls or seizures,
any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our financial condition and results of operations. 

Uncertainty caused by potential changes to
legal regulations could impact the use and acceptance of CBD products. 

There is substantial uncertainty and differing
interpretations and opinions among federal, state and local regulatory agencies, legislators, academics and businesses as to the scope
of operation of Farm Bill-compliant hemp programs relative to the emerging regulation of cannabinoids and the CSA. These different opinions
include, but are not limited to, the regulation of cannabinoids by the DEA and/or the FDA, and the extent to which manufacturers of products
containing Farm Bill-compliant cultivators and processors may engage in interstate commerce. The existing uncertainties in the CBD regulatory
landscape in the United States cannot be resolved without further federal, and perhaps state-level, legislation and regulation or a definitive
judicial interpretation of existing laws and regulations. If these uncertainties are not resolved in the near future or are resolved
in a manner inconsistent with our business plan, such uncertainties may have an adverse effect upon our plan of operations and the introduction
of our CBD-based products in different markets. 

If we fail to obtain necessary permits, licenses
and approvals under applicable laws and regulations, our business and plan of operations may be adversely impacted. 

We may be required to obtain and maintain certain
permits, licenses and regulatory approvals in the jurisdictions where we sell or plan to sell our products. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain or maintain any necessary licenses, permits or approvals. Any material delay in obtaining, or inability
to obtain, such licenses, permits and approvals is likely to delay and/or inhibit our ability to carry out our plan of operations, and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Our and our independent distributors 
failure to comply with applicable advertising laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial conditions and results of operations. 

The advertisement of our products is subject
to extensive regulations in the markets in which we do business. We and our independent distributors may fail to comply with such regulations
governing the advertising of our products. We cannot ensure that all marketing materials used by us and our independent distributors
will comply with applicable regulations, including bans on false or misleading product claims. If we or our independent distributors
fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could be subjected to claims of false advertising, misrepresentation, significant financial
penalties, and/or costly mandatory product recalls and relabeling requirements with respect to our products, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may seek to grow
our business through key joint ventures, partnerships, and strategic alliances, including acquisitions of, or investments in, new or complementary
businesses, facilities, technologies, offerings, or products, and the failure to manage these strategic alliances, or to integrate them
with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

In the future we intend
to consider opportunities in key joint ventures, partnerships, and strategic alliances, and or acquire or make investments in new or complementary
businesses, facilities, technologies, offerings, or products, which may enhance our capabilities, complement our current products or expand
the breadth of our markets. Strategic alliances and or acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: 

we may find that the joint venture,
partnership, and strategic alliance do not improve our financial and/or strategic position as planned; 

problems integrating the strategic
business alliance and or acquired business, including issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

unanticipated costs associated with strategic business alliances and or acquisitions; 

diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 

risks associated with entering new markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 

the risks associated with businesses
we acquire, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face; 

potential unknown liabilities associated with a strategic business alliance and or business we acquire; and 

increased legal and accounting costs. 

Our ability to successfully
grow through strategic transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable target businesses,
facilities, technologies, products and services. These efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and may disrupt our ongoing business
and prevent management from focusing on our operations. As a result of future strategic transactions, we might need to issue additional
equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt (which may only be available on unfavorable terms, if at all) or contingent liabilities,
any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. If we are unable to identify suitable strategic relationships, or if
we are unable to integrate any acquired businesses, facilities, technologies, offerings and products effectively, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Also, while we intend to employ several different methodologies
to assess potential business opportunities, the new business opportunities may not meet or exceed our expectations or desired objectives. 

We are and plan to continue to be subject
to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that requires us to incur audit fees and legal fees in
connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit. 

We are and plan to continue to be required to
file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To comply with
these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm has to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and
audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel has to review and assist in the preparation of such reports.
The incurrence of such costs is an expense to our operations, may increase as the Company grows and therefore have a negative effect
on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud,
our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading
price of our common stock, if an active market ever develops, could drop significantly. 

Our internal controls are inadequate, which
could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officers
and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

19 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements. 

Our executive officers have identified two material
weaknesses that have caused management to conclude that, as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal
control over financial reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting and or disclosure controls and procedures such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. As described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, the identified material weaknesses at December 31, 2022 relate to
the following: 

We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies
 and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our
 assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material
 weakness. 

We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions,
 which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and
 may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the
 recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation
 of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted
 represented a material weakness. 

The Jobs Act and the Company s designation
as a smaller reporting company under the Exchange Act has reduced the information that the Company is required to disclose,
which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Under the Jobs Act, the information that the
Company is required to disclose has been reduced in a number of ways. 

Before the adoption of the Jobs Act, the Company
was required to register the common stock under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the last day of the first fiscal year in which
the Company had total assets exceeding 1,000,000 and 500 record holders of the common stock; the Jobs Act has changed this requirement
such that the Company must register the common stock under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the last day of the first fiscal year
in which the Company has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 and 2,000 record holders or 500 record holders who are not Accredited
Investors. As a result, the Company is now required to register the common stock under the Exchange Act substantially later than
previously. 

20 

Since the Company is not required, among other
things, to file reports under Section 13 of the Exchange Act or to comply with the proxy requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange Act
until such registration occurs or to comply with certain provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act and certain provisions
and reporting requirements of or under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the Company s officers, directors and 10 stockholders
are not required to file reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act until such registration occurs, the Jobs Act has had the effect
of reducing the amount of information that the Company and its officers, directors and 10 stockholders are required to provide for the
foreseeable future. 

In addition, the Company is a smaller
reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. A smaller reporting company is generally defined as a company
with less than 250 million of public float or a company with less than 100 million in annual revenues and either no public float or
a public float that is less than 700 million. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide certain information in
our SEC reports as is otherwise required by larger companies. Accordingly, the Company is not required, among other things, to provide
information in its SEC reports as to risk factors , selected financial data , supplementary financial
information , quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk , only two-year MD A comparison
rather than three-year comparison , compensation discussion and analysis , grants of plan-based awards table ,
 option exercises and stock vested table , pension benefits table , nonqualified deferred compensation
table , disclosure of compensation policies and practices related to risk management , pay ratio disclosure ,
 compensation committee report , description of policies/procedures for the review, approval or ratification of related
party transactions , or auditor s attestation of management s assessment of internal control over financial
reporting . We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our
shares of common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of our second fiscal quarter ending June 30th of each
year, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our shares of common
stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of our second fiscal quarter ending June 30th of each year. For as long
as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we expect that we will take advantage of the reduced disclosure obligations available
to us as a result of this classification. We also expect that we will remain a smaller reporting company for the foreseeable future,
and we could retain our smaller reporting company status indefinitely depending on the size of our revenues and public float. 

As a result of such reduced disclosure, the price
for the common stock may be adversely affected, if an active market ever develops. 

Public companies are subject to risks relating
to securities fraud and derivative lawsuits, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial results. 

As a publicly traded company, we are subject
to state and federal securities laws. There is a risk that we may be subject to lawsuits that allege that we have violated such laws.
Such a lawsuit would cause us to incur significant legal fees and could take up significant time of our executive officers and directors.
We may be unable to defend or settle such an action, causing a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial results. 

Such allegations could materially harm our reputation
among investors and damage our ability to raise funds, issue securities, or remain liquid. It may reduce trading volume and cause a significant
decline in the market price of our shares of common stock, damaging your ability to sell the shares of common stock. 

21 

Trading on the OTCQB may be volatile and sporadic,
which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares. Moreover,
there is only a limited trading market for our common stock and we cannot guarantee the existence of an active established public trading
market for our shares of common stock. 

Our shares of common stock are currently quoted
on the OTCQB market tier of the over-the-counter market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTC Markets ). Trading in stock
quoted on the OTCQB is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little
to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our shares of common stock for reasons
unrelated to operating performance. Accordingly, OTCQB may provide less liquidity for holders of our shares of common stock than a national
securities exchange such as the Nasdaq Stock Market. Moreover, there is a limited trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict
the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active trading market or how liquid that trading market
might become. If a liquid trading market does not develop or is not sustained, investors may find it difficult to dispose of shares of
our common stock and may suffer a loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment in our common stock. 

Market prices for our shares of common stock
may also be influenced by a number of other factors, including: 

the issuance of new equity securities pursuant to a public or private
 offering; 

changes in interest rates; 

competitive developments, including announcements by competitors of
 new products or services or significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

variations in quarterly operating results; 

change in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

the depth and liquidity of the market for our shares; 

investor perceptions of the Company and its industry generally; and 

general economic and other national conditions. 

All of the foregoing factors may limit the ability
of an investor to liquidate their investment in our common stock. There is no assurance that we can successfully develop or maintain
an active established trading market for our shares of common stock. Accordingly, investors should be prepared to hold the securities
for an indefinite period of time. 

Trading and listing of securities of cannabis related businesses,
including our common stock, may be subject to restrictions. 

In the United States, many clearing houses for
major broker-dealer firms, including Pershing LLC, the largest clearing, custody and settlement firm in the United States, have refused
to handle securities or settle transactions of companies engaged in cannabis related business. This means that certain broker-dealers
cannot accept for deposit or settle transactions in the securities of cannabis related businesses. Further, stock exchanges in the United
States, including Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange, have historically refused to list certain cannabis related businesses, including
cannabis retailers, that operate primarily in the United States. Our existing operations, and any future operations or investments, may
become the subject of heightened scrutiny by clearing houses and stock exchanges, in addition to regulators and other authorities in
the United States. Any existing or future restrictions imposed by Pershing LLC, or any other applicable clearing house, stock exchange
or other authority, on trading in our common stock could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity of our common stock. 

Were our common stock to be considered penny stock, and therefore
become subject to the penny stock rules, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock. 

Broker-dealers are generally prohibited from
effecting transactions in penny stocks unless they comply with the requirements of Section 15(h) of the Exchange
Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. These rules apply to the stock of companies whose shares are not traded on a national
stock exchange, trade at less than 5.00 per share or who do not meet certain other financial requirements specified by the SEC. Trades
in our common stock are subject to these rules, which include Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, which imposes certain requirements
on broker/dealers who sell securities subject to the rule to persons other than established customers and accredited investors.
For transactions covered by the rule, brokers/dealers must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for purchasers of the securities and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior to sale. 

22 

The penny stock rules also require a broker/dealer,
prior to effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document
prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. A broker/dealer
also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the relevant penny stock and information on the compensation
of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the transaction. A broker/dealer must also provide monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in a customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson
compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to
the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. 

Our securities have in the past constituted penny stock within
the meaning of the rules. The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers may discourage such
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares
and impede their sale in the secondary market. 

Our directors with the consent of the majority
of the holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock have the right to authorize the issuance of shares of our preferred stock
and additional shares of our common stock. 

Our directors, within the limitations and restrictions
contained in our articles of incorporation, with the consent of the majority of the holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
and under certain circumstances with the consent of the majority of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and without
further action by the holders of our common stock, have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or
more series and to fix the number of shares and the relative rights, conversion rights, voting rights, and terms of redemption, liquidation
preferences and any other preferences, special rights and qualifications of any such series. While we have no intention of issuing additional
shares of preferred stock at the present time, we continue to seek to raise capital through the sale of our securities and may issue
shares of preferred stock in connection with a particular investment. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect
the rights of holders of our common stock. 

The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock issued in May 2021 provide super-voting rights that resulted in a change of control of the Company. 

Each outstanding share of the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock of the Company entitles the holder to 250 votes at any meeting of our stockholders, for an aggregate of 250,000,000 votes,
and such shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will vote together with the common stockholders. As a result of the change in
control, the holder of the Series B Convertible Preferred Shares could vote the shares in a manner that could be contrary to the interests
of the holders of our common stock. All shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are owned by the Wit Trust. 

The Cornelis F. Wit Revocable Living Trust
controls approximately 88 of our outstanding voting securities. This concentration of ownership may have an effect on matters requiring
the approval of our stockholders, including transactions that are otherwise favorable to our common stockholders. 

As of the date of filing this report, the Wit
Trust Wit Trust owned approximately 88 of our outstanding voting securities. As a result of this majority ownership of voting securities,
the Wit Trust has the ability to exert substantial control over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders and our board of directors,
including the election and removal of directors, any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets
and other significant corporate transactions, and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control and may make some transactions more
difficult or impossible to complete without the support of the Wit Trust, regardless of the impact of such transaction on our other stockholders.
This concentration of control could be disadvantageous to other stockholders with interests different from those of the Wit Trust. 

We do not expect to pay cash dividends in
the foreseeable future and any return to investors is expected to result, if at all, only from potential increases in the price of our
common stock, and; in respect of rights to the payment of dividends, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock rank senior to the common stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our shares of common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment
of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our board
of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your investment, if any,
will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our shares of common stock. Further, in respect of rights to the payment
of dividends, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock rank senior to the common stock and any
other class or series of stock of the Company. 

23 

The market overhang from options,
warrants, preferred stock and convertible securities could adversely impact the market price of our common stock. 

The market overhang from options, warrants, preferred
stock and convertible securities could adversely impact the market price of our common stock as a result of the dilution which would result
if such securities were exercised for or converted into common stock. As of the date of filing this report, there were 41,625,331 shares
of our common stock outstanding. In addition, the Company has issued and outstanding (i) 4,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, each share convertible into 20 shares of common stock for an aggregate of 80,000,000 shares of common stock, (ii) 1,000,000 shares
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, each share convertible into 5 shares of common stock for an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of
common stock, and (iii) options, warrants and other securities exercisable for or convertible into 68,555,270 shares of common stock.
All outstanding shares of our common stock are eligible for sale in the public market under applicable federal securities laws, subject
in certain cases to the requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, and shares issued upon the exercise or conversion of outstanding
options, warrants, preferred stock or other convertible securities may also be eligible for sale in the public market, to the extent permitted
by Rule 144 or other applicable securities laws and the provisions of the applicable option, warrant, preferred stock and convertible
securities agreements. If these shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they may be sold, in the public market, the trading price
of our common stock could fall. 

Future issuances of our common stock or rights
to purchase our common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution to the percentage
ownership of our stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

We have historically funded our operations in
large part with proceeds from equity and convertible debt financings, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. If we sell common
stock or other equity or convertible debt securities in the future, our then-existing stockholders could be materially diluted by such
issuances and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock, which could cause
the price of our common stock to decline. 

We may seek to grow our business through
key joint ventures, partnerships, and strategic alliances, including acquisitions of, or investments in, new or complementary businesses,
facilities, technologies, offerings, or products, and the failure to manage these strategic alliances, or to integrate them with our
existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

In the future we intend to consider opportunities
in key joint ventures, partnerships, and strategic alliances, and or acquire or make investments in new or complementary businesses,
facilities, technologies, offerings, or products, which may enhance our capabilities, complement our current products or expand the breadth
of our markets. Strategic alliances and or acquisitions involve nume rous
risks, including: 

we
 may find that the joint venture, partnership, and strategic alliance do not improve our financial
 and/or strategic position as planned; 

problems
 integrating the strategic business alliance and or acquired business, including issues maintaining
 uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

unanticipated
 costs associated with strategic business alliances and or acquisitions; 

diversion
 of management s attention from our existing business; 

risks
 associated with entering new markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 

the
 risks associated with businesses we acquire, which may differ from or be more significant
 than the risks our other businesses face; 

potential
 unknown liabilities associated with a strategic business alliance and or business we acquire;
 and 

increased
 legal and accounting costs. 

Our
ability to successfully grow through strat egic transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate
suitable target businesses, facilities, technologies, products and services. These efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and
may disrupt our ongoing business and prevent management from focusing on our operations. As a result of future strategic transactions,
we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt (which may only be available on unfavorable terms,
if at all) or contingent liabilities, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. If we are unable to identify
suitable strategic relationships, or if we are unable to integrate any acquired businesses, facilities, technologies, offerings and products
effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Also, while we
intend to employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new business opportunities may not meet
or exceed our expectations or desired objectives. 

24 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company owns its 140-acre cultivation and
production facility located at 8648 Lake Davis Road, Pueblo, Colorado. 

Our executive and sales offices are currently
located at 401 E. Las Olas Boulevard Suite 1400, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. 

Our warehouse and distribution facilities are
located in approximately 12,240 square feet of space at 1325 Cheyenne Ave., Pueblo, CO 81003. This space is leased from a non-affiliated
party at a rental of approximately 5,100 per month pursuant to a three-year lease expiring in February 2024. 

We believe these facilities and additional or
alternative space available to us will be adequate to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

There is no material legal proceeding, arbitration
or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. From time to
time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

25 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB market
tier of the OTC Markets electronic quotation system under the symbol VFRM . Currently the market for our common
stock is extremely limited. We can provide no assurance that our common stock will continue to be traded on the OTCQB or another OTC
Markets tier or an exchange, or if traded, that a meaningful, consistent and liquid market for our common stock will be sustainable. 

Holders of our Common Stock 

As of April 14, 2023, we had 41,625,331 shares of common stock outstanding
and 188 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

The payment by us of dividends, if any, in the
future rests within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements
and financial condition, as well as other relevant factors. We have not paid any dividends since our inception and we do not intend to
pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but intend to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business. There can be no
assurance that cash dividends of any kind will ever be paid. 

Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Company s
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the Preferred Shares ), the
Company is prohibited from declaring and paying dividends on the Company s common stock until all accrued and unpaid dividends
are paid on such Preferred Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the accrued and unpaid dividends on the Preferred Shares were 595,830. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

COVID-19 and Other Macroeconomic Factors 

The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact
around the world and has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. It prompted governments and businesses
to take unprecedented measures in response. While economies of various countries have rebounded from the global Covid-19 economic shutdown
that began in the late first quarter and early second quarter of calendar year 2020, the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic continued, to
varying degrees, in 2022 and continues, to varying degrees, in 2023 due to mounting inflationary cost pressures and potential recession
indicators that have now negatively impacted the global economy. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and macroeconomic
environment and take appropriate steps to mitigate the impact on our business, employees and financial condition; however, the nature
and extent of this impact in future periods remains difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties outside our control. 

26 

Results of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues. We had net sales for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of 1,063,105, as compared to 2,906,425 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease reflects a significant
contraction of retail sales in 2022 from 2021, primarily as a result of increased competition and decreased acceptance in big box retail
leading to reduced inventory turnover. Sales include bulk oils for wholesale, capsules, gummies, tinctures, lotions, salves, creams, balm
sticks, lip balms and pet chews, all in various potency levels and flavors. We co-package in addition to marketing our own Veritas Farms
brand product line. 

Cost of Sales. All expenses incurred to
grow, process, and package the finished goods are included in our cost of sales. Cost of sales decreased to 2,446,271 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from 4,108,133 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of a reduced inventory write down which
occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31,2021 in addition to reduced cost of goods sold
related to the reduction in sales. We had gross (expense) of 1,383,166) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to gross (expense)
of 1,201,708) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Expenses. Selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased to 4,081,321 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 6,125,366 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting
the significant reduction in marketing expenses, as well as the reduction in the number of employees during the year ended December 31,
2022 in addition to a significant reduction in our research and development. Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist
of administrative personnel costs, facilities expenses, professional fee expenses and marketing costs for our Veritas Farms brand products. 

Interest expense was 53,680 during the
year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 86,645 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense incurred to related parties
was 432,052 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 65,650 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Included in interest
expense for both periods is the accretion of discounts recorded related to financial instrument derivatives that were deemed a part of
the financings that we entered into. 

Net (Loss). As a result of the decrease
in operating, marketing and public company expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, net loss for the year ended December
31, 2022, decreased to 5,543,908) or 0.13) per share based on 41,625,331 weighted average shares outstanding, from 7,263,567) or 0.17) per share based on 43,377,832 weighted average shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate
adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash. We have historically experienced negative cash flows and have relied on the proceeds
from the sale of debt and equity securities to fund our operations. In addition, we have utilized stock-based compensation as a means
of paying for consulting and salary related expenses. At December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 364,839. 

Cash decreased to 55,273 at December 31, 2022
from 481,763 at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to cash used in operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, total assets were 6,794,471,
as compared to 8,597,840 at December 31, 2021. Assets primarily decreased due to decreases in cash, inventories and property and equipment
assets. 

Total liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were
 7,400,748, as compared to 3,772,555 at December 31, 2021. The increase was due in large part to increases in dividends payable and
convertible notes payable. 

Net cash used in operating activities decreased
to 3,891,956 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 4,755,792 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Results of operations, offset
by decreases in inventories and employee retention credit receivables comprised most of the change. 

Net cash provided by investing activities was
 18,456 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of 80,289 for the year ended December
31, 2021, reflecting a decrease in cash used for the purchase of property and equipment in 2022. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 3,447,010 for year ended
December 31, 2022, primarily attributable to 3,500,000 received from convertible notes payable. This compares to net cash provided by
financing activities of 5,210,151 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

27 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table sets forth our contractual
obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Contractual obligation 
 Payments due by period 

Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 2 Years 
 2 3 Years 
 3+ Years 
 
 Promissory notes (1) 
 153,278 
 6,452 
 3,295 
 3,420 
 140,111 
 
 Convertible notes (1) 
 4,450,000 
 200,000 (2) 
 4,250,000 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease obligations (4) 
 264,182 
 150,052 
 106,174 
 7,956 
 - 
 
 Total 
 4,867,460 
 356,504 
 4,359,469 
 11,376 
 140,111 

(1) 
 Amounts do not include interest to be paid. 

(2) 
 Includes 200,000 of 10 convertible notes payable that matured in October 2022 and are currently in default. 

(3) 
 Includes 4,250,000 of 10 convertible notes payable that mature in October 2024. 

(4) 
 Includes
 office lease obligations for our executive office in Florida and our warehouse facilities in Colorado. 

Sources of Liquidity and Capital Resources;
Debt Obligations 

For the past five years our primary sources of capital to develop and
implement our business plan and expand our operations have been the proceeds from private offerings of our debt and equity securities,
an Economic Injury Disaster Loan, and PPP loans. 

In March 2020, the Company received a 200,000
loan from a single investor, evidenced by a one-year convertible promissory note Convertible Note ). The Convertible Note
bears interest at the rate of ten percent (10 per annum, which accrues and is payable together with principal at maturity. Principal
and accrued interest under the Convertible Note may, at the option of the holder, be converted in its entirety into shares of our common
stock at a conversion price of 0.40 per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and similar recapitalization transactions.
On May 14, 2021, the Company paid 20,000 in accrued interest to the holder, and the Company and the investor extended the maturity date
of the Convertible Note to September 6, 2021. In September 2021, the Company and the investor further extended the maturity date of the
Convertible Note to October 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 we are in default in the payment of principal. This default does not
trigger any other default events for any other notes payable. 

In September 2020, the Company commenced a 4.0
million private offering of up to 8,000,000 Units Units at a price of 0.50 per Unit, which private offering ended April
30, 2021. Each Unit consists of (a) two shares of common stock; and (b) one warrant, entitling the holder to purchase one share of our
common stock at an exercise price of 0.50 at any time through August 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2020, the Company sold 2,080,000 Units
in the private offering for gross proceeds of 1,040,000 with offering costs of 154,965 resulting in net proceeds of 885,035.
From January 1, 2021 through April 30, 2021, the Company sold an additional 200,000 Units for gross proceeds of 100,000 with offering
costs of 13,105 resulting in net proceeds of 86,895. The terms of this offering provided that, if during the one-year period from the
final closing of the offering, the Company undertakes a subsequent private offering of its equity, equity equivalent or debt securities
(a Subsequent Offering ), the investor will be entitled to exchange their Units purchased in the offering for an equivalent
dollar amount of securities sold in the Subsequent Offering (based on the respective offering prices). The Company also entered into
a registration rights agreement with these investors which states, among other things, that the Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement covering, among other things, the resale of all or such portion of
the registrable securities that are not then registered on an effective registration statement. As of December 31, 2021, all Unit holders
converted their Units to Series A Preferred Shares. 

On May 11, 2021, the Company consummated the
issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares to the Wit Trust described under Business Our Background above, which
generated gross proceeds of 2,000,000 (including certain bridge financing previously furnished by the Wit Trust to the Company in April
2021). 

On September 30, 2021, the Company completed
a private offering which commenced on August 5, 2021 of Series A Preferred Shares to certain investors, pursuant to which the Company
sold an aggregate of 2,000,000 Series A Preferred Shares at a purchase price of 1.00 per share 2021 Private Placement in exchange for (i) the payment of 1,860,000 (including 1,644,068.49 principal plus accrued but unpaid interest in bridge financing
provided by certain investors during April, July and August 2021 upon the conversion of the investors secured convertible promissory
notes, and conversion of an account payable); and (ii) the surrender of 280,000 Units. The investors in the 2021 Private Placement included:
Mr. Johnson upon the conversion of 50,000 promissory note; Mr. Pino upon the conversion of 25,000 promissory note; Mr. Vickers upon
conversion of 50,000 promissory note and accounts payable; Dr. van der Post, a member of the Board of Director of the Company, in the
amount of 50,000, and; the Wit Trust, in the amount of 65,931.51 and upon conversion of 1,500,000 secured convertible promissory notes
and 19,068.49 in accrued and unpaid interest. As a result of the 2021 Private Placement and the voting rights accorded the Series A
Preferred Shares and Series B Preferred Shares, the Wit Trust now holds approximately 88 of the voting power of the Company. 

28 

On October 12, 2021, the Company issued a secured convertible credit
line promissory note in the principal amount for up to 1,500,000, which on March 9, 2022 was amended and restated in the principal amount
for up to 3,000,000 (the Secured Convertible Promissory Note ), which Secured Convertible Promissory Note was issued to
the Wit Trust. The Secured Convertible Promissory Note is secured by the Company s assets and contain certain covenants and customary
events of default, the occurrence of which could result in an acceleration of the Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Secured Convertible
Promissory Note is convertible as follows: aggregate loaned principal and accrued interest under the Secured Convertible Promissory Note
may, at the option of the holder, be converted in its entirety into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of 0.05 per share.
The Secured Convertible Promissory Note accrues interest on the aggregate amount loaned at a rate of 10 per annum. All unpaid principal,
together with any then unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable under the Secured Convertible Promissory Note, is due and
payable if not converted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Secured Convertible Promissory Note on the earlier of (i) October
1, 2024, or (ii) following an event of default. As of December 31, 2022, 3,000,000 was outstanding under the Secured Convertible Promissory
Note. 

On August
2, 2022, the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 250,000 to the Wit Trust in exchange
for 250,000. The note carries an interest rate of ten percent (10 per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

On August
17, 2022, the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 250,000 to the Wit Trust in exchange
for 250,000. The note carries an interest rate of ten percent (10 per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

On September
6, 2022, the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 250,000 to the Wit Trust in exchange
for 250,000. The note carries an interest rate of ten percent (10 per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

On October
11, 2022, the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 250,000 to the Wit Trust in exchange
for 250,000. The note carries an interest rate of ten percent (10 per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

On November
16, 2022, the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 250,000 to the Wit Trust in exchange
for 250,000. The note carries an interest rate of ten percent (10 per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared in conformity with GAAP in the United States, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, the
Company has sustained substantial losses from operations since its inception. As of and for the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of 39,474,622) and a net loss of 5,543,908). These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about
the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Continuation as a going concern is dependent on the ability to raise additional
capital and financing until we can achieve a level of operational profitability, though there is no assurance of success. 

The Company believes that it will require additional
financing to fund its growth and achieve profitability. The Company anticipates that such financing will be generated from subsequent
private offerings of its equity and/or debt securities. While we believe additional financing will be available to us as needed, there
can be no assurance that such financing will be available on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise, when needed. Moreover, any such
additional financing may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. The absence of additional financing, when needed, could substantially
harm the Company, its business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Capital Expenditures 

Any amounts expended for capital expenditures
would be the result of an increase in the capacity needed to adequately service any increase in our business. To date we have paid for
any needed additions to our capital equipment infrastructure from working capital funds and anticipate this being the case in the future. 

Presently, we have approximately 20,000 planned
for capital expenditures to further develop the Company s infrastructure to allow for growth in our operations over the next 12
months. We expect to fund these capital expenditure needs through a combination of vendor provided financing, the use of operating or
capital equipment leases and cash provided from operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Factors Affecting Future Performance 

Item 1A of this report sets forth risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this
report. If any of these risks, or any risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not significant, develops into
an actual event, then our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

29 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Inventor y
Valuation 

Inventories are comprised
of raw materials and supplies, hemp, internally produced work in progress, and finished goods. Inventories are initially valued at cost
and subsequently at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory cost is determined on a weighted average cost basis and any
trade discounts and rebates are deducted from the purchase price. Raw material costs include the purchase cost of the materials, freight-in
and duty. Costs incurred during the hemp growing and production process are capitalized as incurred to the extent that cost is less than
net realizable value. These costs include materials, labor and manufacturing overhead used in the growing and production processes. The
Company capitalizes pre-harvest hemp costs. Finished goods include the cost of direct materials and labor and a proportion of manufacturing
overhead allocated based on normal production capacity. 

Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories
in the ordinary course of business, less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. The Company periodically
reviews the value of items in inventory and records write-downs or write-offs of inventory based on its subjective assessment of market
conditions and values, including forecasted demand compared to quantities on hand, as well as other factors such as potential excess or
aged inventories based on product shelf life, and other factors that affect inventory obsolescence in order to determine current net realizable
value. The Company also includes quantitative and qualitative value factors such as terpene content, oil color and consistency, traceability,
and heavy metal content in its net realizable value market oil review and has determined that a market average selling price is the appropriate
net realizable value measurement. Changes in average market selling prices could materially impact future inventory valuations. The impact
of changes in inventory values is reflected in cost of sales. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company , we are
not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

See the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on
page F-1 below. 

30 

VERITAS FARMS, INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Veritas Farms, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Veritas Farms, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related consolidated statement of operations,
stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which contemplate continuation of
the Company as a going concern. However, as described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has sustained substantial losses
from operations since its inception. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 39,474,622,
and a net loss of 5,543,908. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern within a year from the date the financial statements are issued. Continuation as a going concern is dependent on the ability to
raise additional capital and financing, though there is no assurance of success. Management s plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter
communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to an account or disclosure that is material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation of Inventory Refer to
Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter
Description 

Inventories consist of growing and processed plants
and oils and are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. In evaluating whether inventories are stated at lower of cost or
net realizable value, management considers such factors as inventories on hand, estimated time to sell such inventories and current market
conditions. Write-offs for inventory obsolescence are recorded when, in the opinion of management, the value of specific inventory items
has been impaired. 

We identified the net
realizable value of oil inventory as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the net
realizable value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to
evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates related to net realizable value of oil inventory. 

How the Critical Audit
Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our audit procedures to address the Company s
valuation of inventory included the following, among others: 

Testing the accuracy and completeness of the
information provided by the Company 

We performed inventory count procedures for oil
inventory. 

We utilized a specialist and made samples of
oil inventory to test the potency of the oil on hand and ensured chain of custody from selection of samples to shipment and delivery to
the specialist lab and evaluated the results. 

We independently verified the range of prices
identified by the Company to external data sources. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s
use of an average of available market prices in order to determine net realizable value by: a) ensuring the Company has a reasonable basis
for use of an average price and b) considering the impact of the other data points by developing an independent expectation as a range.

/s/ 

April 17, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018 

F- 3 

VERITAS
FARMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Inventories 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

Employee retention credit receivable 
 
 -

Assets held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Right of use assets, net of accumulated amortization 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Dividends payable 

Convertible notes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liability 

Notes payable, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Notes payable, long term, net of current portion 

Related party convertible notes payable, long term, net of discount 

Paycheck Protection Program loan 
 -

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, shares authorized at par value 

Series A convertible preferred stock, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively, at par value 

Series B convertible preferred stock, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively, at par value 

Common stock, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding, at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, at par value 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated (deficit) 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The Accompanying
Notes Are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

VERITAS
FARMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Inventory write-down 

Total cost of goods sold 

Gross margin/(expense) 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss) 

Other income/(expense) 

Interest expense, related parties 

Interest expense 

Derivative (loss) 
 -

Gain on loan forgiveness 

Gain/(loss) on disposal 

(Loss) on lease termination 
 -

Total other income/(expense) 

(Loss) before income taxes 

Income tax provision 
 -
 
 -

Net (loss) 

Preferred stock dividends 

Preferred stock dividends in arrears 

Series A preferred stock 

Series B preferred stock 

Total preferred stock dividends 

Net (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

Net (loss) per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The Accompanying
Notes Are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

VERITAS
FARMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 

Series A Preferred 
 Series B Preferred 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Number of 
 0.001 
 Number of 
 0.001 
 Number of 
 0.001 
 paid in 
 Accumulated 
 shareholders 

shares 
 Par value 
 shares 
 Par value 
 shares 
 Par value 
 capital 
 (deficit) 
 equity 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for cash 

Issuance of Series A preferred stock 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock 

Beneficial conversion feature 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net (loss) 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net (loss) 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

The Accompanying
Notes Are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

VERITAS
FARMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

Amortization of debt discount 

Net change in property and equipment assets upon disposal 

Net change in operating lease assets and liabilities 
 -

Inventory write down 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts receivable 

Employee retention credit receivable 
 
 -

Other assets 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued interest 

Accrued expenses 

Accounts payable 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Sale of property and equipment 
 
 -

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayments of notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program loan 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of transaction fees 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Interest 

Non-cash transactions: 

Right of use asset and lease liability recognized at issuance 
 -

Issuance of preferred stock in exchange for common stock 
 -

Issuance of preferred stock in exchange for notes payable 
 -

The Accompanying
Notes Are an Integral Part of These Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 8 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

F- 9 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

E-commerce revenue 

Total revenue 

in 2022 which is presented
in the Statement of Operations. Inventory write-downs were recorded to reflect anticipated net realizable value on disposition of existing
inventory assets. 

F- 10 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 11 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 12 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

as a reduction of revenue as such amounts were related to consideration payable to a customer which the Company determined
was not for distinct goods or services received. The Company assessed the materiality of the misstatement quantitatively and qualitatively
and has concluded that the correction of the classification error is immaterial to the consolidated financials taken as a whole. As
a result of the correction, revenue decreased from to with a corresponding increase of gross expense from 
to and selling, general and administrative expenses decreased from to . The correction had no impact
on total operating loss and net loss. 

F- 13 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

),
and a net loss of ). These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a
going concern. A going concern disclosure means that there is substantial doubt that the company can continue as an ongoing business for
the next 12 months from the date the financial statements are issued. Continuation as a going concern is dependent on the ability to raise
additional capital and financing until we can achieve a level of operational profitability, though there is no assurance of success. 

Finished goods 

Raw materials 

Inventories 

which include reductions of to finished goods and to hemp and oil for the year ended December
31, 2022 and total inventory impairment write-downs of which include reductions of to finished goods and 
to hemp and oil for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

-

-

-

Buildings and improvements 

Greenhouse 

Fencing and irrigation 

Machinery and equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer equipment 

Vehicles 

Total 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

in assets held for
sale previously classified as property and equipment, and it is the Company s intention to complete the sales of these assets within
the twelve months following the end of the year. 

F- 14 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

5/10/2019 

-
 
 -
 
 -

6/24/2020 

-

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

3/6/2020 

-
 
 -
 
 -

10/12/2021 

-
 
 -
 
 -

8/2/2022 

-
 
 -
 
 -

8/17/2022 

-
 
 -
 
 -

9/6/2022 

-
 
 -
 
 -

10/11/2022 

-
 
 -
 
 -

11/16/2022 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

F- 15 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

under U.S. Small Business Administration SBA Paycheck Protection
Program 2020 PPP Loan ). In June 2021, the 2020 PPP Loan principal and all accrued interest totaling was forgiven
in full. 

under the SBA Paycheck Protection Program 2021 PPP Loan ). In April 2022, the 2021
PPP Loan principal and all accrued interest totaling was forgiven in full. 

from the SBA as an Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL ).
The EIDL accrues interest at the rate of per annum and has a term of years. The first payment due is deferred two years. The
principal balance of the EIDL as of December 31, 2022 has been classified as a long-term liability in notes payable. 

Secured Promissory Notes Payable 

to our Chairperson of the Board, Thomas E. Vickers, who also serves as our interim Chief Executive
Officer and interim President since November 7, 2022 Mr. Vickers ). The note carried an interest rate of eight percent per annum and had a maturity date of . On May 19, 2021, the Company and Mr. Vickers extended the maturity date of
the note to . On September 1, 2021, Mr. Vickers converted the outstanding in principal in accordance with the note s
terms and in additional cash consideration in exchange for shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock Series A Preferred Shares ). 

in exchange for
an aggregate amount of , which secured convertible promissory notes were issued to the Wit Trust, a principal shareholder who
holds securities of the Company that constitute a majority of the voting securities of the Company, in the amount of , Stephen
E. Johnson, former Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company Mr. Johnson ), in the amount of , and Ramon
A. Pino, Chief Financial Officer of the Company Mr. Pino ), in the amount of . These secured convertible promissory
notes accrued interest at eight percent per annum and had a maturity date of (i) April 1, 2022, or October 1, 2021. On August 18,
2021, Mr. Pino converted the outstanding in principal in accordance with the note s terms in exchange for Series
A Preferred Shares. On September 7, 2021, Mr. Johnson converted the outstanding in principal in accordance with the note s
terms in exchange for Series A Preferred Shares. On September 30, 2021, the Wit Trust converted the outstanding in
principal in exchange for Series A Preferred Shares. 

to the Wit Trust.
The note carried an interest rate of eight percent per annum and had a maturity date of . On September 30, 2021, the
Wit Trust converted the outstanding in principal in accordance with the note s terms in exchange for Series A
Preferred Shares. 

F- 16 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Convertible
Note Payable 

loan from a single investor, evidenced by a one-year convertible promissory note Convertible Note ). The Convertible Note
bears interest at the rate of ten percent per annum, which accrues and is payable together with principal at maturity. Principal
and accrued interest under the Convertible Note may, at the option of the holder, be converted in its entirety into shares of our common
stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and similar recapitalization transactions.
On May 14, 2021, the Company paid in accrued interest to the holder, and the Company and the investor extended the maturity date
of the Convertible Note to September 6, 2021. In September 2021, the Company and the investor further extended the maturity date
of the Convertible Note to October 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 we are in default in the payment of principal. This default does not
trigger any other default events for any other notes payable. 

relating to the Convertible Note which is being amortized
over the life of the note, using the effective interest method. The note is presented net of a discount of as of December 31, 2022
and as of December 31, 2021 on the accompanying balance sheet with amortization to interest expense of for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Secured
Convertible Promissory Note 

, which on March 9, 2022 was amended and restated in the principal amount
for up to (the Secured Convertible Promissory Note ), which Secured Convertible Promissory Note was issued to
the Wit Trust. The Secured Convertible Promissory Note is secured by the Company s assets and contain certain covenants and customary
events of default, the occurrence of which could result in an acceleration of the Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Secured Convertible
Promissory Note is convertible as follows: aggregate outstanding loaned principal and accrued interest under the Secured Convertible Promissory
Note may, at the option of the holder, be converted in its entirety into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of per
share. The Secured Convertible Promissory Note will accrue interest on the aggregate amount loaned at a rate of per annum. All unpaid
principal, together with any then unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable under the Secured Convertible Promissory Note,
is due and payable if not converted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Secured Convertible Promissory Note on the earlier of
(i) October 1, 2024, or (ii) following an event of default. The Company determined that there was a beneficial conversion feature of 
relating to this note which is being amortized over the life of the note, using the using the effective interest method. The note is presented
net of a discount of on the accompanying balance sheet with amortization to interest expense of for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Secured Convertible
Promissory Note. 

to the Wit Trust in
exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of . 

to the Wit Trust in
exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of . 

to the Wit Trust
in exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of . 

to the Wit Trust
in exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of . 

to the Wit Trust
in exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of . 

shares of common stock. Under the terms of the Incentive Plan, awards may be granted to
our employees, directors or consultants. Awards issued under the Incentive Plan vest as determined at the time of grant by the Board
of Directors or any of the Committees appointed under the Incentive Plan. 

-year term. Outstanding non-qualified stock options granted to employees
and consultants vest on a case-by-case basis. Outstanding incentive stock options issued to employees typically vest over a three-year
period. The incentive stock options granted vest based solely upon continued employment time-based ). The Company s
time-based share awards typically vest in increments on each of the three anniversary dates of the date of grant. Outstanding incentive
stock options issued to executives typically vest partially upon grant date, with the residual vesting over the subsequent 6 or 12 months. 

F- 17 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock each, at a per share exercise price of with a term of ten ) years, with of the options vesting
every ninety (90) days following the grant date subject to the director s continuous service to the Company. 

shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of with a term of ten (10) years,
vesting ratably on the first three anniversaries of the grant date subject to Mr. Johnson s continuous service to the Company, and
(ii) Mr. Pino stock options under the Incentive Plan to purchase shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 
with a term of ten ) years, vesting ratably on the first three anniversaries of the grant date subject to Mr. Pino s continuous
service to the Company. In addition the Company also granted stock options to purchase shares of common stock at a per share exercise
price of and stock options to purchase shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of during the year ended
December 31, 2021. The aggregate fair value for all options granted for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

options to employees, including options to Dave
Smith, our former Chief Operating Officer under the Incentive Plan, at a per share exercise price of with a term of ten )
years. The stock options will vest ratably on the first three anniversaries of the grant date subject to the employee s continuous
service to the Company. 

options to employees and directors, including five non-employee directors
with an annual grant of stock options under the Incentive Plan to purchase shares of common stock each, at a per share
exercise price of with a term of ten ) years, with twenty five percent of the options vesting every ninety (90)
days following the grant date subject to the director s continuous service to the Company. The employee stock options will vest
ratably on the first three anniversaries of the grant date subject to the employee s continuous service to the Company. 

shares of common stock each, at a per share exercise price of with a term of ten ) years, with of the options vesting
every ninety (90) days following the grant date subject to the director s continuous service to the Company. 

. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/cancelled/expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/cancelled/expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Expected life of options (in years) 

F- 18 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 

on February 23, 2021 and a final payment of on April 30, 2021, upon which both parties were
released from all further obligations to each other. The net expense on the termination of the lease was . The expense was reported
as Other income/(expense), loss on lease termination. 

. The right of use asset value was and the liability was . The lease liability will be expensed
each month, on a straight-line basis, over the life of the lease. 

. The Company analyzed the classification of the lease under ASC 842, and as
it did not meet any of the criteria for a financing lease it has been classified as an operating lease. The Company determined the right
of use asset and lease liability values at inception calculated at the present value of all future lease payments for the lease term,
using an incremental borrowing rate of . The right of use asset value was and the liability was . The lease liability
will be expensed each month, on a straight-line basis, over the life of the lease. 

and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 19 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of common stock, par value per share and shares of preferred
stock, par value per share, of which shares of preferred stock have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock and shares of preferred stock have been designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

million private offering of up to Units Units at a price of 
per Unit, which private offering ended April 30, 2021. As of December
31, 2020, the Company sold Units in the private offering for gross proceeds of with offering costs of resulting
in net proceeds of . From January 1, 2021 through April 30, 2021, the Company sold an additional Units for gross proceeds
of with offering costs of resulting in net proceeds of . The terms of this offering provided that, if during
the one-year period from the final closing of the offering, the Company undertakes a subsequent private offering of its equity, equity
equivalent or debt securities (a Subsequent Offering ), the investor will be entitled to exchange their Units purchased
in the offering for an equivalent dollar amount of securities sold in the Subsequent Offering (based on the respective offering prices).
The Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the investors which states, among other things, that the Company shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement covering, among other things, the resale
of all or such portion of the registrable securities that are not then registered on an effective registration statement. As of December
31, 2021, all Unit holders converted their Units into Series A Preferred Shares. 

shares, par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series. On May 10, 2021, the Company filed
a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation designating shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock and shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Series A Preferred Shares; and (b) shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock Series B Preferred Shares in exchange for (i) the payment of (including principal plus accrued
but unpaid interest in bridge financing provided by the Wit Trust to the Company during April 2021); and (ii) the surrender by the Wit
Trust to the Company of Units, in accordance with the terms of the subscription agreements for the purchase of the Units entered
into by the Wit Trust and the Company in September and October 2020. As a result of the transaction and the voting rights accorded the
Series A Preferred Shares and Series B Preferred Shares as set forth below, the Wit Trust then held approximately of the voting power
of the Company and accordingly, a Change in Control occurred. 

F- 20 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

per share. Each Series A Preferred Share is convertible into the Company s
common stock, par value per share Common Stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion rate of 
per share of Common Stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, other recapitalizations
and similar events, as well as in the event of issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable for, convertible
into or exchangeable for Common Stock at an effective price per share less than the conversion rate then in effect (other than certain
customary exceptions). In respect of rights to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the Series A Preferred Shares rank (a) junior to the Company s Series B Shares; and (b)
senior to (i) the Company s Common Stock and any other class or series of stock (including other series of Preferred Stock) of
the Company (collectively, Junior Stock ). From and after the date of the issuance of Series A Preferred Shares, dividends
at the rate per annum of , compounded annually, accrue daily on the stated value Accruing Dividends ). Accruing Dividends
shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative; provided, however, such Accruing Dividends
shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and the Company shall be under no obligation to pay such Accruing
Dividends except as set forth herein. The Company shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series
of capital stock of the Company (other than dividends on (a) shares of Series B Preferred Shares; and (b) Common Stock payable in shares
of Common Stock) unless (in addition to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Articles of Incorporation) the holders
of the Series A Preferred Shares then outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share
of Series A Preferred Share in an amount at least equal to the sum of (a) the amount of the aggregate Accruing Dividends then accrued
on such Series A Preferred Shares and not previously paid; and (b) (i) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series
that is convertible into Common Stock, that dividend per Series A Preferred Share as would equal the product of (A) the dividend payable
on each share of such class or series determined, if applicable, as if all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common
Stock; and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a Series A Preferred Share, in each case calculated on
the record date for determination of holders entitled to receive such dividend; or (ii) in the case of a dividend on any class or series
that is not convertible into Common Stock, at a rate per Series A Preferred Share determined by (A) dividing the amount of the dividend
payable on each share of such class or series of capital stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with
respect to such class or series); and (B) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the stated value of the Series A Preferred
Shares; provided, that if the Company declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class
or series of capital stock of the Company, the dividend payable to the holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall be calculated based
upon the dividend on the class or series of capital stock that would result in the highest Series A Preferred Share dividend. In the
event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or any Deemed Liquidation Event, (as defined)
(collectively, a Liquidation Event ), the holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive, after payment
to all holders of Series B Preferred Shares of a liquidation preference equal to the aggregate amount of one hundred fifty percent of the Stated Valued of the Series B Preferred Shares and the amount of the accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Shares,
but prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Company to the holders of Junior Stock by reason of their
ownership thereof, an aggregate amount per share equal to the Stated Value of the Series A Preferred Shares and the accrued but unpaid
dividends thereon. After the payment to all holders of Series B Preferred Shares of a liquidation preference equal to the aggregate amount
of one hundred fifty percent of the Stated Valued of the Series B Preferred Shares and the amount of the accrued but unpaid dividends
on the Series B Preferred Shares and to all holders of the Series A Preferred Shares the full liquidation preference hereunder, the remaining
assets of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of the shares of Series B
Preferred Shares and Junior Stock, pro rata, on an as converted basis, determined immediately prior to such Liquidation
Event, and the Series A Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to participate in such distribution of the remaining assets of the Company. The
Series A Preferred Shares shall vote together with holders of Series B Preferred Shares and holders of Common Stock as a single class
on all matters brought to a vote of shareholders. Each Series A Preferred Share shall entitle the holder thereof to such number of votes
as equal the number of shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Share. The Series A Preferred Shares
also contain protective provisions which provide that the Company shall not undertake certain transactions without the prior approval
of the holder(s) of a majority of the Series A Preferred Shares. 

F- 21 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

per share. Each Series B Preferred Share is convertible into Common Stock at the
option of the holder thereof at a conversion rate of per share of Common Stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in
the event of stock splits, stock dividends, other recapitalizations and similar events, as well as in the event of issuance by the Company
of shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable for, convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock at an effective price per
share less than the conversion rate then in effect (other than certain customary exceptions). In respect of rights to the payment of
dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the Series B Preferred
Shares rank senior to the (a) Series A Preferred Shares; (b) the Company s Common Stock and any other class or series of Junior
Stock. From and after the date of the issuance of Series B Preferred Shares, dividends at the rate per annum of , compounded annually,
accrue daily on the stated value Accruing Dividends ). Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not
declared, and shall be cumulative; provided, however, such Accruing Dividends shall be payable only when, as, and if declared
by the Board of Directors and the Company shall be under no obligation to pay such Accruing Dividends except as set forth herein. The
Company shall not declare, pay or set aside any dividends on shares of any other class or series of capital stock of the Company (other
than dividends on (a) shares of Series B Preferred Shares; and (b) Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock) unless (in addition
to the obtaining of any consents required elsewhere in the Articles of Incorporation) the holders of the Series B Preferred Shares then
outstanding shall first receive, or simultaneously receive, a dividend on each outstanding share of Series B Preferred Share in an amount
at least equal to the sum of (a) the amount of the aggregate Accruing Dividends then accrued on such Series B Preferred Shares and not
previously paid; and (b) (i) in the case of a dividend on Common Stock or any class or series that is convertible into Common Stock,
that dividend per Series B Preferred Share as would equal the product of (A) the dividend payable on each share of such class or series
determined, if applicable, as if all shares of such class or series had been converted into Common Stock; and (B) the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a Series B Preferred Share, in each case calculated on the record date for determination
of holders entitled to receive such dividend; or (ii) in the case of a dividend on any class or series that is not convertible into Common
Stock, at a rate per Series B Preferred Share determined by (A) dividing the amount of the dividend payable on each share of such class
or series of capital stock by the original issuance price of such class or series of capital stock (subject to appropriate adjustment
in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to such class or series);
and (B) multiplying such fraction by an amount equal to the stated value of the Series B Preferred Shares; provided, that if the
Company declares, pays or sets aside, on the same date, a dividend on shares of more than one class or series of capital stock of the
Company, the dividend payable to the holders of Series B Preferred Shares shall be calculated based upon the dividend on the class or
series of capital stock that would result in the highest Series B Preferred Share dividend. In the event of a Liquidation Event, the
holders of Series B Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of
the Company to the holders of Junior Stock (including Series A Preferred Shares), a liquidation preference equal to the aggregate amount
of one hundred fifty percent of the Stated Valued of the Series B Preferred Shares and the amount of the accrued but unpaid dividends
on the Series B Preferred Shares. After the payment to all holders of Series B Preferred Shares of such liquidation preference and to
all holders of the Series A Preferred Shares their full liquidation preference, the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution
to its shareholders shall be distributed among the holders of the shares of Series B Preferred Shares and Junior Stock other than Series
A Preferred Shares, pro rata, on an as converted basis, as applicable. The Series B Preferred Shares shall vote together
with holders of Series A Preferred Shares and holders of Common Stock as a single class on all matters brought to a vote of shareholders.
Each Series B Preferred Share shall entitle the holder thereof to such number of votes as equal the number of shares of Common Stock
then issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Share multiplied by 50. The Series B Preferred Shares also contain protective
provisions which provide that the Company shall not undertake certain transactions without the prior approval of the holder of the Series
B Preferred Shares. 

Series B preferred stock dividends 

Total undeclared preferred stock dividends 

Series B preferred stock 

Cumulative undeclared preferred stock dividends 

F- 22 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

State and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax/(benefit) 
 -
 
 -

Stock based compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance 

Depreciation and amortization 

Prepaid expense 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

net operating loss carryforwards that are available to reduce future taxable income. In assessing
the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management
has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax assets for every period because it is more likely than not
that all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

F- 23 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of sales. For the year ended December
31, 2021, customer accounted for of sales. 

customers at December 31, 2022 accounting for , and of total accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021,
the Company had customers accounting for and of total accounts receivable. 

and for such services during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

to Mr. Vickers. The note
carried an interest rate of eight percent per annum and had a maturity date of . On May 19, 2021, the Company
and Mr. Vickers extended the maturity date of the note to October 1, 2021. On September 1, 2021, Mr. Vickers converted the outstanding
 in principal and in additional consideration in exchange for Series A Preferred Shares. 

in exchange for
an aggregate amount of , which secured convertible promissory notes were issued to the Wit Trust, in the amount of ,
Mr. Johnson in the amount of , and Mr. Pino in the amount of . The secured convertible promissory notes accrued interest
at eight percent per annum and had a maturity date of (i) , or . On August 18, 2021, Mr. Pino converted
the outstanding in principal in exchange for Series A Preferred Shares. On September 7, 2021, Mr. Johnson converted the
outstanding in principal in exchange for Series A Preferred Shares. On September 30, 2021 the Wit Trust converted the
outstanding in principal in exchange for Series A Preferred Shares. 

to the Wit Trust.
The note carried an interest rate of eight percent per annum and had a maturity date of . On September 30, 2021, the
Wit Trust converted the outstanding in principal in exchange for Series A Preferred Shares. 

Series A Preferred Shares at a purchase price of per share 2021 Private Placement in exchange for (i) the payment of (including principal plus accrued
but unpaid interest in bridge financing provided by certain investors during April, July and August 2021 upon the conversion of the investors 
secured convertible promissory notes, and the conversion of an account payable); and (ii) the surrender of Units. The investors
in the 2021 Private Placement included: Mr. Johnson upon the conversion of promissory note; Mr. Pino upon the conversion of 
promissory note; Mr. Vickers upon conversion of promissory note and accounts payable; Dr. van der Post, a member of the Board
of Director of the Company, in the amount of , and; the Wit Trust, in the amount of and upon conversion of 
secured convertible promissory notes and in accrued and unpaid interest. As a result of the 2021 Private Placement and the
voting rights accorded the Series A Preferred Shares and Series B Preferred Shares, the Wit Trust holds approximately of the voting
power of the Company. 

F- 24 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, which on March 9, 2022 was amended and restated in the principal amount
for up to (the Secured Convertible Promissory Note ), which Secured Convertible Promissory Note was issued to
the Wit Trust. The Secured Convertible Promissory Note is secured by the Company s assets and contain certain covenants and customary
events of default, the occurrence of which could result in an acceleration of the Secured Convertible Promissory Note. The Secured Convertible
Promissory Note is convertible as follows: aggregate outstanding loaned principal and accrued interest under the Secured Convertible Promissory
Note may, at the option of the holder, be converted in its entirety into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of per
share. The Secured Convertible Promissory Note will accrue interest on the aggregate amount loaned at a rate of per annum. All unpaid
principal, together with any then unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable under the Secured Convertible Promissory Note,
is due and payable if not converted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Secured Convertible Promissory Note on the earlier of
(i) October 1, 2024, or (ii) following an event of default. The Company determined that there was a beneficial conversion feature of 
relating to this note which is being amortized over the life of the note, using the using the effective interest method. The note is presented
net of a discount of on the accompanying balance sheet with amortization to interest expense of for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Secured Convertible
Promissory Note. 

to the Wit Trust in
exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

to the Wit Trust in
exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

to the Wit Trust
in exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

to the Wit Trust
in exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

to the Wit Trust
in exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of October 1, 2024. 

in interest expense payable to related parties and in interest expense
payable to related parties for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 25 

Veritas
Farms, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to the Wit Trust in
exchange for . The note carries an interest rate of ten percent per annum and has a maturity date of .
The secured convertible promissory note is secured by the Company s assets and contains certain non-financial covenants and customary
events of default, the occurrence of which could result in an acceleration of the secured convertible promissory note. The secured convertible
promissory note is convertible into Conversion Securities as described in Note 5 above. 

of the outstanding employee retention credit receivable. 

shares to shares and to increase the number of authorized shares of blank check 
preferred stock from shares to shares. 

shares of common stock. Under the terms of the Incentive Plan, awards may be granted to our employees, directors or consultants.
Awards issued under the Incentive Plan vest as determined at the time of grant by the Board of Directors or any of the Committees appointed
under the Incentive Plan. 

F- 26 

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer),
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the SEC, including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted
by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal
Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal
Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) have concluded that as of December
31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses
identified and described in Item 9A(b) of this report . 

Our
Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although our disclosure controls
and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, a control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls
can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving
its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of our
Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer),
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our Company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of our Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of our Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our
consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 

31 

Further,
the evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was made as of a specific date, and continued effectiveness
in future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer) and our
Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal
Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) identified the following two material
weaknesses that have caused management to conclude that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal
control over financial reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level in that: 

(a) 
 We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

(b) We
do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature,
segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible,
the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.
Documentation of our controls and the continued changes to assure segregation of duties are being performed. Our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure
controls and procedures and have concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act, during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

As
a result of COVID-19, our workforce continued to operate primarily in a work from home environment for the year ended December 31, 2022
and we are monitoring our control environment with increased vigilance to ensure changes as a result of physical distancing are addressed
and all increased risks are mitigated. 

Item 9B.
Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

32 

PART
III 

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
directors and executive officers and their respective ages and titles are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) and Office(s) Held 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers 
 
 59 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, Chairperson of
the Board and Director 
 
 Ramon A. Pino 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 Kuno D. van der Post 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Gary A. Shangold 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our directors and executive officers. 

Thomas E. Vickers joined the Company s
board of directors on October 1, 2020, and was appointed Chairperson of the board of directors in May 2021, and was appointed Interim
Chief Executive Officer and Interim President on November 7, 2022. Mr. Vickers is a highly accomplished corporate finance and operations
executive with 35 years of business experience. Since January 2020 Mr. Vickers has served as the President and Founder of Stack Financial,
Inc., which provides family office, CFO on demand, finance, and accounting services to various long-term and short-term contracts. Since
January 2020, Stack Financial, Inc. has been providing Cornelis F. Wit, the trustee of the Wit Trust, and various entities owned by Mr.
Wit, consulting services. From October 2012 to September 2019, Mr. Vickers served as Chief Financial Officer and SVP of Human Resources,
and from October 2011 to October 2012, as Vice President of Finance, of OmniComm Systems, Inc., a company delivering software and services
to the pharmaceutical/healthcare industry (OTCQX:OMCM); OmniComm was acquired by a private company in September 2019 and contemporaneously
therewith filed a Certification and Notice of Termination of Registration with the SEC. Prior to joining OmniComm, Mr. Vickers was
with Ocwen Financial Corporation, a publicly traded diversified financial services holding company, where he served in positions of increasing
responsibility, most recently as Director, Servicing Operations. Prior to that, Mr. Vickers was Vice President, Operations for S J
and Vice President, Financial Operations for Precision Response Corporation. Since September 2020, Mr. Vickers has been a director of
Giga-tronics Incorporated, a manufacturer of specialized electronics equipment for use in both military test and airborne operational
applications (OTCQB:GIGA). Mr. Vickers received both a B.B.A. in Finance and a B.B.A. in Accounting from Florida Atlantic University and
earned his M.B.A. in Finance from the University of Miami. Additionally, Mr. Vickers received his Master of Taxation (M.T.X.) degree from
Florida Atlantic University and is a Chartered Financial Analyst Charterholder. 

Ramon
A. Pino, has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since August 2021, and served as the Company s Executive
Vice President of Finance from May 2021 to August 2021. Prior to joining the Company, from September 2019 to January 2021, Mr. Pino was
Vice President and Controller of Anju Software, Inc., a private healthcare company offering software and services to the pharmaceutical/healthcare
industry and Contract Research Organizations. From January 2018 to September 2019, Mr. Pino served as Controller, and from January 2015
to December 2017, as Accounting Manager, of OmniComm Systems, Inc., a company delivering software and services to the pharmaceutical/healthcare
industry (OTCQX:OMCM). OmniComm was acquired by Anju Software, Inc., a private company, in September 2019 and contemporaneously therewith
filed a Certification and Notice of Termination of Registration with the SEC. Mr. Pino transitioned from OmniComm to Anju after the acquisition
in 2019. Mr. Pino holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Central Florida and a Master of Accounting
degree from Florida International University. 

33 

Kuno
D. van der Post, joined the Company s board of directors on May 12, 2021. Dr. van der Post
currently serves as the Chief Revenue Officer for Meeting Protocol Worldwide, a full-service clinical meeting planning company. Dr. van
der Post served as the Chief Commercial Officer for ActiGraph LLC, a medical grade device company servicing the global life science research
market from August 2020 to July 2022. From October 2019 to June 2020, Dr. van der Post was Chief Commercial Officer of Anju Software,
Inc., a private healthcare company offering software and services to the pharmaceutical/healthcare industry and Contract Research Organizations.
From June 2017 to October, 2019, Dr. van der Post served as the Chief Commercial Officer, and from June 2013 until June 2017, as Senior
Vice President of Business Development, of OmniComm Systems, Inc., a company delivering software and services to the pharmaceutical/healthcare
industry (OTCQX:OMCM). OmniComm was acquired by Anju Software, Inc., a private company, in October 2019 and contemporaneously therewith
filed a Certification and Notice of Termination of Registration with the SEC. Dr. van de Post transitioned from OmniComm to Anju after
the acquisition in 2019. Dr. van der Post has been working in both the preclinical and clinical development arena for over 14 years. Prior
to Joining OmniComm Systems, from October 2009 to September 2012, Dr. van der Post worked for the Health Sciences Global Business Unit
of Oracle Corporation, supplier of software for enterprise information management, as Sales Director, Latin America and prior to that
as European Channel Sales Director, and from March 2007 to September 2009 Dr. van der Post worked for Medidata Solutions, Inc. as Area
Sales Director. Dr. van der Post obtained his PhD degree from the University of Liverpool (UK) and his Master of Science degree from University
of Salford (UK). 

Gary
A. Shangold , joined the Company s board of directors on December 8, 2022. Dr. Shangold has been the Chief Medical Officer of
Enteris BioPharma, a subsidiary of SWK Holdings, since January 2020. He is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of InteguRx Therapeutics
LLC, a startup developing transdermal products, since May 2011, and the President and Managing Member of Convivotech LLC, a life sciences
consultancy, since December 2005. Previously, from January 2008 to December 2010, Dr. Shangold was the Chief Medical Officer and Executive
Vice President, Research Development at Xanodyne Pharmaceuticals Inc, a venture-backed pharma company. From December 2002 to December
2005, Dr. Shangold was President, Chief Executive Officer, and a Director of NovaDel Pharma, a publicly-traded specialty pharma company.
Earlier, he held several senior roles in Clinical Research and Regulatory Affairs over more than 10 years at Johnson Johnson Pharmaceutical
R D, and prior to that he was Medical Director for Ob/Gyn/Infertility at Serono Laboratories US. In his pharma career, Dr. Shangold
has had key roles in the development and/or approval of 10 products. Before entering the pharmaceutical industry, Dr. Shangold began
his career in academia, on the Faculty of The University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine, and later at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard
School of Medicine. Since 2019, Dr. Shangold has been a Trustee of the Somerset Health Care Foundation, the fund-raising arm of RW Johnson
 Somerset Hospital, part of the RWJ-Barnabas network in NJ. Dr. Shangold served on the Board of Directors of OmniComm Systems
Inc. from July 2014 until September 2019 when the company was acquired by Anju Software Inc., and on the Board of Directors of Pepgen
Inc, a venture-backed biotech company, from December 2004 through June 2009. He has been President of the American Academy of Pharmaceutical
Physicians (2005), and Chair of the Association of Clinical Research Professionals (2013), a 14,000-member nonprofit dedicated to excellence
and professionalism in clinical research globally. Dr. Shangold received his MD degree from Columbia University in June 1977 and his
Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania in May 1973. Dr. Shangold performed his residency in Obstetrics Gynecology
at the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital from June 1977 to June 1981 and his fellowship in Reproductive Endocrinology in
the Department of Obstetrics Gynecology at the University of Southern California/Los Angeles County Medical Center from July 1981
to June 1983. Dr. Shangold holds Board Certifications in Obstetrics Gynecology and in Reproductive Endocrinology, and is the author
of numerous clinical and basic science publications. 

Family
Relationships 

There are
no familial relationships among our officers and directors. 

34 

Terms
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until a successor is
appointed and qualified, or until their removal, resignation, or death. Executive officers serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. 

Board
Committees 

General 

The Company s board of directors has established
three standing committees, an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The board
of directors has determined that all committee members are independent under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing
standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market for committee memberships, and that each member of the audit committee also meets the additional
independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, except for Mr. Vickers who is a member of all three committees,
who has been our Chairperson of the Board since May 2021, and who was appointed and has served as our interim CEO since November 7, 2022.
The board of directors has not adopted a written charter for its committees. 

The
current membership and function of each standing committee is described below. We currently do not have charters for the committees of
the board of directors. 

Audit
Committee 

The
audit committee assists the Veritas Farms board of directors in its oversight of the Company s accounting and financial reporting
processes and the audits of the Company s financial statements, including (a) the quality and integrity of the Company s
financial statements; (b) the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (c) the independent auditors 
qualifications and independence; and (d) the performance of our Company s internal audit functions and independent auditors, as
well as other matters which may come before it as directed by the board of directors. Further, the audit committee, to the extent it
deems necessary or appropriate, among its several other responsibilities, shall: 

be
responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, termination and oversight of the work of any independent auditor engaged for
the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Company; 

discuss
the annual audited financial statements and the quarterly unaudited financial statements with management and the independent auditor
prior to their filing with the SEC in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; 

review
with the Company s financial management on a periodic basis (a) issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement
presentations, including any significant changes in the Company s selection or application of accounting principles; and (b) the
effect of any regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as off-balance sheet structures, on the financial statements of the Company; 

monitor
the Company s policies for compliance with federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations and the Company s policies
on corporate conduct; 

maintain
open, continuing and direct communication between the board of directors, the audit committee and our independent auditors; and 

monitor
our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and shall have the authority to initiate any special investigations of conflicts
of interest, and compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as may be
warranted. 

The
audit committee consists of Mr. Vickers (chairperson) and Dr. Shangold. 

35 

Compensation
Committee 

The
compensation committee aids our board of directors in meeting its responsibilities relating to the compensation of the Company s
executive officers and to administer all incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans of the Company, including the plans under
which Company securities may be acquired by directors, executive officers, employees and consultants. Further, the compensation committee,
to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate, among its several other responsibilities, shall: 

review
periodically the Company s philosophy regarding executive compensation to (a) ensure the attraction and retention of corporate
officers; (b) ensure the motivation of corporate officers to achieve the Company s business objectives, and (c) align the interests
of key management with the long-term interests of our stockholders; 

review
and approve corporate goals and objectives relating to Chief Executive Officer compensation and other executive officers of Veritas Farms; 

make
recommendations to the board of directors regarding compensation for non-employee directors, and review periodically non-employee director
compensation in relation to other comparable companies and in light of such factors as the compensation committee may deem appropriate;
and 

review
periodically reports from management regarding funding the Company s retirement, long-term disability and other management welfare
and benefit plans. 

The
compensation committee consists of Mr. Vickers (chairperson) and Dr. van der Post. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee recommends to the board of directors individuals qualified to serve as directors and on
committees of the board of directors to advise the board of directors with respect to the board of directors composition, procedures
and committees to develop and recommend to the board of directors a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the Company;
and to oversee the evaluation of our board of directors and management. 

Further,
the nominating and corporate governance committee, to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate, among its several other responsibilities
shall: 

recommend
to the board of directors and for approval by a majority of independent directors for election by stockholders or appointment by the
board of directors as the case may be, pursuant to our bylaws and consistent with the board of directors criteria for selecting
new directors; 

review
the suitability for continued service as a director of each member of the board of directors when his or her term expires or when he
or she has a significant change in status; 

review
annually the composition of the board of directors and to review periodically the size of the board of directors; 

make
recommendations on the frequency and structure of board of directors meetings or any other aspect of procedures of the board of
directors; 

make
recommendations regarding the chairpersonship and composition of standing committees and monitor their functions; 

review
annually committee assignments and chairpersonships; 

recommend
the establishment of special committees as may be necessary or desirable from time to time; and 

develop
and review periodically corporate governance procedures and consider any other corporate governance issue. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Mr. Vickers (chairperson), Dr. van der Post and Dr. Shangold. 

36 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our employees and directors, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is filed as an
exhibit to this report, and is also available, without charge, upon written request to our corporate secretary. 

Board
of Directors Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

The
board of directors regularly reviews the board s leadership structure and the responsibilities and composition of its standing
committees. The structure and composition of the Company s board and its committees are intended to leverage the diverse perspectives
of the board members and promote effective oversight. 

While the board of directors believes that the
leadership structure of the Company should be separate, in which the roles of Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer are separated, which
best serves the board s ability to carry out its roles and responsibilities on behalf of the Company s stockholders, including
its oversight of management, and the Company s overall corporate governance, currently and since November 7, 2022 our Chairperson,
Mr. Vickers, has been our interim Chief Executive Office since the departure of our former chief executive officer. 

Members of the board of directors and the Company s
audit committee have periodic meetings with management and the Company s independent auditors to perform risk oversight with respect
to the Company s internal control processes. The Company believes that the combined roles of the Chairperson and interim Chief Executive
Officer of Mr. Vickers in risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership structure of the Company. 

37 

Item 11.
Executive Compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each of our named executive officers for the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards (#) 
 Option Awards (#) 1) 
 Option Awards ) (1)(2) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) 
 All other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer (3) 

Ramon A. Pino, 
 2022 
 190,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 190,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (4) 
 2021 
 119,116 
 - 
 - 
 385,000 
 61,329 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 180,445 

Alessandro M. Annoscia, 
 2022 
 73,885 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 73,885 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (5) 

Stephen E. Johnson, 
 2022 (7) 
 136,439 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 62,011 
 198,450 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (6) 
 2021 
 141,058 
 - 
 - 
 450,000 
 71,683 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 212,741 

Dave Smith, 
 2022 
 141,882 
 - 
 - 
 300,000 
 14,455 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 156,337 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer (8) 
 2021 
 185,100 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 185,100 

(1) Represents options granted under our 2017 Stock Incentive Plan which vest ratably on the first three anniversaries of the grant date,
expiring ten years from the grant date, subject to the employee s continuous service to the Company. 

(2) The fair value of share-based compensation was calculated using the Black Scholes option pricing model on the date of grant. 

(3) 
 Mr. Vickers, chairperson of our board, was also appointed as interim chief executive office of the Company on November 7, 2022. 

(4) Mr. Pino joined the Company on May 12, 2021. 

(5) Mr. Annoscia joined the Company on July 25, 2022 and stepped down as an officer and director of the Company effective November 7, 2022. 

(6) Mr. Johnson joined the Company on May 12, 2021 and stepped down as an officer and director of the Company effective July 25, 2022. 

(7) Includes 56,250 for consulting compensation and 5,761 for Cobra health insurance premiums. 

(8) Mr. Smith stepped down as an officer of the Company effective June 30, 2022. 

38 

Employment
Agreements 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Pino to serve as the Company s Chief Financial
Officer. The employment agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years commencing on August 11, 2021 and will automatically renew
for successive one (1) year terms unless the employment agreement is expressly cancelled by either Mr. Pino or the Company sixty (60)
days prior to the end of the then current term. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Pino receives an annual base salary
of 190,000, which may be increased from time to time with the approval of the Board. Subject to the Board s determination, Mr.
Pino will also be eligible to receive an incentive performance bonus based upon the Company s performance with respect to applicable
performance targets as determined by the Board. In addition, Mr. Pino is entitled to participate in the Company s employee benefit
plans and programs applicable to employees and executives. The employment agreement contains certain rights of Mr. Pino and the Company
to terminate Mr. Pino s employment, including a termination by the Company for Cause (as defined in the employment
agreement), and termination by Mr. Pino for Good Reason (as defined in the employment agreement) within twelve (12) months
of a Change in Control (as defined in the employment agreement). Mr. Pino is also entitled to severance pay equal to twelve (12)
months of Mr. Pino s current base salary and benefits in the event of his termination by the Company or non-renewal of the employment
agreement by the Company for any reason other than Cause , or termination by Mr. Pino for Good Reason within
twelve (12) months of a Change in Control, or upon termination of Executive s employment pursuant to Disability (as defined in
the employment agreement). The foregoing severance benefits are conditioned upon Mr. Pino s execution of a release of claims and
compliance with certain restrictive covenants. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure and non-solicitation provisions
as well as a one (1) year non-compete following the termination of the agreement. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

We
do not have any cash severance arrangements with our named executive officers, and none of our named executive officers equity
awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 provide for acceleration in connection with a change of control, other than as noted above
in connection with termination of employment of Mr. Pino pursuant to his employment agreement. 

39 

Named
Executive Officers Departure 

In June 2022, the Company s
then Chief Operating Officer, Dave Smith, stepped down as Chief Operating Officer and from any and all other positions he held with the
Company. 

In July 2022, the Company s then Chief Executive
Officer, Stephen Johnson, stepped down as Chief Executive Officer, President, and a director of the Company, and from any and all other
positions he held with the Company, and we entered into a separation agreement with Mr. Johnson in connection with his separation of employment
with the Company. Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Johnson s separation agreement, in consideration for, among other things, his resignation
from all officers and board positions held with the Company and its subsidiary, customary releases, his compliance with certain restrictive
covenants (including non-compete, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement) and all other agreements between him and the Company (including
a consulting agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Johnson on the same date, and confidentiality agreement), we agreed, pursuant
to certain terms of his employment agreement, (i) to pay Mr. Johnson an amount equal to the cost of health insurance coverage under COBRA
for the three-month period following separation, and (ii) the continuation of exercising vested stock options to purchase 150,000 shares
held by him for a period of six-months. We also entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Johnson for a term of three months pursuant
to which Mr. Johnson would provide consulting services in order to transition to his successor in exchange for a bi-weekly consulting
fee of 8,653.85. 

In November
2022, the Company s then Chief Executive Officer, Alessandro Annoscia, stepped down as Chief Executive Officer, President, and a
director of the Company, and from any and all other positions he held with the Company. 

Former
Named Executive Officer Departure 

In December 2020, and effective
September 16, 2020, we entered into a separation agreement with Erduis Sanabria, former Executive Vice President of the Company in connection
with his separation of employment with the Company (as previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December
21, 2020). Pursuant to the terms of his separation agreement, in consideration for, among other things, his resignation from all officer
and board positions held with the Company and its subsidiary, customary releases, his compliance with certain restrictive covenants (including
non-compete, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement) and all other agreements between him and the Company (including a confidentiality
agreement), we agreed, pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, to pay Mr. Sanabria (i) a severance equal to three years 
of his base salary of 200,000, (ii) an amount equal to the cost of health insurance coverage under COBRA for an 18-month period, and
(iii) the continuation of vested stock options to purchase 1,250,000 shares held by him for a period of three-years. 

In May 2021, we entered into a separation agreement
with Mr. Salgado in connection with his separation of employment with the Company (as previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2021). Pursuant to the terms of his separation agreement, in consideration for, among other things,
his resignation from all officers and board positions held with the Company and its subsidiary, customary releases, his compliance with
certain restrictive covenants (including non-compete, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement) and all other agreements between him and
the Company (including a consulting agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Salgado on the same date, and confidentiality agreement),
we agreed, pursuant to certain terms of his employment agreement, to pay Mr. Salgado commencing on August 11, 2021 (i) a severance equal
to two years of his base salary of 200,000, (ii) an amount equal to the cost of health insurance coverage under COBRA for an 18-month
period, and (iii) the continuation of vested stock options to purchase 1,250,000 shares held by him for a period of three-years. The consulting
agreement with Mr. Salgado was for a term of three months pursuant to which Mr. Salgado would provide consulting services in order to
transition to his successor in exchange for a monthly consulting fee of 16,666.66. 

40 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The table below summarizes all unexercised options
and equity incentive plan awards for each of our named executive officers outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (the Company does not have
any outstanding stock awards): 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) 
 Number of Securities 
 Underlying Unexercised (#) 
 Option 
 
 Option 
 
 Name 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Grant Date 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Stephen E. Johnson (1) 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.16 
 5/12/2021 
 5/12/2031 
 
 Ramon A. Pino (2) 
 128,333 
 256,667 
 256,667 
 0.16 
 5/12/2021 
 5/12/2031 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers (3) 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.27 
 9/30/2020 
 9/30/2030 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers (3) 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.16 
 5/12/2021 
 5/12/2031 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers (3) 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 0.03 
 6/30/2022 
 6/30/2032 
 
 Alessandro M. Annoscia (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Dave Smith (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

(1) Mr.
Johnson stepped down as an officer and director of the Company effective July 25, 2022. 

(2) Mr.
Pino joined the Company on May 12, 2021. Includes 385,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options at an exercise price
of 0.16 per share granted on May 12, 2021 under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, which vest ratably on the first three anniversaries
of the grant date subject to the employee s continuous service to the Company. 

(3) Mr.
Vickers, chairperson of our board, was also appointed as interim chief executive office of the Company on November 7, 2022. 

(4) Mr.
Annoscia stepped down as an officer and director of the Company effective November 7, 2022. 

(3) Mr.
Smith stepped down as an officer and director of the Company effective June 30, 2022. 

41 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table summarizes all compensation paid to our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned or 
 Paid in 
 Cash ) 
 Option 
 Awards (#) (1) 
 Option 
 Awards ) (2) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings ) 
 All other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers (3) 
 36,000 
 100,000 
 3,071 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 39,071 
 
 Kuno D. van der Post 
 10,000 
 100,000 
 3,071 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,071 
 
 Gary A. Shangold (4) 
 - 
 100,000 
 1,894 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,894 
 
 Kellie L. Newton (5) 
 - 
 200,000 
 6,151 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,151 
 
 Craig J. Fabel (6) 
 - 
 100,000 
 3,071 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,071 
 
 Kristen High (7) 
 - 
 100,000 
 3,071 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,071 

(1) For their service on the board of directors, the Company
issued each non-employee director an option grant to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock at a per share exercise price equal
to the closing price of the common stock on the grant date, with 25 of the options vesting every 90 days following the grant date subject
to the director s continuous service to the Company. The options have a term of ten years. 

(2) The fair value of share-based compensation was calculated
using the Black Scholes option pricing model on the date of grant. 

(3) 
 Mr. Vickers received a 3,000 monthly fee for his service as Chairperson of the Board from January 2022 to December 2022. 

(4) Dr. Shangold joined the Company s board of directors on December
8, 2022. 

(5) Ms. Newton was removed from the Company s board of directors
on December 8, 2022. 

(6) Mr. Fabel was removed from the Company s board of directors
on December 8, 2022. 

(7) Ms. High joined the Company s board of directors on June
1, 2022 and was removed from the Company s board of directors on December 8, 2022. 

Non-employee
directors are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with attending meetings. 

2017 Stock
Incentive Plan 

Our
2017 Stock Incentive Plan provides for equity incentives to be granted to our employees, executive officers or directors or to key advisers
or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the
underlying shares as determined pursuant to the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, restricted stock awards, other stock-based awards, or any
combination of the foregoing. The 2017 Stock Incentive Plan is administered by the compensation committee, or alternatively by the board
of directors. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on January 1 of each year, commencing January 1, 2018, so
that the number of shares covered by the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan is equal to 15 of our issued and outstanding common stock as of that
measurement date. 

The
maximum term for any option grant under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan is ten years from the date of the grant, and the expiration date
of options granted under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan will generally expire ten years from the date of grant. Options granted to employees
generally vest either upon grant or in three installments. The first vesting, which is equal to 33.3 of the granted options, usually
occurs upon completion of one full year of employment from the date of grant, the second vesting usually occurs on the second anniversary
of the date of grant, and the third vesting usually occurs on the third anniversary of the grant date. The vesting period typically begins
on the date of hire for new employees and on the date of grant for existing employees. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 6,867,747 shares have been reserved for issuance and the Company has outstanding options to purchase 5,460,000
shares under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan. Such options are exercisable at prices ranging from of 0.019 to 3.44 per share. Unless
earlier terminated by the board, the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan shall terminate on September 27, 2027. 

42 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth as of April 14,
2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock by each director and named executive officer of the Company, by each person known by us to beneficially
own 5 or more of our common stock, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and by our directors
and named executive officers as a group. Each share of common stock has one vote, each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
has such number of votes as equal the number of shares of Common Stock then issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Share votes,
and each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has such number of votes as equal the number of shares of Common Stock then issuable
upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Share multiplied by 50 on matters that may come before a meeting or vote of the Company s
stockholders. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and we believe, based on the information furnished to us,
that the persons and entities named in the following table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common
stock, Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or Series B Convertible Preferred Stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable
community property laws. 

Applicable percentage ownership is based on 41,625,331
shares of common stock, 4,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock outstanding at April 14, 2023. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of
that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of common stock subject to options, or other convertible securities held by that person
that are currently exercisable or convertible, or that will become exercisable or convertible within 60 days of April 14, 2023. We did
not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise
stated, the address of the persons set forth in the table is c/o Veritas Farms, Inc., 401 E. Las Olas Boulevard Suite 1400, Fort Lauderdale,
FL 33301. 

Common stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B Preferred Stock 

Directors and named executive officers: 
 Number of 
 shares 
beneficially 
 owned (1) 
 of 
class 
 Number of 
 shares 
beneficially 
 owned 
 of 
class 
 Number of 
 shares 
beneficially 
 owned 
 of 
class 
 Percentage of 
voting 
 securities 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers (2) 
 1,225,000 
 2.9 
 50,000 
 1.3 
 - 

Ramon A. Pino (3) 
 756,666 
 1.8 
 25,000 
 
 - 

Kuno D. van der Post (4) 
 1,287,500 
 3.0 
 50,000 
 1.3 
 - 

Gary A. Shangold (5) 
 50,000 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Alessandro M. Annoscia 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stephen E. Johnson (6) 
 350,750 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Dave Smith 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

All directors and named executive
 officers as a group (seven persons) 
 4,344,916 
 10.2 
 125,000 
 3.1 
 - 

Other 5 or greater stockholders: 

Cornelis F. Wit Revocable 

Living Trust (7) 
 142,248,401 
 79.4 
 3,635,000 
 90.9 
 1,000,000 
 100 
 88.1 
 
 2700 N Military Trail Suite 210 Boca Raton, FL 33431 

George Attlee Boden 
 2,443,750 
 5.9 
 - 
 
 - 

198 Magellan Quay Grand Cayman Cayman Islands KY1-1108 

Less than 1 

(1) Includes
shares issuable upon the exercise of options and other convertible securities within sixty (60) days of the date of this report. 

(2) Includes
225,000 common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options, and (b) 1,000,000 common shares issuable upon conversion of our Series
A Preferred Stock. 

(3) Includes
256,666 common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options, and (b) 500,000 common shares issuable upon conversion of our Series A
Preferred Stock. 

43 

(4) Includes
(a) 100,000 outstanding common shares, (b) 187,500 common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options, and (c) 1,000,000 common shares
issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

(5) Includes
50,000 common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(6) 
 As of July 25, 2022, his last day of service with the Company. Includes (a) 200,750 outstanding common shares, and (b) 150,000 common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. Mr. Johnson s address is 10445 Canterbury Ct. Davie, FL 33328. 

(7) Cornelis F. Wit is the sole trustee of the Cornelis F. Wit
Revocable Living Trust dated October 15, 2009 as amended and restated on June 11, 2015, and has sole voting and investment power with
respect to the securities in the trust. Includes (a) 4,485,901 outstanding common shares, (b) 60,000,000 common shares issuable upon
conversion of a convertible promissory note, (c) 72,700,000 common shares issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock, (d)
5,000,000 common shares issuable upon conversion of our Series B Preferred Stock, and (e) 62,500 outstanding common shares held by Ananda
Cifre, Mr. Wit s spouse. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Category 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, warrants 
 and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise 
 price of outstanding options, warrants and 
 rights (b) 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining available 
 for future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 5,460,000 
 0.70 
 1,407,747 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 5,460,000 
 0.70 
 1,407,747 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships 

The
Cornelis F. Wit Revocable Living Trust owns 4,548,401 shares of our common stock, 3,635,000 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock and 1,000,000 shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, which in aggregate equals approximately 88 of the votes of our
outstanding voting securities. As a result of this majority ownership of voting securities, and the protective provisions contained in
the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which provide that the Company shall not undertake
certain transactions without the prior approval of the holder of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and holder of a majority of
the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, the Wit Trust has the ability to exert substantial control over all matters requiring approval
by our stockholders and our board of directors. 

44 

Related
Party Transactions 

Legal
Services 

A
law firm owned by the brother of Mr. Salgado, our former Chief Executive Officer, renders legal services to the Company. The firm incurred
expenses in aggregate of 0 and 20,020 for such services during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our non-employee directors. In general, these agreements require us to indemnify
each such individual to the fullest extent permitted under Nevada law against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their service
for us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any such proceeding as to which any such individual could be indemnified. 

Financings 

On
April 19, 2021, the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 25,000 to Mr. Vickers. The note
carried an interest rate of eight percent (8 per annum and had a maturity date of May 19, 2021. On May 19, 2021, the Company and Mr.
Vickers extended the maturity date of the note to October 1, 2021. On September 1, 2021, Mr. Vickers converted the outstanding 25,000
in principal and 25,000 in additional consideration for expenses incurred in exchange for 50,000 shares of our Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. The Company paid 740 to Mr. Vickers for accrued interest on the secured convertible promissory note during 2022. 

On
July 22, 2021, the Company issued secured convertible promissory notes to Mr. Johnson in the amount of 50,000 and to Mr. Pino in the
amount of 25,000. The secured convertible promissory notes accrued interest at eight percent (8 per annum and had a maturity date
of October 1, 2021. On August 18, 2021, Mr. Pino converted the outstanding 25,000 in principal in exchange for 25,000 shares of our
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and on September 7, 2021, Mr. Johnson converted the outstanding 50,000 in principal in exchange
for 50,000 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company paid 0 and 153 to Mr. Johnson and Mr. Pino, respectively,
for accrued interest on the secured convertible promissory notes during 2022. 

Policy
Regarding Related Party Transactions 

The
Company has adopted written policies and procedures for identifying and approving or ratifying related person transactions. Any related
party transactions are subject to prior review and approval by a majority of our independent directors, or an appropriate
committee of our board of directors consisting solely of independent directors. Our board s policy requires that
transactions with related parties must be entered into in good faith on fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to us than
those that would be available in a comparable transaction in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party. Based on our
experience, we believe that each of the transactions with related parties complied with our board s policy at the time the transaction
was effected. 

Director
Independence 

The Company s board of directors has determined
that all of our directors are independent within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the
listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market except for Mr. Vickers who is a member of all three of our board committees, who has been
our Chairperson of the Board since May 2021, and who was appointed and has served as our interim CEO since November 7, 2022. While our
board of directors has determined that Mr. Vickers has the extensive financial experience and education to qualify as an audit
committee financial expert, Mr. Vickers is not currently independent and therefore the Company does not have an audit committee
financial expert as the term is defined by the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq
Stock Market. 

45 

Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services. 

Prager Metis
CPAs LLC Prager has been our independent registered public accounting firm since 2018. 

Audit
Fees 

Aggregate audit fees billed by Prager for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, were 99,794 and 62,500, respectively. Audit fees consist of the aggregate
fees billed for professional services rendered for (i) the audit of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K and (ii) the review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

There were
no audit-related fees billed by Prager for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees 

There were
no tax fees billed by Prager for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Provision
of the above services is approved by our audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee generally pre-approves particular
services or categories of services on a case-by-case basis. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required
to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting
firm in accordance with these pre-approvals, and the fees for the services performed to date. All of the services of Prager for 2022
and 2021 described above were pre-approved by the audit committee. 

46 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibit
and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial
Statements . The following financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, are filed
as Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting (PCAOB ID # 273) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules. 

Financial
Statement Schedules are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial
statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits
required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

47 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation (14) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (2) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (3) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Bylaws (4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate (12) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (5) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (12) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Secured Convertible Credit Line Promissory Note dated March 9, 2022 by and between Veritas Farms, Inc. and the Cornelis
 F. Wit Revocable Living Trust (12) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Promissory Note and Schedule of Substantially
Identical Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (13) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Ramon A. Pino (6) 
 
 10.3 
 
 2017
 Stock Incentive Plan (7) 
 
 10.3.1 
 
 Form
 of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (12) 
 
 10.3.2 
 
 Form
 of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (12) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Non-Employee Director Appointment Letter with attached Form of Non-Employee Director Indemnification Agreement (8) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Separation
 Agreement with Erduis Sanabria (9) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Separation
 Agreement with Alexander Salgado (3) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Lease
 with 1815 Building Company, LLC (10) 
 
 10.9 
 
 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (14) 
 
 14 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics (11) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Registrant (11) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Prager Metis CPAs LLC (15) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section
 302 Chief Executive Officer Certification (15) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section
 302 Chief Financial Officer Certification (15) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section
 906 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification (15) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. (15) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. (15) 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (15) 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. (15) 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. (15) 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (15) 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 19, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (4) 
 Filed as an exhibit the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210190) dated March 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (5) 
 Filed as an exhibit the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-235300) dated December 6, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (6) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (7) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 2, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (8) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (9) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 21, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (10) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (11) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed April 23, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (12) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed April 12, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.. 
 
 (13) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (14) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 7, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (15) 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (16) 
 Furnished herewith. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16.
Form 10 K Summary. 

None. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VERITAS
 FARMS, INC. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thomas E. Vickers 

Thomas
 E. Vickers, Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Ramon A. Pino 

Ramon
 A. Pino, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Thomas E. Vickers 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Thomas E. Vickers 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Ramon A. Pino 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Ramon A. Pino 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

/s/
 Kuno D. van der Post 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Kuno D. van der Post 

/s/
 Gary A. Shangold 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Gary A. Shangold 

49 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_veritas.htm
 CONSENT OF PRAGER METIS CPAS LLC

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-229412) of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial
statements of Veritas Farms, Inc. (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph related to Veritas
Farms, Inc.'s ability to continue as a going concern), appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Veritas Farms, Inc, Inc. for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/ Prager Metis CPAs LLC 

Hackensack, New Jersey 

April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_veritas.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Thomas E. Vickers, Chief Executive Officer
(principal executive officer) of Veritas Farms, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant ), certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Registrant; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

VERITAS FARMS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas E. Vickers 

Thomas E. Vickers, Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_veritas.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ramon A. Pino, Chief Financial Officer (principal
financial and accounting officer) of Veritas Farms, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant ), certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Registrant; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

VERITAS FARMS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Ramon A. Pino 

Ramon A. Pino, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_veritas.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Veritas Farms, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Repor t ), the undersigned, Thomas
E. Vickers, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of the Company and Ramon A Pino, Chief Financial Officer (principal
financial and accounting officer) of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas E. Vickers 

Thomas E. Vickers, Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ramon A Pino 

Ramon A. Pino, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vfrm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vfrm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vfrm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vfrm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vfrm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

