<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1759424_0001477932-23-002623.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3472146</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114985</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1703653</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>572135</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>460654</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>575764</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002623.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417122421
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002623
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evil Empire Designs, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001759424
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORCYCLES, BICYCLES & PARTS [3751]
		IRS NUMBER:				455530035
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56212
		FILM NUMBER:		23823333

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		441 EASTGATE RD., STE. A
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(725) 666-3700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		441 EASTGATE RD., STE. A
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002623.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 evil_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

evil_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices, zip code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 441 Eastgate Rd. Henderson, Nevada 89011 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) was approximately . As of April 11, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 16 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 16 Item 2. Properties 16 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 16 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 16 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 17 Item 6. [Reserved] 18 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 18 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 24 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 25 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 26 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 26 Item 9B. Other Information 27 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 27 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 28 Item 11. Executive Compensation 30 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 31 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 32 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 32 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 33 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 33 Signatures 34 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evil Empire Designs, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things: (i) commercialization of our products, (ii) development and protection of our intellectual property, (iii) the Company s need for and ability to obtain additional financing, (iv) industry competition, (v) the exercise of the control over us by Sheila Cunningham, the Company s sole director and officer, and majority shareholder, (vi) other factors over which we have little or no control; and (vii) other factors discussed in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our management has included projections and estimates in this Form 10-K, which are based primarily on management s experience in the industry, assessments of our results of operations, discussions and negotiations with third parties and a review of information filed by our competitors with the SEC or otherwise publicly available. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Our Corporate History and Background Evil Empire Designs, Inc. was incorporated on December 23, 2009, under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name US Tera Energy Corp. Sheila Cunningham has our served our sole director since March 11, 2016, and as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer since March 16, 2016. Our business offices are currently located at 5313 Corbett St., Las Vegas, Nevada 89130. At December 31, 2022, our total current assets were 10,369 and our total current liabilities were 718,555. Our net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 66,943. Our accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022 was (589,698). Our principal administrative offices are located 5313 Corbett St., Las Vegas, Nevada 89130, and our telephone number is (725) 666-3700. Our website is www.evilempiredesigns.com. Summary Financial Information The tables and information below are derived from our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2022. December 31, 2022 Financial Summary Cash and Cash Equivalents 227 Total Assets 314,906 Total Liabilities 721,059 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (406,153 Business Overview At Evil Empire our mission is to design and produce the highest quality aftermarket parts that appeal to middle and upper class female motorcycle enthusiasts to enhance the look of their American V-Twin or metric 1 motorcycle allowing them to express their individuality. 4 Table of Contents Evil Empire designs is committed to providing our customers with products and services that meet, conform to and exceed their individual motorcycle needs, ensuring their design, values and investment expectations are being met. Our target market is middle and upper income female motorcycle enthusiasts. Evil Empire is a professional company that is dedicated to customizing motorcycles with a cutting edge style. Evil Empire designs aftermarket parts and accessories for female motorcyclist who want to express themselves with an original style of their own. Company Goals And Objectives Our goal is to be the number one provider of motorcycle customization parts, as defined by sales revenue, specifically targeted towards women within 5 years. Our objective is to engineer, prototype and manufacture new designs on a consistent schedule to not only stay current, but become a leader in the motorcycle aftermarket industry, while maintaining healthy profit margins. We intend to launch a minimum of two new products per year. Products - Generally Evil Empire offers a line of custom parts and accessories for Harley Davidson or metric motorcycles. Our quality parts are made in the USA and Evil Empire is dedicated to providing the highest standard of customer service. We will engineer, prototype and manufacture new designs on a consistent schedule to stay current in the motorcycle aftermarket industry. Industry Motorcycle customization is a growth industry. And most of that growth is increasingly attributed to new female riders. As women take to riding in larger numbers, they tend to accessorize their bikes in order to display their individuality. We intent to assist these women by providing unique designs and high quality products to make their bikes their own. Core Competencies Evil Empire s core competency is in understanding the biker culture, and the customization market. Our CEO, Sheila Cunningham, an avid motorcycle rider, has been featured in several magazines for her customization work. Her designs have struck a nerve among female riders who seek her out in customizing their own motorcycles. Because we are a growth company requiring additional capital, we ve chosen to incorporate with a view to listing the company so that our investors may achieve liquidity should that be required. Products and Services Aftermarket Body Parts Evil Empire will concentrate on the research, design and development of the finest quality of aftermarket parts, including, but not limited to custom fiberglass saddlebags, side panels, and fenders, gas tanks, and seats. Our custom bags have already been featured in several motorcycle magazines. 5 Table of Contents Billet Aluminum Parts and Accessories Evil Empire will continue to design and manufacture billet floorboards and passenger floorboards, foot pegs, shifter pegs, shift linkages, exhaust tips, handlebar grips, mirrors, license place frames, and various types of billet accessories. Our first two products in this category - custom floorboards and handlebar grips - have already been featured in several magazines. Examples of some of our accessories are s follows: Fat Bob Fender 6 Table of Contents Mid-Controls 7 Table of Contents Exhaust Muffler 8 Table of Contents Faring 9 Table of Contents Hardbags and Lids 10 Table of Contents Mid-Controls 11 Table of Contents Packaged Powder Coated Handgrips Aftermarket Handlebars Evil Empire will offer 3 different design handlebars varying is size and dimensions to accommodate the female rider. Offering them in Chrome Plating, Powdercoat and Raw form. Apparel We also offer t-shirts, hooded sweatshirts and hats that will display the Evil Empire name and Logo. We are committed to providing our customers with products and services that meet, conform to and exceed their individual motorcycle needs. Custom Design In year two, after our launch and media blitz, we plan on offering a custom design service specifically for women. Ms. Cunningham will lead the effort as she already has a following of female riders and has customized several motorcycles. Competitive Advantage Our competitive advantage lies in the uniqueness of our designs and the quality of our merchandise. Our floorboards are manufactured in the United States, are designed correctly and are machined rather than stamped. These factors put us at the top end of the retail price range, but since our target market purchases top end motorcycles, it doesn t make sense to expect them to customize an expensive motorcycle with cheap parts. 12 Table of Contents Pricing We standardize our pricing on our website and throughout our dealer network. Discounting will not be allowed in order to keep the quality image of the product from being tarnished. Sale prices are to be expected at seasonal times and will be permitted, but the sale of the product through discount channels will not. Marketing Plan The Company has conducted both primary and secondary research resulting in key insights to implement our strategic plan. Industry Analysis and Industry Trends Based on information we have obtained from the Whiteboard Research Summary on Motorcycle Industry (the Whiteboard Research Summary ), we believe that the demand for custom aftermarket motorcycle parts and accessories is highly dependent on the number of Harley-Davidson and metric motorcycles sold. We also believe the motorcycle industry itself is highly dependent on disposable income, confidence in the future of the economy, and leisure time. Prior to the recession of 2009, the largest market segment for the previous five years was composed of middle-aged males. As these consumers aged and as the recession hit, motorcycle manufacturers saw sales decline. In the USA, Harley-Davidson, the industry s largest manufacturer reported a sales decline of 23.4 . In response, industry looked for new segments to exploit: expanding overseas, targeting younger/new riders, and targeting women. The Whiteboard Research Summary gave us a snapshot of the overall market. In 2014, consumers in the United States purchased some 484,000 motorcycles; this figure reflects a 3.8 percent increase in total U.S. motorcycle sales over the previous year. The consensus for years going forward calls for a 3 annual growth. Wisconsin based Harley-Davidson had a total market share of 46.5 , up from 36 in 2013. In 2013, Harley-Davidson s 601+cc segment reached a market share of about 55 indicating a heavier weighting on this segment of sales. This segment is also our key target market since these bikes are higher end bikes and their riders are less sensitive to economic fluctuations. The Whiteboard Research Summary concluded that higher incomes, higher consumer confidence in the economy and higher gas prices all contribute to the growth of this market. As part of our primary research, we surveyed riders at motorcycle shows across the USA and Canada. The results for the most part were as expected. Almost all the people we surveyed liked the designs of our handlebars and floorboards. They especially liked the sturdiness of the floorboards. The saddlebags were enthusiastically endorsed as well. One key insight we achieved from this research is that in colder weather (the Canadian motorcycle show), there was concern as to how cold the handlebars would get since they re not insulated. Although this is mitigated by the fact that the majority of our target market is geographically located in California (according to 2013 data, the majority of motorcycle fans reside in California, where almost 800,000 motorcycles are registered.), we have begun designing a handlebar to withstand the Canadian weather. As of 2013, roughly 12 of the riders in the USA were women an increase of about 30 over the last decade according the Motorcycle Industry Council. Whether it is because they ve been targeted, or because they realize the benefits of riding, Harley Davidson, the top-selling motorcycle brand among women in the U.S., sold more new on-road motorcycles to women in the U.S. in 2013. According to a study conducted by Kelton and commissioned by Harley-Davidson recently commissioned Kelton to conduct a study surveying women riders. According to the results: Women riders are more than twice as likely to always feel happy (37 of riders vs. 16 of non-riders) and more than a third (34 reported that they felt less stressed after starting to ride. Further, nearly twice as many always feel confident (35 of riders vs. 18 of non-riders). According to the Harley-Davidson Women Riders Survey, the benefits of riding continue: More riders than non-riders (40 vs. 18 feel extremely satisfied with their careers. More than twice as many riders as non-riders (32 vs. 15 agree that they feel beautiful daily. Women who ride are more content with their significant other (60 percent of riders vs. 38 percent of non-riders) and intimacy (51 percent riders; 35 percent non-riders). More riders than non-riders (75 vs. 64 usually feel content instead of worried, and almost a quarter (23 of riders report that they rarely feel anxious. (http://www.motorcyclecruiser.com/news/women-flock-to-motorcycling-record-numbers) 13 Table of Contents Customers Evil Empire s ideal customer is an upper-middle to upper income female, between the ages of thirty-four and sixty-five. Younger riders may not have the discretionary income to afford our product, and the number of women riding after the age of sixty-five diminishes quickly due to the physical exertion and risk of motorcycle riding. She enjoys riding at least part of the time. She is individualistic and has a personal sense of style. She is confident in herself and her decisions. In short, a powerful, self-fulfilled woman. We intend to appeal to her sense of individuality by offering products that will make her motorcycle stand out from the crowd. Evil Empire products will be easily available to our customer from our website and through motorcycle dealerships. At this time, to keep the final cost to the customer at a minimum, we do not intend to sell through wholesalers or jobbers. Initially we will target dealerships in California, Nevada and Arizona where seasonality in motorcycle riding and customization are not issues. Our research also indicates California has the highest number of motorcycle riders in the country. Competition Competition in the industry is fragmented with no clear market leader. Many of our competitors are well established. Many offer higher end aftermarket motorcycle parts and accessories. Some also offer customization and motorcycle sales. On a stand-alone basis our product offering is comparable to all, and superior to some. Our niche: middle to high-income women who ride at least occasionally, with a sense of self and individuality is unexploited. We intend to fill the void and quickly become the go-to solution for these women. Our competitive advantage is that we are actively targeting a new group of riders the motorcycle manufacturers are starting to exploit before our male-centric competition. In order to capitalize on this we intend to move quickly. Obstacles we ll have to overcome include the established competition and the motorcycle manufacturers themselves who often times offer similar products in their dealerships (although their offerings don t match the quality of our offerings). Strategy Our strategy is based on targeting middle to high-income women who ride at least occasionally, with a sense of self. Positioning Evil Empire will position the Company and its products as a lifestyle brand, made in America for independent women. The intent is to form a cult of customers, in much the same way Harley-Davidson has created a cult of customers. Promotion Our CEO, Sheila Cunningham will conduct interviews with several motorcycle magazines in which she and her products have been featured. Evil Empire will also advertise in these magazines. Our designs and logos are formulated to appeal to women who enjoy the cutting edge in style, and lifestyle. The conversation around these is designed to spark a following using social media, leading to word of mouth proliferation. Evil Empire also intends to inundate trade shows, bike rallies, and other competitions. Our CEO is an accomplished rider and an avid motorcycle racer. We intend to exploit her image as something worthy of aspiration. Each of our products are sold with a quality warranty card. Once filled, Evil Empire will begin building a database of customers to whom we can repeatedly market (the Evil Empire Club ). These customers will get promotions on new products and minimally once a year be invited to a Evil Empire Club ride. The ride will consist of women in the club descending on an unsuspecting SPA town where they will be pampered for a weekend. The publicity generated from this event will be invaluable. 14 Table of Contents The cost of these promotions is minimal. Trade shows and magazine articles are the bigger expenses and have been accounted for in our financial projections. Pricing Evil Empire has priced its products in line with our competitors. The products are priced to reflect the quality of products and also to ensure a good profit for the Company. Evil Empire will compete on brand image, quality of product, and lifestyle. Distribution Channels Evil Empire products will be available on our website and through dealer-retailers. We will not be using wholesalers or jobbers to keep the final retail price in line with our competitors, and to ensure the quality lifestyle image we re trying to create and maintain remains untarnished. Competition and Competitive Strategy We expect that we will compete for members with traditional aftermarket motorcycle parts businesses. We believe that we will face extensive challenges in attempting to compete because we do not have the ability to verify who is purchasing parts that compete with ours, at what cost, and the terms and conditions under which our competitors are offering the same or similar parts as ours. We believe that the market for our products is constantly changing in terms of how consumers purchase aftermarket motorcycle parts and what those consumers particular tastes may be. Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchise Restrictions and Contractual Obligations Concessions We rely on a combination of trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and other contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights, which are primarily our brand names, product designs and marks. We hold one U.S. Design Patent, titled, Side Hardbag for a Motorcycle, which was granted Patent No. D830,056 (the Patent ). The Patent covers claims relating to the ornamental design for a side hardbag for a motorcycle. Barring any unforeseen circumstances, the Company believes the Patent should be valid until November 2036, given that the Patent filing occurred in November 2016. Compliance with Government Regulation We will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the construction and operation of any facility in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. We do not believe that government regulation will have a material impact on the way we conduct our business, however, any government regulation imposing greater fees for Internet use or restricting information exchange over the Internet could result in a decline in the use of the Internet and the viability of Internet-based services, which could harm our business and operating results. Research and Development Activities and Costs We have not incurred any research and development costs for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022. Employees As of the date hereof, we have 1 non-employee director and officer, Sheila Cunningham, who operates our company. The Company also uses approximately 10 independent contractor consultants and advisors in connection with its operations. Description of Properties Our executive offices are located at 5313 Corbett St., Las Vegas, Nevada 89130 , and our telephone number is (725) 666-3700. We do not own any real estate or other physical properties. Bankruptcy or Similar Proceedings We have never been subject to bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceeding. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently do not own any physical property or real property. Our executive offices are located 5313 Corbett St., Las Vegas, Nevada 89130 . We believe that this space is adequate for our present operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 16 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our shares of common stock are quoted on the over-the-counter markets, currently on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the OTC Markets Group ), under the stock symbol EVVL . Our shares of common stock have never traded on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group. Holders As of April 11, 2023, the Company had 8,797,750 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and we had approximately 58 holders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. There are no restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution, unless otherwise permitted under our Articles of Incorporation. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There are no unreported sales of equity securities at December 31, 2022. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The Company does not have any equity compensation plans. 17 Table of Contents Penny Stock Regulations The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Our Common Stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 0.20 million individually, or 300,000, together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OVERVIEW The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 23, 2009, and established a fiscal year end of December 31. Going Concern To date the Company has little operations or revenues and consequently has incurred recurring losses from operations. No revenues are anticipated until we complete the financing we endeavor to obtain, as described in the Form 10-K, and implement our initial business plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund our business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our activities have been financed from related-party loans and the proceeds of share subscriptions. The Company plans to raise additional funds through debt or equity offerings. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise any capital through this or any other offerings. PLAN OF OPERATION We are an early stage corporation and have generated revenues of 48,997 from our business during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the 12 months following the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, will be focused on attempting to raise 750,000 of funds to expand our business. We have no assurance that future financing will materialize. If that financing is not available, we may be unable to continue. Management believes that if we are successful in raising 750,000, we will be able to generate sales revenue within the following twelve months thereof. However, if such public financing is not available, we could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements. We have no assurance that future financing will materialize. If that financing is not available we may be unable to continue. Management believes that if subsequent private placements are successful, we will be able to generate sales revenue within the following twelve months thereof. However, additional equity financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all, and thus we could fail to satisfy our future cash requirements. 18 Table of Contents If we are unsuccessful in raising the additional proceeds through a private placement offering we will then have to seek additional funds through debt financing, which would be highly difficult for an early-stage company to secure. Therefore, the Company is highly dependent upon the success of the anticipated private placement offering and failure thereof would result in the Company having to seek capital from other sources such as debt financing, which may not even be available to the Company. However, if such financing were available, because we are an early stage company, it would likely have to pay additional costs associated with high risk loans and be subject to an above market interest rate. At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing and determine whether the business could sustain operations and growth and manage the debt load. If we cannot raise additional proceeds via a private placement of its common stock or secure debt financing it would be required to cease business operations. As a result, investors in our common stock would lose all of their investment. With new investors joining, the Company will increase its current efforts on marketing and selling its already created variety of products. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 As of December 31, 2022, we suffered from a working capital deficit of 700,477. As a result, our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders or other capital sources. Management believes that the continuing financial support from the existing shareholders and external financing will provide the additional cash to meet our obligations as they become due. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. The following table sets forth certain operational data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues 48,997 25,927 Cost of revenue 35,093 11,564 Gross margin 13,904 14,364 Total operating expenses 25,239 43,260 Other income (expense) (39,635 (38,047 Loss before Income Taxes (50,970 (66,943 Income tax expense - - Net loss (50,970 (66,943 Revenue . We generated revenues of 48,997 and 25,927 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Cost of Revenue . Cost of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 35,093 and 11,564, respectively. Cost of revenue increased primarily as a result of the increase in our business volume. Gross Margin . We achieved a gross margin of 13,904 and 14,364 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The relatively same gross margins is primarily attributable to the relatedly small decrease in our business volume. General and Administrative Expenses G A . We incurred G A expenses of 25,239 and 43,260 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in G A is primarily attributable to a reduction in professional fees. Income Tax Expense . Our income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0. Net Loss . During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 50,970, as compared to 66,943 for the same period ended December 31, 2021. 19 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 227, accounts receivable and accrued expenses of 6,087, convertible notes payable of 375,425, and notes payable of 158,959. We believe that our current cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support general operations for at least the next 12 months. Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided used in operating activities (12,984 (31,609 Net cash provided by investing activities (2,700 (127,500 Net cash provided by financing activities 15,911 153,844 Net Cash Used In Operating Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 12,984, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 3,843 offset by depreciation and amortization of 3,843, changes in operating assets of 2,131 of accounts receivable and (12,000) of other current assets, inventory of 1,736 and accrued expenses and other payables of 44,129. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 31,609, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 66,943 offset by depreciation and amortization of 6,049, changes in operating assets of 6,365 of accounts receivable and 2,268 of other current assets, inventory of 47, and an increase in accrued expenses and other payables of 37,965. We expect to continue to rely on cash generated through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities, however, to finance our operations and future acquisitions. Net Cash Provided By Investing Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there is no net cash provided by investing activities. Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 12,984, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 50,970 offset by depreciation and amortization of 3,843, changes in operating assets of 2,131 of accounts receivable and 12,000 of other current assets, inventory of 1,736, and an increase in accrued expenses and other payables of 44,129. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 31,609, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 66,943 offset by depreciation and amortization of 6,049, changes in operating assets of 6,365 of accounts receivable and 2,268 of other current assets, inventory of 47, and an increase in accrued expenses and other payables of 37,965. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our own shares and classified as shareholders equity, or that are not reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. Moreover, we do not have any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. COVID-19 We continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and our Company and have concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position and results of our operations, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this filing. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 20 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 1. Basis of presentation These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). 2. Use of estimates and assumptions In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheet and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 3. Basis of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation. 4. Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 5. Accounts receivable Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 30 to 90 days from completion of service. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customer's financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectibility. At the end of fiscal year, the Company specifically evaluates individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to monitor the progress of the collection of accounts receivables. The Company will consider the allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. For the receivables that are past due or not being paid according to payment terms, the appropriate actions are taken to exhaust all means of collection, including seeking legal resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no allowance for doubtful accounts. 6. Revenue recognition The Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 as of January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective method. This method allows the Company to apply ASC 606 to new contracts entered into after January 1, 2019, and to its existing contracts for which revenue earned through December 31, 2018 has been recognized under the guidance in effect prior to the effective date of ASC 606. The revenue recognition processes the Company applied prior to adoption of ASC 606 align with the recognition and measurement guidance of the new standard, therefore adoption of ASC 606 did not require a cumulative adjustment to opening equity. Under ASC 606, a performance obligation is a promise within a contract to transfer a distinct good or service, or a series of distinct goods and services, to a customer. Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for goods or services. Under the standard, a contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: identify the contract with a customer; identify the performance obligations in the contract; determine the transaction price; allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 21 Table of Contents The Company records its revenue from booking income upon the ticket booking service is rendered to travelers. The Company also records its revenue from the sale of air tickets upon the confirmation and issuance of tickets to the travelers. 7. Income taxes The Company adopted the ASC 740 Income tax provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 8. Comprehensive income ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income , establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income, as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, consists of changes in unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. 9. Share-based compensation The Company follows ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards, including restricted stock units, based on estimated grant date fair values. Restricted stock units are valued using the market price of the Company s common shares on the date of grant. The Company records compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period. 10. Related parties The Company follows the ASC 850-10, Related Party for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to section 850-10-20 the related parties include a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and Income-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The consolidated financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d) amount due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 22 Table of Contents 11. Commitments and contingencies The Company follows the ASC 450-20, Commitments to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 12. Fair value of financial instruments The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 820-10-35-37 to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below: Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, deposits, prepayment and other receivables, amount due from a director and operating lease right-of-use assets, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 13. Recent accounting pronouncements From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 23 Table of Contents Recently Adopted Accounting Standards In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance that affects loans, trade receivables and any other financial assets that have the contractual right to receive cash. Under the new guidance, an entity is required to recognize expected credit losses rather than incurred losses for financial assets. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted the new guidance effective January 1, 2020, with no material impact to the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance which modifies certain disclosure requirements over fair value measurements. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including all interim periods within that fiscal year. The Company adopted the new guidance effective January 1, 2020. The Company does not currently classify any of its derivative contracts or restoration plan assets as Level 3 assets or liabilities, nor did the Company have any transfers amongst fair value levels during the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, the guidance did not have an impact on Company s the fair value measurement disclosures upon adoption. In January 2017, the FASB issued guidance which eliminates the second step from the traditional two-step goodwill impairment test. Under current guidance, an entity performed the first step of the goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount; if an impairment loss was indicated, the entity computed the implied fair value of goodwill to determine whether an impairment loss existed, and if so, the amount to recognize. Under the new guidance, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value (the Step 1 test), with no further testing required. Any impairment loss recognized is limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The new guidance is effective for public companies that are Securities and Exchange Commission SEC registrants for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2020, and applied the guidance prospectively to its goodwill impairment tests. Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted as of December 31, 2022 In December 2019, the FASB issued new guidance to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and also simplification of areas such as franchise taxes, step-up in tax basis goodwill, separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enactment of tax laws or rate changes. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. In March 2020, the FASB issued guidance to address certain accounting consequences from the anticipated transition from the use of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. The new guidance contains practical expedients for reference rate reform related activities that impact debt, leases, derivatives and other contracts. The guidance is optional and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company elected to apply the hedge accounting expedients related to probability and the assessments of effectiveness for future LIBOR-indexed cash flows to assume that the index upon which future hedged transactions will be based on matches the index of the corresponding derivatives. Application of these expedients preserves the presentation of derivatives consistent with past presentation. The Company continues to evaluate the impact of the guidance and may apply other elections as applicable as additional changes in the market occur. The Company believes that other recent accounting pronouncement will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Subsequent Events None through date of this filing. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. 24 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Evil Empire Designs, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Boyle CPA, LLC F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 25 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Evil Empire Designs Inc. 441 Eastgate Rd Henderson, Nevada 89011 Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Evil Empire Designs Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of year ended December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year then ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company s accumulated deficit and nominal source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters A critical audit matter is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee or the Company s governance and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating a critical audit, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined that there are no critical audit matters communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee. Other Matters The accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Evil Empire Designs Inc. as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes were audited by another Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Boyle CPA, PLLC. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. April 17, 2023 PCAOB ID: F-1 Table of Contents Boyle CPA, LLC Certified Public Accountants Consultants REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company s accumulated deficit and nominal source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of these financial statements. Management s plans are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis of Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Boyle CPA, LLC We have served as the Company s auditor from 2018 to 2023 Bayville, NJ April 25, 2022 331 Newman Springs Road P (732) 784-1582 Building 1, 4 th Floor, Suite 143 F (732) 510-0665 Red Bank, NJ 07701 F-2 Table of Contents EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC . BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Interest receivable Inventory Total current assets Fixed assets Fixed assets, net of depreciation of and Other assets- Investment Note receivable-TOL Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Bank overdraft Accounts payable and accrued expenses Convertible notes payable Notes payable Total current liabilities Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock, par value authorized none are issued or outstanding Common stock, par value authorized, , and issued and outstanding, respectively: Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficit Total liabilities and stockholders deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-1 Table of Contents EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of goods Gross Margin Operating expenses: Professional fees General and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations Other income (expense): Other income Interest expense Total other income (expense) Net income (loss) Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC . STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Additional Total Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income (loss) - Balance at December 31, 2021 Common stock issued for convertible debt Net income (loss) - Balance at December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-3 Table of Contents EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC . STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Bad debt expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Other current assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from in investing activity Investment Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from bank overdraft Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from convertible notes Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents end of period SUPPLEMENT DISCLOSURES: Interest paid Income taxes paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC . NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS shares consisting of of common stock with a par value of per share and shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. On April 24, 2012, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment amending the Articles of Incorporation changing the name of the Corporation to Jaycor Resources, Inc. On September 21, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment amending the Articles of Incorporation changing the name of the Corporation to Evil Empire Designs, Inc. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Accounts Receivable and zero in bad debt expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Inventory Revenue recognition F-5 Table of Contents to years), beginning when the asset is available and ready for use. Expenditures associated with upgrades and enhancements that improve, add functionality, or otherwise extend the life of property and equipment are capitalized, while expenditures that do not, such as repairs and maintenance, are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 depreciation and amortization expense totaled and , respectively. Impairment of long-lived assets Income Taxes Basic and diluted net loss per share Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-6 Table of Contents Related Parties Reclassifications as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficiency of . The Company is establishing nominal source of revenue to cover its operating costs. These factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company will engage in very limited activities that must be satisfied in cash until a source of funding is secured. The Company will offer noncash consideration and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain revenue producing contracts or financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur, it may substantially curtail or terminate its operations or seek other business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements that may dilute the interests of existing stockholders. . The assets are being depreciated over a year life. Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Less: accumulation depreciation Net property and equipment Depreciation expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Table of Contents . As of December 31, 2022 the Company has paid TOL which is carried as other asset on the Company balance sheet. The Company owes TOL to complete the transaction. and , respectively. Components of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance, are as follows at December 31, 2022 and 2021: Less: Valuation Allowance Net Deferred Tax Assets The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Thus, management determined it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accordingly, recorded a full valuation allowance. The Company has not filed tax returns and is subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service for all open years. and , respectively. shares of common stock with a value of for the conversion of convertible notes. . The note bears an interest of per annum and is convertible into common stock at per share. F-8 Table of Contents shares of common stock with a value of for the conversion of convertible notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company issue in notes payable and in convertible notes. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had of convertible notes and of notes payable plus accrued interest of for total of . The Company determined the convertible note does not meet the requirements for derivative liability accounting as described in ASC 815. As the shares of the Company do not have a value other than par, are not readily convertible to cash at the date of issuance and are not registered to be traded. Additionally, there is no beneficial conversion feature described in ASC 470 on the date of issuance. of Top of the Line for and advance Top of the Line in working capital as further expanded in a definitive agreement. The Company made a good faith deposit to Top of the Line (TOL) of at the signing of the agreement and an additional as of September 30, 2021 for a total of . The agreement is effective for 90 days and if terminate by both parties the deposits were to be terminated. As of September 30, 2022 the agreement was still in effect. On July 23, 2021, the Company loaned TOL an additional on demand with an interest rate of per annum through July 23, 2022, and per annum subsequently. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of the note was repaid leaving a balance of . F-9 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer, who acts as both our principal executive office and principal financial officer, is responsible for our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified under SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022 these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. As discussed below, our internal control over financial reporting is an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process, including policies and procedures, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our Chief Executive Officer, who acts as both our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, performed an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, based on such criteria. Deficiencies existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (i) lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and (ii) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Management believes that the lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. Auditor s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting In connection with our continued monitoring and maintenance of our controls procedures as part of the implementation of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we continue to review, test, and improve the effectiveness of our internal controls. There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter and since the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 26 Table of Contents Inherent Limitation on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Changes in Registrant s Certifying Accountant (a) On March 3, 2023, Boyle, CPA, LLC Boyle CPA), notified the Company that it had resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company. The reports of Boyle CPA regarding the Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the statement of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principle. The reports of Boyle CPA, however, stated that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and during the subsequent interim period through the date of dismissal, the Company had no disagreement with Boyle CPA on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Boyle CPA, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the Company s financial statements for such year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. There were no reportable events, as listed in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. The Company provided Boyle CPA a copy of the above disclosures and requested Boyle CPA to furnish a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not it agrees with the above statements. Boyle CPA s response is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) On April 12, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company resolved to engage the independent registered public accounting firm of Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC Victor Mokuolu ), the Company s new independent registered public accountants, which appointment Victor Mokuolu has accepted with the dismissal of Boyle CPA. During the two most recent fiscal years and the interim period preceding the engagement of Victor Mokuolu, the Company has not consulted with Victor Mokuolu regarding either: (i) the application of accounting principles, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by Victor Mokuolu or (iii) any other matter that was the subject of disagreement between the Company and its former auditor as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv), or a reportable event as described in paragraph 304(a)(1)(v), of Regulation S-K. The Company did not have any disagreements Boyle CPA and therefore did not discuss any past disagreements with Victor Mokuolu. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. 27 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held by each person, and the year such director or officer commenced serving in such capacity: Name Age Positions Sheila Cunningham 56 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director Sheila Cunningham Director, President, Secretary and Treasurer Sheila Cunningham, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer since March 16, 2016 and a director since March 11, 2016. Ms. Cunningham, an avid motorcycle rider, has been featured in several magazines for her customization work. Ms. Cunningham has been employed as a motorcycle designer since 2002. In 2002, Ms. Cunningham became a co-owner of, Detroit Custom Choppers, a motorcycle company in Detroit that designed one-off motorcycles. Ms. Cunningham has earned several awards and recognitions for her motorcycle design work, including 1st Pro Street and Best in Show in 2002, at the 50th Anniversary Detroit AutoRama, as well as the Ridler Award in connection with another person. In 2003 Ms. Cunningham and another person won 1st Pro Street at the Las Vegas Bike Fest. Ms. Cunningham and her designs have been featured on magazine covers, including Hot Bike magazine in 2003 and American Bagger magazine in 2010, driving her Harley-Davidson Road King Custom, and the cover of the August 2015 American Bagger magazine. Ms. Cunningham s entrepreneurial desire evidenced by her ideas which led to the establishment of our business, and her experience in the aftermarket motorcycle parts business, led to our conclusion that Ms. Cunningham should be serving as a member of our Board of Directors in light of our business and structure. Director Qualifications We believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our values and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience. Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential director candidates, the Board also considers the candidate s character, judgment, diversity, age and skills, including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the Board. Term of Office All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The Company s Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors will consist of no less than one member. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 28 Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; Being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or Being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Significant Employees and Consultants As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no significant employees. The Company is managed by Sheila Cunningham, our sole director and officer. Audit Committee and Conflicts of Interest Since we do not have an audit, compensation or governance and nominating committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert, nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company is an early stage company and has only one director, and to date, such director has been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our sole director and officer has the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among our directors or officers. Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. Stockholder Communications With the Board Of Directors We have not implemented a formal policy or procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our Board of Directors. Nevertheless, every effort has been made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the Board of Directors or individual directors, as applicable, and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. We believe that we are responsive to stockholder communications, and therefore have not considered it necessary to adopt a formal process for stockholder communications with our Board. During the upcoming year, our Board will continue to monitor whether it would be appropriate to adopt such a process. Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Employment Agreements We have no employment agreements with any of our directors. 29 Table of Contents Indemnification Agreements We have no indemnification agreements with our officers, directors or any other person. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following tables set forth certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our President and all other executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive Officers in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our officers for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods indicated. Non-Equity Incentive Nonqualified Name and Stock Option Plan Deferred All Other Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Awards ) Awards ) Compensation ) Compensation ) Compensation ) Total ) Sheila 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 4,950 4.950 Cunningham (1) 2021 0 0 0 0 0 0 15,525 15,525 ___________ (1) Appointed director on March 11, 2016, and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer on March 16, 2016. Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements The Company has no employment agreements with its officers or any significant employee and did not enter into any employment contracts, termination of employment, or change-in-control arrangements during the year ended December 31, 2022. Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table. There were no stock options exercised by the named executive officers as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards There were no awards made to a named executive officer, under any long-term incentive plan, as of the end of the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. We currently do not pay any compensation to our directors serving on our board of directors. STOCK OPTION GRANTS The following table sets forth stock option grants and compensation or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Sheila Cunningham (1) -0- -0- -0- -0- N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- _____________ (1) Appointed director on March 11, 2016, and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer on March 16, 2016. 30 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table sets forth director compensation or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation( Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation( Total ) Sheila Cunningham (1) -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- ______________ (1) Appointed director on March 11, 2016, and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer on March 16, 2016. We currently do not pay any compensation to our directors for serving on our board of directors. Narrative to Director Compensation Table The following is a narrative discussion of the material information that we believe is necessary to understand the information disclosed in the previous table. Sheila Cunningham receives no compensation solely in his capacity as a director of the Company. All travel and lodging expenses associated with corporate matters are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table lists, as of April 11, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 31 Table of Contents The percentages below are calculated based on 8,797,750 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as April 11, 2023. We do not have any outstanding warrant, options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Common Stock (1) Common Stock Sheila Cunningham (3) 4,500,000 51.1 Common Stock Brian Keasberry (4) 2,050,000 23.3 All directors and executive officers as a group (1 person) 4,500,000 51.1 ______________ (1) Calculated based on 8,797,750 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on April 11, 2023. (2) Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of the Company, at the address of: 5313 Corbett St., Las Vegas, Nevada 89130 . (3) Appointed director on March 11, 2016, and appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer on March 16, 2016. (4) 1,500,000 held indirectly by Atalanta Corp., and 550,000 shares held indirectly by Black Ridge Holdings, Inc. Mr. Keasberry has represented to the Company that he has voting and dispositive control of all such shares. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Related Party Transactions Except as described below, during the past fiscal year, there have been no transactions, whether directly or indirectly, between us and any of our respective officers, directors, beneficial owners of more than 5.0 of our outstanding common stock or their family members, that exceeded the lesser of 120,000 million or 1.0 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last completed fiscal year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid compensation of 4,950 to Sheila Cunningham. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. Our board of directors has not separately designated and standing committees. Accordingly, the duties customarily performed by an audit committee, compensation committee, and governance and nominating committee are performed by our board of directors. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fees charged to the company for audit services, including quarterly reviews were 7,500 and 7,000, for audit-related services were 0 and 0 and for tax services and other services were 0 and 0, respectively. 32 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Boyle CPA, LLC F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 (a) The following Exhibits, as required by Item 601 of Regulation SK, are attached or incorporated by reference, as stated below. Number Description 3.1.1 Articles of Incorporation, dated December 23, 2009 (1) 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment, dated April 24, 2012 (1) 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment, dated April 24, 2012 (1) 3.2 Bylaws (1) 16.1 Letter from Boyle CPA, LLC, dated April 14, 2023 23.1 Consent of Boyle CPA, LLC 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). + 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. + 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. + 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. + 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. + 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. + 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). + _______________ (1) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-231172), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2019. Filed herewith. + XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 33 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Sheila Cunningham Name: Sheila Cunningham Title: Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer, and principal financial officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Sheila Cunningham, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, grant unto said attorney-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the foregoing, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agents, or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Sheila Cunningham Name: Sheila Cunningham Title: President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director (principal executive officer, principal accounting officer, and principal financial officer) 34 

<EX-16.1>
 2
 evil_ex161.htm
 LETTER
 
 evil_ex161.htm EXHIBIT 16.1 April 14, 2023 Office of the Chief Accountant Securities and Exchange Commission 100 F Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20549-7561 We have read the statements of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. included under Item 9B on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We agree with such statements as they pertain to our firm. /s/ Boyle CPA, LLC Boyle CPA, LLC Red Bank, NJ 

</EX-16.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 evil_ex231.htm
 CONSENT
 
 evil_ex231.htm EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the inclusion in this annual report of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K of our report dated April 25, 2022, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, relating to our audit of the balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, and the statements of operations, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes. /s/ Boyle CPA, LLC Boyle CPA, LLC Red Bank, NJ April 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 evil_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 evil_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC. I, Sheila Cunningham, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Sheila Cunningham Sheila Cunningham Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 evil_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 evil_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC. I, Sheila Cunningham, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Sheila Cunningham Sheila Cunningham Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 evil_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 evil_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER OF EVIL EMPIRE DESIGNS, INC. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned, Sheila Cunningham, Chief Executive Officer of Evil Empire Designs, Inc., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Evil Empire Designs, Inc. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Sheila Cunningham Sheila Cunningham Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 evil-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 evil-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 evil-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 evil-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

