<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_943535_0001493152-23-012556.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6670215</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>219564</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1217399</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2072949</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1398716</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1605634</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012556.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417164102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012556
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORLD HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000943535
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				592762023
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30256
		FILM NUMBER:		23824417

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1825 NW CORPORATE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5618700440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1825 NW CORPORATE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ADVANCED PLANT PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012556.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

MARK
ONE: 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number : 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12 (b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered under Section 12 (g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0007 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, were outstanding.
The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) was approximately , as computed by reference to the closing
price of such common stock on OTC Market on such date. 

2022
ANNUA L REPORT (SEC FORM 10-K) 

 INDEX 

 Securities
and Exchange Commission 
Item Number and Description 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

Part I 
 4 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

Part II 
 24 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 25 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 32 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 33 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 33 

Part III 
 34 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 

Part IV 
 40 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 40 
 
 Signatures 
 41 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements. The Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC encourages companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand
a company s future prospects and make informed investment decisions. These statements often can be identified by the fact that
they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They typically use words such as anticipate, estimate, 
 expect, project, intend, plan, believe, should, will 
and similar expressions with similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the Company s future operating or financial performance. 

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance. Any or all forward-looking statements may turn out to be incorrect, and actual results
could differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on current
expectations and the current economic environment. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that are difficult to predict. 

We
caution that these factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements.
Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to
update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent
to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

We
assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect subsequent events or
circumstances or actual outcomes. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as our other SEC filings. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

World Health Energy Holdings WHEN or the Company or us is primarily engaged in the cybersecurity technology field. On April 27, 2020, WHEN completed a reverse triangular merger pursuant to
the Merger Agreement among the Company, R2GA, UCG, SG, and RNA. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, R2GA merged with and into SG,
with SG remaining as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger became effective as of April
27, 2020. Each of Gaya Rozensweig and George Baumeohl, directors of the Company, are also the sole shareholders and directors of UCG. 

RNA
is primarily a research and development company that has been performing software design services in the field of cybersecurity. SG is
primarily engaged in the marketing and distribution of cybersecurity related products. In anticipation of the transaction contemplated
under the Merger Agreement, SG was formed and all of the cybersecurity rights and interests held by UCG, including the share ownership
of RNA, were assigned to SG. 

Following
the closing, each of SG 77 and RNA became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 

Significant
Developments 

Acquisition
of CrossMobnile 

On
March 22, 2022 the Company, CrossMobile Sp z o.o., a company formed under the laws of Poland CrossMobile and the shareholders
of CrossMobile (of which our CEO, Giora Rosenzweig, holds 40.67 and George Baumeohl, a director, holds 6.67 , of the issued preferred
share capital of CrossMobile), entered into an Investment Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which the Company purchased
in July 2022 an initial 26 equity stake of the outstanding common share capital of CrossMobile on a fully diluted basis, in consideration
of the issuance by the Company to CrossMobile of 10,000,000,000 restricted shares of Company . In addition, for 18 months following the
date of the Agreement, the Company has the option to purchase additional shares of CrossMobile, (the Additional Share Purchase
Option ), such that following such additional purchase, the Company shall hold approximately 51 of CrossMobile s outstanding
share capital on a fully diluted basis. On October 25, 2022, the Company exercised the Additional Share Purchase Option to acquire such
additional shares of CrossMobile and the Company now holds approximately 51 of CrossMobile s outstanding share capital on a fully
diluted basis. In consideration for the exercise of the Additional Share Purchase Option, the Company issued to CrossMobile an additional
10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

CrossMobile
provides public mobile telephone services in Europe, (without its own radio infrastructure) We believe that the acquisition of CrossMobile
provides an opportunity in our evolution and provides us with a strong foothold in the European mobile telecom market.. CrossMobile is
planning to roll-out a comprehensive suite of value-added services for B2B and B2C customers in the telecom industry. 

With
our involvement in CrossMobile, we expect to provide advanced cybersecurity solutions and other next-generation value-added services
to CrossMobile s future product offerings. 

The
global telecom market was valued at 1.6 trillion in 2020 and is expected to grow at 5.4 Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) through
2028 1 . The global cybersecurity market was valued at 140 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach 376 billion by 2029 2 .
By combining the telecom focus with our existing cyber security product offering, our plan is to bring to market a new standard of service
in value added telecom and security solutions for B2B and B2C customers alike. 

1
 Global Telecom Services Market Size Report, 2021-2028. (2022). Retrieved 21 August 2022, from https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/global-telecom-services-market 

2
Insights, F. (2022). With 13.4 CAGR, Global Cyber Security Market Size to Surpass USD 376.32 Billion in 2029. Retrieved 21 August
2022, from https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/06/14/2461786/0/en/With-13-4-CAGR-Global-Cyber-Security-Market-Size-to-Surpass-USD-376-32-Billion-in-2029.html 

In
2022 CrossMobile accomplished to the following 

a. 
 Integrated
 IT infrastructure with MNO Telecom operator in Poland on standard packages of Voice, SMS and Data service. (name of Telekom operator
 will be released in separate announcement) 

b. 
 Finalized
 tests of platform for sales and customer care. This platform will be based on in-house artificial intelligence systems to keep
 operating costs substantially below market 

c. 
 Started
 test of integration with and sales of Data packages 

4 

CrossMobile
anticipates that it in Q1-Q2 2023 will be able to 

a. 
 Be
 in the air with standard packages of Voice, SMS and Data in Poland and International Roaming. 

b. 
 Generate
 first invoice for sales of standard packages of Voice, SMS and Data in Poland and International Roaming 

c. 
 Initiate
 cooperation with existing or build new Telecom operators similar to CrossMobile to fully optimize ROI on the investment made in
 people and IT Systems. Focus areas will be USA, UK, Asia Pacific and selected countries in Europe with high potential. 

Acquisition
of Instaview 

On
Feb. 22, 2023 we completed the acquisition of an initial 26 of Instaview Ltd. Instaview ),
an emerging technology company in the field of AI-based image processing systems, thermal cameras, home and enterprise security, livestock
tracking and control appliances plus much more. 

Instaview
is engaged in the field of image processing systems and thermal cameras. Over the past 18 years, Instview has provided innovative security
and managing solutions in hundreds of projects in Israel and overseas. 

We
believe that there is synergy between Instaview and our activities and marks the beginning of the revolution of the home
and enterprise security market, which is estimated to be 120 billion in 2022 and projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate
of 8 through 2030. 

Combined
WHEN Product Offerings 

Our
product offerings are comprised of three complementary segments, namely 

1. 
 Cyber
 Care, which is the long standing and core business segment of WHEN 

2. 
 AI
 based image processing systems such as audio-video systems and security cameras solutions being an off-line extension of the
 on-line Cyber Care services entered through the acquisition of 26 shares in Instaview 

3. 
 Mobile
 telecom GSM which is a new business segment, linking the off and on line business segments entered through the recent acquisition
 of CrossMobile 

All
three are targeting commercial enterprises (B2B) and individual users (B2C). 

Cyber
Care 

B2B
Offerings Our B2B Cybersecurity system software development and implementation program focuses on developing a threat management
software that provides innovative solutions for the constantly evolving cyber challenges of businesses, non-governmental organizations
(NGO s) and governmental entities. 

In
2021 we launched OTOGRAPH, our comprehensive cybersecurity and information security system, to enable business enterprises to monitor,
analyze and prevent suspicious or harmful behavior on corporate networks and connected devices. The OTOGRAPH is designed to analyze and
prevent internal or external abuse or abnormal activity on enterprise devices, such as PCs, mobile phones, servers or any other operating
system (OS)-based Internet of things (IOT) devices. IoT devices are the nonstandard computing devices that connect wirelessly to a network
and have the ability to transmit data. 

The
rapid transition to open and cloud-based remote workforce has exposed businesses and organizations across the world to higher risks of
cyber-attacks and information security breaches. To enable businesses to better protect their data and workflow, we developed a Business
Behavioral Analysis (BBA) system that enables business leaders to track all activity from any given location on a one-stop dashboard.
Developed over the past two years, OTOGRAPH provides aggregated data and a wide variety of real-time analytics such as real time monitoring
of online behavior, applications and system behavior, data breaches, internal and external connections analytics, productivity analysis
and psycholinguistic analysis. Corporations and organizations can then use the dashboard to detect suspicious human or device activities
that put their company at risk. 

5 

OTOGRAPH
was developed based on based on a state of the art intelligence technology combined with AI technology that processes and analyzes massive
amounts of behavioral and communication data and enables organizations to make real time accurate preventive assessments and decisions
to protect company assets and ensure operational efficiency. OTOGRAPH deploys a unique Business Behavioral Analysis (BBA) machine learning
software. Behavioral digital data is extracted from all endpoint devices that are connected to the company s network infrastructure
 whether physically, wirelessly or remotely. The data is processed and analyzed to learn and to reveal the unique digital behavioral
pattern of the organization as a whole and of every endpoint or individual. 

OTOGRAPH
then sets baselines of normal patterns for each, and constantly searches for anomalies deviations from those expected patterns.
The anomalies are detected automatically and instantly, categorized by their type and generate push alerts which are sent to the business
leader s dashboard and enabling him to respond to the threat. 

OTOGRAPH
is continuously learning and calibrating the normal patterns and their thresholds to minimize the number of false alarms and constantly
adapt to the changing needs of organizations in real time. 

In
several business sectors, such as banking, consulting and legal services it is becoming a standard to monitor employees contact
with clients. This especially in heavily regulated roles such as trading. As contact with clients have moved from mails and telephone
to more advanced tools such as the so called encrypted communicators (WhatsApp, Signal, Telegram etc.) OTOGRAPH has been developed to
record and analyze ALL activities on company devices such as mobile phone, tablets etc. 

Each
business owner, CRS or security department decides what, when and how to monitor and where data should be stored. To be in line with
legal requirements for documentation and with respect GDPR, client mostly decides only to record voices of own employees but not customers 

Our
B2C Cybersecurity division targets families concerned with external cyber threats and exposures in addition to monitoring a child s
behavioral patterns that may alert parents to potential tragedies caused by cyber bullying, pedophiles, other predators, and depression. 

SG s
Parental System offers a comprehensive solution which is designed to enable parents wishing to observe their children s online
behavior to learn if they are accessing inappropriate websites and content and/or to protect them from a range of threats including cyberbullying,
pedophiles and other predators and identity theft. 

The
Parental System line is positioned as the ultimate parental cyber solution . This system incorporates a range of features
enabling parents to view and manage their children s Android phones and devices. The key elements of our proprietary solutions
include the following: analysis of all incoming and outgoing written data; analysis of all incoming and outgoing audio communication;
real time location tracking; environmental surroundings analysis; and cyber activity analysis. 

The
Parental System has similar features to those of the B2B yet tailored to fit the needs of parents and guardians to protect their children.
Such variations focus on online behavioral patterns whether vocally, via short message service SMS or social media platforms.
If there is a change in behavior patterns, the product is designed to immediately send the parent or adult guardian an alert. For example,
as stated in several international reports, one of the identifiable indicators before suicide is social withdrawal, something which today
appears as a significant decrease in text message exchanges. The system categorizes this decrease as a red flag. Moreover, there are
certain words and phrases which increase in use prior to suicide which the system will detect these it will put them in the red flag
category. 

https://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/tween-and-teen-health/in-depth/teen-suicide/art-20044308 

6 

While
analyzing voice calls based on; tone of speech, lengths of the conversation and the frequency of calls, Parental System Analytics is
capable of identifying changes in behavioral patterns and flagging these changes. For example, studies showed that with deteriorating
mental health, the frequency of calls decreases and the sentences along with the length of the conversations get shorter. Any such discrepancy
in behavior patterns will send a real time alert to the parent or legal guardian, potentially avoiding a tragedy. 

Strategy
Cyber Care: We believe that the technology underlying our product offering is our primary competitive advantage. The strength of
our solution is driven by several proprietary technologies and methodologies that we have developed, coupled with how we have combined
them into our highly versatile platform incl. the mobile telecom platform discussed below. These advantages enable our end users to 

Prevent
 trade secret and data leakage; 

Protect
 against hackers; 

Minimize
 loss of productivity; 

Detect
 embezzlements and thefts; 

Defend
 employees from harassments; 

Prevent
 talent and client poaching; 

Avoid
 human errors; 

Develop
 a new level of decision-making ability based on accurate and real-time data; and 

Assist
 parents and legal guardians in monitoring their minor children s cyber online activities. 

The
Company s go-to-market strategy focuses principally on generating revenue from software, services and licensing. The Company intends
to drive revenue growth and to achieve margins that are consistent with those of other enterprise software companies. 

We
currently intend to sell substantially all of our products and services to distributors and resellers, which will sell to end-user customers,
which we refer to in this report as our customers. 

We
believe that the COVID-19 pandemic, which continues to impact all of society has increased our long-term opportunity to help our customers
protect their data and detect threats. Companies around the world now have employees working remotely from potentially vulnerable home
networks, accessing critical on-premises data storages and infrastructure through VPNs and sharing information in cloud data stores.
We believe this trend is likely to continue in the long-term and that we are striving to capitalize on the opportunity ahead. 

The
implementation of our strategies is subject to our raising significant cash resources, of which no assurance can be provided that we
will be successful in raising the needed capital on commercially reasonable terms. As of the date of this prospectus, we have no commitments
for any capital raise. 

AI
based audio-video systems and security cameras 

With
several hundred projects in Israel and abroad and 18 years of experience in the field, Instaview develops and provides high quality,
innovative communication solutions. 

Instaview
provides support for its various projects, from the early planning stage through to the completion of the project, with options for using
the most advanced management and control systems in the world. 

7 

Its
systems use solar technology and advanced communication systems independent of electricity and internet infrastructure. The system is
supported by an advanced application that allows visual tracking at any given time from anywhere in the world, with the option of receiving
mobile alerts in real time. 

Instaview
has a wide offering that is complementary to WHEN s on-line Cyber Care solutions. 

Instaview
currently has three main areas of activity for B2B market: 

a) Agriculture
 Instaview supplies cameras and connected security control systems to farmers in order
 to monitor high value crops such as avocado, dates, Christmas trees or stocks of firewood 
 
 b) Construction
 Sites supplying cameras and control systems to monitor activities on construction
 sites, in order to avoid theft of materials, adherence to safety regulations and so on. The
 technology and systems are applicable to ports and other sites which have similar needs. 
 
 c) Crane
 Operator Monitoring working in cooperation with government and labor unions in Israel,
 Instaview has developed an advanced technology based system to verify the identification
 of crane operators and to ensure adherence to operating times and regulations generally. 

For
the B2C market following services will bring added value to the WHEN group customers 

a) Intelligent
 homes and small offices (gas and flood detectors, door and window alarms etc) 
 
 b) Collars
 for pets, cats and dogs with SIM cards for GPS location 
 
 c) Alert
 and location bracelets with SIM cards for GPS location for e.g. senior people 

Mobile
telecom GSM 

Following
the first step, our next planned strategy is to add the advanced B2B and B2B Cyber Care bundled with the audio-video systems and security
cameras solution and offer them as an integrated part of our GSM solutions. This will give our B2B the possibility to use the AI and
BBA as a tool to increase not only security but as well efficiency in sales organizations where soft skills, emotions and personal relations
are crucial. 

In
respect to the B2C market our strategy is to give families a tool to protect their assets and entire households in particular kids or
pets and evenelderly members being fragile newcomers in the world of e-commerce, on-line banking and on-line dating. 

The
third step expected to be initiated in Q3 2023 in is to copy and paste the same scenario of combining Cyber Care and Mobile Telecom to
other selected markets in North Africa, the USA and Europe. 

Product and Sales strategy 

CrossMobile
will rollout the safest online communication highway in the world with stops where you buy 

off-the-shelf, 
 
 modular 
 
 self-configurable 

value-added
services such as 

a. Private
 Care (WHEN solutions) 

a. Kid
 protection 
 
 b. Boost
 learning capability of you kids by making them feel safe online 
 
 c. Senior
 citizen protection against e-criminals 
 
 d. Mental
 Health monitoring 

8 

e. Sleep
 monitoring and apnea treatment 
 
 f. Secure
 online sessions with psychologist 
 
 g. Health
 insurance 

b. Internet
 of Things for Intelligent homes (Instaview solutions) 

a. Camera 
 
 b. Access
 control, 
 
 c. Electricity
 control 
 
 d. Smoke
 detection 
 
 e. Pet
 band with sim card 
 
 f. Home
 insurance 

c. Secure
 Business everywhere (WHEN solutions / in cooperation with local partner) 

a. Encrypted
 calls 
 
 b. Monitoring
 Calls by Virtual Number for marketing and selling products 
 
 c. Cloud
 IP PBX 
 
 d. IVR
 services 
 
 e. Virtual
 Conference rooms and calls 
 
 f. SMS
 for Business (API), Bot SMS, verification SMS 
 
 g. Protect
 your business ideas in the world of e-commerce 
 
 h. Outsmart
 the digital intruder 
 
 i. Business
 insurance 

d. Travel
 Services (in cooperation with local partner) 

a. Roaming 
 
 b. Travel
 insurance 

e. Financial
 service (in cooperation with local partner) 

a. Currency
 exchange 

f. OTOGRAPH
 Cybersecurity (WHEN solutions) 

a. Employee
 monitoring 
 
 b. Employee
 surveys with soft data analysis 
 
 c. Customer
 interaction profiling 
 
 d. Emotional
 intelligence navigator 
 
 e. Fence
 against digital intruder 
 
 f. Business
 insurance 

g. Asset
 Management (Instaview solutions) 

a. GPS
 tracker on assets in transport and remote locations 

That
will meet demanding and ever-changing needs of customers, from large enterprises to individual consumer providing opportunities for rapid
top-line growth. 

The
key word in all sales activities is cross-selling 

9 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
currently license the vast majority of our products and services thru a global network of resellers and distributors that we refer to
as our channel partners. Only CrossMobile has a dedicated direct sales strategy. Our channel partners identify potential sales targets,
maintain relationships with customers and introduce new products to existing customers. Sales to our channel partners are generally subject
to our standard, non-exclusive channel partner agreement. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development efforts are focused primarily on improving and enhancing our existing products, as well as developing new products,
features and functionality. Use of our products has expanded from data governance into areas such as data security, privacy, accessibility
and retention, and we anticipate that customers and innovation will drive functionality into additional areas. We regularly release new
versions of our products which incorporate new features and enhancements to existing ones. We conduct substantially all of our research
and development activities in Israel, and we believe this provides us with access to world-class engineering talent. In addition, we
continue to seek opportunities to extend our technological capabilities and grow our business from strategic technological tuck-in acquisitions. 

Competition 

Our
main competition in the global parental control software market are McAfee LLC (US), Avanquest (France), Bitdefender (Romania), SaferKid
(US), Symantec Corporation (US), Webroot Inc. (US), Content Watch Holdings, Inc. (US), Verizon Communications Inc. (US), Mobicip LLC
(US), and Trend Micro Inc. (Japan). These are companies that may have been in the market longer than our company, and/or have a more
recognizable name, but our proprietary algorithms are designed to trace behavioral pattern changes in the user as opposed to the machine,
thus providing a better understanding of the user. 

With
regards to the B2B product and software available to protect businesses, we believe that our B2B solution is truly unique. Our main known
competitor is Checkpoint Systems, yet, our cyber software provides unique protection by analyzing inner company behavioral patterns as
well as external, thus aiding our clients to foresee security breaches whether from an internal or external threat. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
attempt to protect our technology and the related intellectual property under trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting our products. The nature and extent of legal protection
of our intellectual property rights depends on, among other things, its type and the jurisdiction in which it arises. We currently have
no issued patents. 

We
rely on our unpatented proprietary technology and trade secrets. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees,
consultants, service providers, vendors and customers and generally limit internal and external access to, and distribution of, our proprietary
information and proprietary technology through certain procedural safeguards. We also rely on invention assignment agreements with our
employees, consultants and others, to assign to the Company all inventions developed by such individuals in the course of their engagement
with the Company. 

In
addition to Company-owned intellectual property, we license software from third parties for integration into our solutions, including
open-source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew
licenses relating to various aspects of our products, processes and services. While we have generally been able to obtain such licenses
on commercially reasonable terms in the past, we cannot provide assurance that such third parties will maintain such software or continue
to make it available. 

10 

Financial
Support 

In November 2022, we entered into an investment agreement with George Baumeohl,
our director, pursuant to which Mr. Baumeohl has agreed to support our operation by way of an equity investment of up to 3 million through
August 2025, as needed. The agreement provides for sales of our common stock go Mr. Baumeohl at per share purchase prices ranging between
 0.0003 and 0.0005. As of the date of this report, we have received an aggregate of 475,000 from Mr. Baumeohl 

Competition 

Our
main competition in the global parental control software market are McAfee LLC (US), Avanquest (France), Bitdefender (Romania), SaferKid
(US), Symantec Corporation (US), Webroot Inc. (US), Content Watch Holdings, Inc. (US), Verizon Communications Inc. (US), Mobicip LLC
(US), and Trend Micro Inc. (Japan). These are companies that may have been in the market longer than our company, and/or have a more
recognizable name, but our proprietary algorithms are designed to trace behavioral pattern changes in the user as opposed to the machine,
thus providing a better understanding of the user. 

With
regards to the B2B product and software available to protect businesses, we believe that our B2B solution is truly unique. Our main known
competitor is Checkpoint Systems, yet, our cyber software provides unique protection by analyzing inner company behavioral patterns as
well as external, thus aiding our clients to foresee security breaches whether from an internal or external threat. 

The
mobile GSM market in Europe is in general very competitive. Based on own market research, we believe that by combining our thee business
units, we possess competitive advantages. 

Regulatory
Environment 

Foreign
and domestic laws and regulations apply to many aspects of the Company s business. 

The
Company collects and uses a wide variety of information for various purposes in its business, including to help ensure the integrity
of its services and to provide features and functionality to customers. This aspect of the Company s business is subject to a broad
array of evolving privacy and data protection laws, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation national
and state laws within the United States, including the California Privacy Rights Act. These laws impose strict operational requirements
and can provide for significant penalties for non-compliance. Elements of these evolving laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation
and enforcement, remain unclear and the Company may be required to modify its practices to comply with them in the future. 

Employees 

As
of April 10, 2023, we had eight (8) employees, of which Five (5) are primarily engaged in research and development and three (3) in administrative
positions. 

Other
Corporate Holdings 

We
currently also have the following subsidiaries, which are currently inactive. 

FSC
Solutions, Inc. On June 26, 2015, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with FSC and its shareholders
which included Uri Tadelis, our former Chief Executive Officer and Director and our former Directors Chaim J. Lieberman and Gal Levy.
The Agreement was effective as of July 1, 2015 which served as the closing date for the acquisition. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement,
we acquired all of the capital stock of FSC in exchange for the issuance of 70 billion shares of our unregistered common stock with the
possibility of the issuance of an additional 130 Billion common shares upon FSC meeting certain milestones as outlined in the Agreement.
Upon completion of the acquisition of FSC, we intended to employ FSC s software and trading platform to enter the on-line trading
industry. Subsequent to the completion of the acquisition, we determined that FSC did not have control over the trading platform and
software we expected to acquire and operate. Please refer to Item 3 of this report. 

11 

World
Health Energy, Inc . World Health Energy, Inc. owns an algae-tech business whose primary focus was the production of algae using their
proprietary GB3000 growth system. The system quickly and efficiently grows algae for the production of biofuels and food protein. We
also sought to produce and market high-quality, low-cost B100 biodiesel. Though, we believe that the Company has been successful in demonstrating
the effectiveness of the GB3000 system on a small-scale the Company has not yet been able to raise the necessary capital to implement
their technologies on a commercial scale. 

Available
Information 

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov . The Company s websites are located. Information
contained on, or accessible through, these websites, or any website stated in this report, is not a part of, and is not incorporated
by reference into, this report. 

Risk
Factors. 

You
should consider each of the following risk factors and any other information set forth in this Form. 10-K as the other Company s
reports filed with the SEC, including the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes, in evaluating the Company s
business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that impact the Company s operations
and business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company, or that the Company currently considers immaterial,
may also impair its business or operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s business and financial
condition, results or prospects could be harmed. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

We
will need to raise significant capital in order to realize our business plan and the failure to obtain the needed funding could lead
to our operational failure. 

We
will need to raise additional working capital in order to design and develop our second-generation online security and data protection
technologies, expand our market strategy and potentially acquire complementary technologies. Without adequate funding, we also may not
be able to accelerate the development and deployment of our products, respond to competitive pressures and develop new or enhanced products.
At the present time, we have no commitments for any financing, and there can be no assurance that capital will be available to us on
commercially acceptable terms or at all. We may have difficulty obtaining additional funds as and when needed and we may have to accept
terms that would adversely affect our stockholders. Any failure to achieve adequate funding will delay our development programs and product
launches and could lead to abandonment of one or more of our development initiatives, as well as prevent us from responding to competitive
pressures or take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities. 

Any
additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and debt and certain types of equity financing, if available, may involve
restrictive covenants or other provisions that would limit how we conduct our business or finance our operations. 

Even
if we raise funds to address our immediate working capital requirements, we also may be required to seek additional financing in the
future to respond to increased expenses or shortfalls in anticipated revenues, accelerate product development and deployment, respond
to competitive pressures, develop new or enhanced products, or take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities. 

12 

We
have a history of losses and expect to incur losses and negative operating cash flows in the future. 

We
expect our operating losses to continue as we continue to expend resources to further develop and enhance our technology offering, to
complete prototypes for proof-of-concept, obtain regulatory clearances or approvals as required, expand our business development activities
and finance capabilities and conduct further research and development. We also expect to experience negative cash flow in the short-term
until licensing revenues increase from our planned acquisitions. 

The
nature of the technology platforms utilized by us are complex and highly integrated, and if we fail to successfully manage releases or
integrate new updates, it could harm our revenues, operating income, and reputation. 

The
technology platforms developed by us accommodate integrated applications that include our own developed technology and third-party technology,
thereby substantially increasing their functionality. By enabling such system interoperability, our communications platform both reduces
implementation and ongoing costs, and improves overall management efficiencies. 

Due
to this complexity and the condensed development cycles under which we operate, we may experience errors in our software, corruption
or loss of our data, or unexpected performance issues from time to time. For example, our solutions may face interoperability difficulties
with software operating systems or programs being used by our customers, or new releases, upgrades, fixes or the integration of acquired
technologies may have unanticipated consequences on the operation and performance of our other solutions. If we encounter integration
challenges or discover errors in our solutions late in our development cycle, it may cause us to delay our launch dates. Any major integration
or interoperability issues or launch delays could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating income and reputation. 

Security
breaches, cyberattacks or other cyber-risks of our IT and production systems could expose us to significant liability and cause our business
and reputation to suffer and harm our competitive position. 

Our
corporate infrastructure stores and processes our sensitive, proprietary and other confidential information (including as related to
financial, technology, employees, marketing, sales, etc.) which is used on a daily basis in our operations. In addition to that, our
software involves transmission and processing of our customers confidential, proprietary and sensitive information. We have legal
and contractual obligations to protect the confidentiality and appropriate use of customer data. 

High-profile
cyberattacks and security breaches have increased in recent years, with the potential for such acts heightened as a result of the number
of employees working remotely. Security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyberattacks
targeting IT products and enterprise infrastructure. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change
frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a specific target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or
to implement adequate preventative measures. As we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a
target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems and we anticipate that hacking attempts and cyberattacks will increase
in the future. We cannot give assurance that we will always be successful in preventing or repelling unauthorized access to our systems.
We also may face delays in our ability to identify or otherwise respond to any cybersecurity incident or any other breach. Additionally,
we use third-party service providers to provide some services to us that involve the storage or transmission of data, such as SaaS, cloud
computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth, and they face various cybersecurity threats and also may suffer cybersecurity incidents
or other security breaches. Despite our security measures, our IT and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks. Threats to IT security
can take a variety of forms. Individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations
or nation-states, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our IT. These actors may use a wide variety of
methods, which may include developing and deploying malicious software or exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software, or other
infrastructure in order to attack our products and services or gain access to our networks, using social engineering techniques to induce
our employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose passwords or other sensitive information or take other actions to gain access
to our data or our users or customers data, or acting in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service or
other coordinated attacks. Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access to confidential and/or sensitive
data. 

13 

Security
risks, including, but not limited to, unauthorized use or disclosure of customer data, theft of proprietary information, theft of intellectual
property, theft of internal employee s PII/PHI information, theft of financial data and financial reports, loss or corruption of
customer data and computer hacking attacks or other cyberattacks, could require us to expend significant capital and other resources
to alleviate the problem and to improve technologies, may impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy
of their data, may result in product development delays, may compromise confidential or technical business information, may harm our
competitive position, may result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets and could expose us to substantial litigation
expenses and damages, indemnity and other contractual obligations, government fines and penalties, If an actual or perceived breach of
our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and our products could be harmed, we could lose
potential sales and existing customers, our ability to operate our business could be impaired, and we may incur significant liabilities,
and we could suffer harm to our reputation and competitive position, and our operating results could be negatively impact our business. 

The
market opportunity for our products and services may not develop in the ways that we anticipate. 

The
demand for our products and services can change quickly and in ways that we may not anticipate because the market in which we operate
is characterized by rapid, and sometimes disruptive, technological developments, evolving industry standards, frequent new product introductions
and enhancements, changes in customer requirements and a limited ability to accurately forecast future customer orders. Our operating
results may be adversely affected if the market opportunity for our products and services does not develop in the ways that we anticipate
or if other technologies become more accepted or standard in our industry or disrupt our technology platforms. 

If
we are unable to maintain successful relationships with our channel partners, our business could be adversely affected. 

We
rely on channel partners, such as distribution partners and resellers, to sell licenses and support and maintenance agreements for our
software and to perform some of our professional services. Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend in part on
our success in maintaining successful relationships with our channel partners. 

Our
agreements with our channel partners are generally non-exclusive, meaning our channel partners may offer customers the products of several
different companies. If our channel partners do not effectively market and sell our software, choose to use greater efforts to market
and sell their own products or those of others, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, including through the provision of professional
services for our software, our ability to grow our business, sell our software and maintain our reputation may be adversely affected.
Our contracts with our channel partners generally allow them to terminate their agreements for any reason upon 30 days notice.
A termination of the agreement has no effect on orders already placed. The loss of a substantial number of our channel partners, our
possible inability to replace them, or the failure to recruit additional channel partners could materially and adversely affect our results
of operations. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with these channel partners, our business, results of operations, financial
condition or cash flows could be adversely affected. Finally, even if we are successful, our relationships with channel partners may
not result in greater customer usage of our products and professional services or increased revenue. 

The
online security and device management industry is highly competitive, and we have a number of competitors that are larger and have greater
resources. 

We
operate in an intensely competitive market which experiences rapid technological developments, changes in customer requirements and changes
in industry standards. These in addition to the frequent new product introductions and improvements offered by our competitors. Our competitive
position could weaken, and we could experience a drop-in revenue in we are not able to anticipate or react to competitive challenges
or if new or existing competitors gain market share in any of our markets. In order to successfully compete, we must maintain a successful
research and development effort to develop new product and enhance our existing products. Should we not be successful in responding to
our competitors or to changing technological and customer demands, the outcome could be a negative effect on our competitive position
and our financial results. 

14 

Another
challenge is the growing competition from network equipment and computer hardware manufacturers as well as large operating system providers.
These firms continuously develop and incorporate into their products data protection and storage and server management software that
competes at some levels with our product offerings. Our competitive position could be adversely affected to the extent that our customers
perceive the functionality incorporated into these products as replacing the need for our products. 

Many
of our competitors have deeper pockets, greater technical, sales, marketing, or other resources than we do and consequently may have
the ability to influence customers to purchase their products instead of ours. 

There
is uncertainty as to market acceptance of our technology and services. 

The
demand for our products and services can change quickly and in ways that we may not anticipate because the market in which we operated
is characterized by rapid, and sometimes disruptive, technological development. 

We
may not be able to complete or integrate successfully any potential future acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures. 

Acquisitions
can involve a number of special risks and challenges, including but not limited to: 

Complexity,
 time and costs associated with the integration of acquired business operations, workforce, products and technologies into our existing
 business, sales force, employee base, product lines, and technology. 

Management
 distraction from our existing business and other business opportunities. 

Employee
 termination could occur and thus inducing costs associated with the termination of those employees. 

Assumption
 of debt or other liabilities of the acquired business, including litigation related to the acquired business. 

Increased
 expenses and working capital requirements. 

Dilution
 of existing stockholders shares. 

Increased
 costs and efforts in connection with compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Integrating
an acquired business can be complex, time consuming, as well as an expensive process, which can impact the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. 

If
such integration is unsuccessful, we may not realize the potential benefits of an acquisition or suffer from adverse effects that we
currently cannot foresee. 

Any
of the foregoing, along with other factors, could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability from such acquired
businesses or to realize other anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. Due to the fact that acquiring high technology companies is
inherently risky, there can be no assurance that future acquisitions will be successful and shall not adversely affect our business,
financial condition or operating results. 

15 

If
we cannot keep pace with rapid developments and changes in our industry and provide new services to our clients, the use of our services
could decline, reducing our revenues. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to respond to the rapidly changing needs of our customers by developing product upgrades and introducing
new products on a timely basis. Though we have and continue to incur, significant research and development expenses, the development
and introduction of a new product involves significant resources and time commitment and is therefore subject to risks including: 

Managing
 the length of the development cycle for new product enhancements, which could be longer than originally anticipated. 

Adapting
 our products to the endlessly evolving industry standards and to our competitors technological developments. 

Entering
 into new markets in which we have limited experience. 

Incorporating
 acquired products and technologies. 

Integrating
 our various security and storage technologies, management solutions, and support into unified enterprise security and storage solutions. 

Developing
 or expanding efficient sales channels. 

In
addition, if we cannot adapt our business models to keep pace with industry trends, our revenue could be negatively impacted. 

If
we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, or if our new products, product upgrades, and services are not technologically
competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our
cybersecurity system might be used for fraudulent, illegal or improper purposes, which could expose us to additional liability and harm
our business. 

Reputation
in the cybersecurity field is an important corporate asset. An operating incident, significant cybersecurity disruption, or other adverse
event may have a negative impact on our reputation. This, in turn, could make it more difficult for us to compete successfully for new
opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, or could reduce consumer demand for our branded products. 

Furthermore,
such disruptions or fraudulent use could expose us to liabilities such as lawsuits and settlements. Such liabilities could be time consuming,
costly and harmful to our business and funds. 

We
may be subject to the risks of doing business internationally. 

We
have significant operations outside of the U.S., including engineering, sales, customer support and production, these will be subject
to risks in addition to those faced by our domestic operations such as: 

Potential
 loss of proprietary information due to misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights that
 U.S. laws or may not be adequately enforced. 

Governmental
 control and other foreign law requirements, including labor restrictions and related laws that can impact our business operations. 

Restrictions
 on our ability to repatriate cash from our international subsidiaries or to exchange cash availability for use in the U.S. 

Fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates and economic instability such as higher interest rates in the U.S. and inflation could reduce our customers 
 ability to obtain financing for software products or could make our products more expensive or could increase our costs of doing
 business in certain countries. 

Longer
 payment cycles due to sales in foreign countries. 

16 

Difficulties
 related to administering a stock plan in some foreign countries. 

Delays
 and costs related to developing software and providing support in various languages. 

Political
 unrest, war, or terrorism, particularly in areas in which we have facilities. 

Costs
of compliance with laws and regulations 

We
are subject to regulatory environment changes regarding privacy and data protection and could have a material impact on our results of
operations. 

The
growth and expansion of the company into a variety of new fields may potentially involve new regulatory issues/requirements such as the
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) Cybersecurity Regulation. The potential
cost of compliance with or imposed by new/existing regulations and policies that are applicable to us may affect the use of our products
and services and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

We
may not be able to successfully protect the intellectual property we license and may be subject to infringement claims. 

We
rely on a combination of contractual rights, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology.
We customarily require our employees and independent contractors to execute confidentiality agreements or otherwise to agree to keep
our proprietary information confidential when their relationship with us begins. Typically, our employment contracts also include clauses
requiring our employees to assign to us all of the inventions and intellectual property rights they develop in the course of their employment
and to agree not to disclose our confidential information. Nevertheless, others, including our competitors, may independently develop
similar technology to that licensed by us, duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property. Further, contractual arrangements
may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information or ensure an adequate remedy in the event of any unauthorized
disclosure of our confidential information. Because of the limited protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights in many
foreign markets, our intellectual property rights may not be as protected as they may be in more developed markets such as the United
States. We may have to litigate to enforce or determine the scope or enforceability of our intellectual property rights (including trade
secrets and know-how), which could be expensive, could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual
property protection could harm our business and ability to compete and could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain
service offerings or other competitive harm. Additionally, we do not hold any patents for our business model or our business processes,
and we do not currently intend to obtain any such patents in Mexico, the United States or elsewhere. 

We
may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services or the technology that we license are claimed to infringe, misappropriate
or otherwise violate any third party s intellectual property or proprietary rights. Such claims could include patent infringement,
copyright infringement, trademark infringement, trade secret misappropriation or breach of licenses. We may not be able to successfully
defend against such claims, which may result in a limitation on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims
and also might require us to redesign affected services, enter into costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards,
or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our services. In such circumstances,
if we cannot or do not license the infringed technology on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our
revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted. Additionally, in recent years, non-practicing entities have been acquiring patents,
making claims of patent infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies in our industry. Even if we believe that such
claims are without merit and successfully defend these claims, defending against such claims is time consuming and expensive and could
result in the diversion of the time and attention of our management and employees. 

17 

If
we don t have sufficient resellers it is possible we won t have sufficient funds for aggressive advertising campaigns thus
resulting in deficits. 

We
sell our products to customers around the world through resellers. Sales through indirect channels involve a number of risks, including: 

Our
 resellers are not subject to minimum sales requirements or to any obligations to market our products to their customers 

Our
 reseller agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause. 

It
 is possible that our resellers distribute competing products and may, occasionally, place a greater emphasis on the sale of these
 products due to pricing, promotions, and other terms offered by such competitors. 

We
are subject to Currency exchange rate fluctuations 

Our
exposure to exchange risk mainly involves sales negotiated with customers in U.S. dollars net of expenses and possible investment or
loan repayments in this currency. The change in foreign currencies compared to the Israeli Shekel may have an impact on the profit and
loss statements for the Company. 

Fluctuations
in demand for our products and services are driven by many factors, and a decrease in demand for our products could adversely affect
our financial result. 

We
are subject to fluctuations in demand for our products and services due to a variety of factors, including general economic conditions,
competition, technological changes, changes in buying patterns, financial difficulties and or budget cuts of our actual and potential
customers or resellers, awareness of security threats to IT systems, and other factors. Though such factors can at times increase our
sales, yet such fluctuations could have a negative impact on our product sales. If for any reason the demand for our products declines,
our revenues and gross margin could be adversely affected. 

Our
products are complex and operate in a wide variety of computer configurations, which could result in errors or product failures. 

Due
to the complexity of our product, there is a chance that our products contain undetected errors, failures, or bugs, especially when products
are first introduced or when new versions are released. Our products are installed and used in large-scale computing environments, therefore
are subject to different operating systems, system management software and network configurations, all of which may cause errors or a
failure in our products. Furthermore, these may expose undetected errors, failures, or bugs in our products. 

Errors,
failures, or bugs in our products could result in negative reviews and publicity, causing damage to our brand name, product returns.
These in turn could result in loss of market acceptance, loss of competitive position, or claims by customers. Finally, if an actual
or perceived breach of information integrity or availability occurs in one of our customer s systems, regardless of whether the
breach is attributable to our products, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products could be harmed. 

Solving
any of these problems could require significant expenses and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays, or cessation of our
product licensing, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers and thus affect our operating results. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, lose key personnel, fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, or
fail to manage our employee base effectively, we may be unable to develop new and enhanced products and services, effectively manage
or expand our business, or increase our revenues. 

Our
future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain our key management, technical, sales, marketing, finance, and other critical
personnel. Our officers and other key personnel are employees-at-will, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain them as
the competition for workers with the specific skills that we require is significant. In order to attract and retain personnel in a competitive
marketplace, we believe that we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash and equity-based compensation. The unpredictability
in our stock price may from time to time unfavorably affect our ability to recruit or retain employees. In addition, we may be unable
to obtain required stockholder approvals of future increases in the number of shares available for issuance under our equity compensation
plans, and accounting rules require us to treat the issuance of employee stock options and other forms of equity-based compensation as
compensation expense. As a result, we may decide to issue fewer equity-based incentives and may be impaired in our efforts to attract
and retain necessary personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees, or conversely, if we fail to manage employee
performance or reduce staffing levels when required by market conditions, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

18 

Similarly
to every work place, from time to time, key personnel in our company may leave, which may in turn have a negative impact and result in
significant disruptions to our operations, including harming the timeliness product release, the successful implementation and completion
of company initiatives, effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reports, and
the results of our operations. Furthermore, recruiting, training and successfully integrating replacement employees could be time consuming
and may result in additional disruptions to our operations, which could in turn negatively impact future revenues. 

Third
parties claiming that we infringe their proprietary rights could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling
our products. 

There
is a possibility of future claims that we allegedly infringed the intellectual property rights of others, including claims regarding
patents, copyrights, and trademarks. In addition, former employers of our former, current, or future employees may assert claims that
such employees have improperly disclosed to us the confidential or proprietary information of these former employers. Any such claim,
with or without merit, could result in costly litigation and distract management from day-to-day operations. If we do not successfully
defend our company of such claims, we could be forced to stop selling, or redesign our products, pay monetary amounts as damages, enter
into royalty or licensing arrangements, or satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with some of our customers. We cannot assure
you that any royalty or licensing arrangements that we may seek in such circumstances will be available to us on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. 

We
must comply with governmental regulations setting privacy standards. 

Governmental
regulations setting environmental standards influence the design, components or operation of our products. New regulations and changes
to current regulations are always possible and, in some jurisdictions, regulations may be introduced with little or no time to bring
related products into compliance with these regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may prevent us from selling our
products in certain countries. In addition, these regulations may increase our cost of supplying the product by forcing us to redesign
existing products or to use more expensive designs or components. This may induce unexpected costs or operational complexities to bring
products into compliance. Such could have an adverse effect on our revenues, gross profit margins and results of operations and increase
the volatility of our financial results. 

In
addition, our business could be significantly adversely affected by other business disruptions to us or our third party collaborators
that could seriously harm our potential future revenue and financial condition. Our operations, and those of our collaborators, contract
manufacturing organizations (CMOs) and other contractors, consultants, and third parties could be subject to other global pandemics,
earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions,
medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The
occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and
expenses. 

19 

It
may be difficult to enforce a U.S. judgment against us, our officers and directors and the foreign persons named in this registration
statement in the United States or in foreign countries, or to assert U.S. securities laws claims in foreign countries or serve process
on our officers and directors and these experts. 

While
we are incorporated in the State of Delaware, currently all of our directors and executive officers are not residents of the United States,
and the foreign persons named in this Annual report on Form 10-K are located outside of the United States. The majority of our assets
are located outside the United States. Therefore, it may be difficult for an investor, or any other person or entity, to enforce a U.S.
court judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us or any of these persons in a
U.S. or foreign court, or to effect service of process upon these persons in the United States. Additionally, it may be difficult for
an investor, or any other person or entity, to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in foreign countries.
Foreign courts may refuse to hear a claim based on a violation of U.S. securities laws on the grounds that foreign countries are not
necessary the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. Even if a foreign court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine
that foreign law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law
must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also be governed by foreign
countries law. There is little binding case law in foreign countries addressing the matters described above. 

We
may be subject to numerous and varying privacy and security laws, and our failure to comply could result in penalties and reputational
damage. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations covering data privacy and the protection of personal information, including health information. The
legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy
and data protection issues which may affect our business. In the U.S., numerou s federal and state laws and regulations, including state
security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the
collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information. Each of these laws is subject to varying interpretations by courts
and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations we could
be subject to penalties or sanctions, including criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health
information from a covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HIPAA. 

Other
countries have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission of personal information as well. The EU and other
jurisdictions have adopted data protection laws and regulations, which impose significant compliance obligations. In the EU, for example,
effective May 25, 2018, the GDPR replaced the prior EU Data Protection Directive (95/46) that governed the processing of personal data
in the European Union. The GDPR imposes significant obligations on controllers and processors of personal data, including, as compared
to the prior directive, higher standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, more robust notification
requirements to individuals about the processing of their personal data, a strengthened individual data rights regime, mandatory data
breach notifications, limitations on the retention of personal data and increased requirements pertaining to health data, and strict
rules and restrictions on the transfer of personal data outside of the EU, including to the U.S. The GDPR also imposes additional obligations
on, and required contractual provisions to be included in, contracts between companies subject to the GDPR and their third-party processors
that relate to the processing of personal data. The GDPR allows EU member states to make additional laws and regulations further limiting
the processing of genetic, biometric or health data. 

Any
failure to comply with the requirements of GDPR and applicable national data protection laws of EU member states, could lead to regulatory
enforcement actions and significant administrative and/or financial penalties against us (fines of up to Euro 20,000,000 or up to 4 
of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher), and could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

There
is a limited active liquid trading market for the Company s common stock. 

The
Company reports under the Exchange Act and its Common Stock is eligible for quotation on the OTC Markets. However, there is no regular
active trading market in the Company s Common Stock, and we cannot give an assurance that an active trading market will develop.
If an active market for the Company s Common Stock develops, there is a significant risk that the Company s stock price may
fluctuate dramatically in the future in response to any of the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

Variations
 in our quarterly operating results; 

Announcements
 that our revenue or income are below analysts expectations; 

General
 economic slowdowns; 

Sales
 of large blocks of the Company s common stock; and 

Announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

20 

Directors,
executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliated entities own a significant percentage of our capital stock, and they may make
decisions that our stockholders do not consider to be in their best interests . 

As
of the date of this current report on Form 10-K, our directors, executive officers, principal stockholders and affiliated entities beneficially
own, in the aggregate, approximately 86 of our outstanding voting securities. Additionally, Ms. Gaya Rozensweig, one of our directors,
holds Series A preferred Stock which allows her to vote with holders of the Common Stock on an as converted basis giving her effective
control of any vote. 

This
concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company that may be favored by other
stockholders. This could prevent transactions in which stockholders might otherwise recover a premium for their shares over current market
prices. This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision-making could also harm the price of our capital
stock by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares of our capital stock (whether by making
a tender offer or otherwise) or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile and such volatility could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

The
market price of our common stock can fluctuate, and as a result you could lose the value of your investment. The market price of our
common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including: 

Announcements
 of quarterly operating results and revenue and earnings predictions we made and failed to meet or be consistent with such earlier
 projections or the expectations of our investors. 

Rumors,
 announcements, or press articles regarding our competitors operations, management, organization, financial condition, or financial
 statements. 

Changes
 in revenue and earnings estimates by us or our investors. 

Announcements
 of planned acquisitions or dispositions by us or by our competitors. 

Announcement
 of a new or planned product to be released either by us, our competitors or our customers. 

Acquiring
 or losing a significant customer. 

Inquiries
 by the SEC, NASDAQ, law enforcement or other regulatory bodies. 

Acts
 of terrorism, the threat of war, and other crises or emergency situations. 

Economic
 slowdowns or the perception of an oncoming economic slowdown in any of the major markets in which we operate. 

21 

Our
Board of Directors may issue and fix the terms of shares of our Preferred Stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely affect
the voting power of holders of our Common Stock or any change in control of our Company. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, with a
 0.0007 par value per share (the Preferred Stock ), with such designation rights and preferences as may be determined from
time to time by the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue shares of Preferred
Stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of
the holders of our Common Stock. In the event of such issuances, the Preferred Stock could be used, under certain circumstances, as a
method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company. 

Our
board of directors has significant control over us and we have yet to establish committees comprised of independent directors . 

We
only have two directors. Because of such limited number of directors, each of our board members has significant control over all corporate
issues. Our directors were also the former owners of RNA. 

We
have not yet established board committees comprised of independent members. Our directors perform these functions, despite there not
being independent directors. Thus, there is potential conflict in that our directors are also engaged in management and participated
in decisions concerning management compensation and audit issues. While we intend to rectify this situation by expanding the board of
directors and forming independent audit and compensation committees, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so . 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or detect
fraud. Consequently, investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting and this may decrease the trading price of our stock . 

We
must maintain effective internal controls to provide reliable financial reports and to detect and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide
reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as would be possible with an effective
control system in place. We have not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical undiscovered failures of internal controls
exist, and may in the future discover areas of our internal control that need improvement. 

We
have been assessing our internal controls to identify areas that need improvement. We are in the process of implementing changes to internal
controls but have not yet completed implementing these changes. Failure to implement these changes to our internal controls or any others
that it identifies as necessary to maintain an effective system of internal controls could harm our operating results and cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the trading price
of our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends and investors should not buy our Common Stock expecting to receive dividends. 

We
do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, you will only realize an economic
gain on your investment in our Common Stock if the price appreciates. You should not purchase our Common Stock expecting to receive cash
dividends. Since we do not pay dividends, and if we are not successful in establishing an orderly trading market for our shares, then
you may not have any manner to liquidate or receive any payment on your investment. Therefore, failure to pay dividends may result in
you not seeing any return on your investment even if our business operations are successful. In addition, because we do not pay dividends,
we may have trouble raising additional funds which could affect our ability to expand our business operations. 

We
are likely to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing capital stock. 

We
have financed our operations, and we expect to continue to finance our operations, acquisitions and develop strategic relationships,
by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, which could significantly reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders.
Furthermore, any newly issued securities could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing Common Stock.
Moreover, any issuances of equity securities made by us may be at or below the prevailing market price of our Common Stock and in any
event may have a dilutive impact on your ownership interest, which could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. 

22 

We
may also raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, and the holders of any debt we may issue would have rights superior to
your rights in the event we are not successful and are forced to seek the protection of the bankruptcy laws. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Since
May 8, 2018, the Company s executive offices were, and continue to be at 1825 NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 110, Boca Raton, FL 3343.
The Company pays 99 per month to lease this office space. 

Our
subsidiary RNA Ltd. currently has a corporate office located in, Herzliya, Israel. The office comprises approximately 247 square meters.
The lease term for this office is from December 2020 through December 2024 and our monthly renal payment is approximately 4,700. 

We
believe that our facilities are generally in good condition and suitable to carry on our business. We also believe that, if required,
suitable alternative or additional space will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

On
October 27, 2020 WHEN filed suit in State Court, Palm Beach County, Florida, against FSC Solutions, Inc. FSC ), Eli Gal
Levy EL and Padem Consultants Sprl (collectively, the Defendants ). The suit relates to the Stock Purchase
Agreement entered into by WHEN with FSC and its shareholders, which included EL, pursuant to which WHEN acquired all of the issued and
outstanding stock of FSC in exchange for the issuance of 70 billion shares of WHEN unregistered common stock. FSC was the putative owner
of a software and trading platform which WHEN intended to use to enter into the on-line trading business. Subsequent to the completion
of the acquisition, we determined that FSC did not have control over the trading platform and software we expected to acquire and operate.
The suit seeks declaratory judgment to unwind the FSC transaction and cancel the shares of WHEN common stock issued in the FSC transaction
that are still outstanding. 

A
hearing was set for January 6, 2021 whereupon mediation was ordered. Mediation meetings were held but no resolution was reached. The
Florida lawsuit is currently pending. 

On
or about, January 19, 2022, EL filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery seeking to remove the restrictive legend from all the
shares of Common Stock held by EL (the 2022 Lawsuit ), which are approximately 23,000,000,000 shares. The Company retained
the services of Delaware counsel and has moved to dismiss or stay the 2022 Lawsuit in favor of the previously filed Florida lawsuit,
which involves the same parties and same issues. The Company s motion is currently pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery. 

On
June 24, 2022 the Company filed an amended complaint in Palm Beach County, Florida (CASE NO. 50-2020- CA-011735), alleging violation
of Fla. Stat. 517.301, seeking declaratory relief with regard to the status of the shares held and transferred by EL, and seeking a temporary
injunction with regard to the transfer of any subject shares. 

The
Company intends to continue to vigorously pursue this action and avail itself of all options lawfully available to it. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims against us. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable 

23 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol WHEN and has been quoted under
such symbol since July 2016. Our Common Stock is traded sporadically and no established liquid trading market currently exists and there
can be no assurance that a liquid market for our Common Stock will ever develop. 

Market
Information 

As of April 13, 2023, there were 402 active holders of record of our common
stock, and the last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTC Pink-tier of OTC Markets on April 10, 2023 was 0.0002. 

Dividend
Policy 

To
date, we have paid no dividends on our common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain
all earnings to provide funds for the operations of our company. In the future, our Board of Directors will decide whether to declare
and pay dividends based upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may
consider relevant. We are not under any contractual restriction as to present or future ability to pay dividends. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

(i)
On August 10, 2022, we entered into an agreement with a consultant with a term of 12 months under which we undertook to issue to the
Consultant 300,000,000 restricted stock for investor relations services. As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been issued to the consultant
under the above agreement. 

(ii)
On October 25, 2022, we issued to CrossMobile 10,000,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock upon the acquisition of the initial
26 equity stake in CrossMobile. 

(iii)
On November 1, 2022, we entered into an investment agreement with George Baumeohl, Company s director, pursuant to which Mr. Baumeohl
has agreed to support Company s operation by way of an equity investment of up to 3 million through August 2025, as needed. The
agreement provides for sales of Company s common stock go Mr. Baumeohl at per share purchase prices ranging between 0.0003 and
 0.0005. As of the date of this report, the Company have received an aggregate of 150,000 from Mr. Baumeohl, in consideration of which
he is entitled to 500,000,000 shares of common stock. After December 31, 2022, the Company received an additional 375,000 from Mr. Baumeohl
to which entitles him to 1,083,333,333 shares of our common stock at a share price of 0.0003. 

(iv)
On September 18, 2022, we granted options under the 2021 Plan to its Chief strategic affairs to purchase an aggregate of 10,000,000,000
shares of common stock exercisable at a per share exercise price of 0.0001. Of the options granted, 5,000,000,000 were immediately vested
and the remaining shall vest on four annual equal instalments of 1,250,000,000 shares commencing May 15, 2023. 

(v) On February 8, 2023, we entered
into an investment agreement with a shareholders pursuant to which we raised 60,000 from the private placement of share of our common
stock at a per share purchase price of 0.0003, and in consideration thereof we issued to the shareholder to 20,000,000 shares of Common
Stock. 

(vi) On February 8, 2023, we issued to the investor specified in item (v)
above and a designee an aggregate of 1,440,000,000 shares of our common stock in satisfaction of a loan made by the shareholder to the
Company in the principal amount of 120,000 plus interest of 24,000 of accrued interest for the 10 year loan period. 

We
relied upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act by virtue
of Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation S promulgated by the SEC under the Act with respect to the issuance of such securities. 

24 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides certain aggregate information with respect to the Company s shares of common stock that as of December
31, 2022 were issuable under its 2021 Equity Incentive Plan in effect as of December 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities reflected in first column) (3) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 46,900,000,000 
 0.0001 
 3,100,000,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 46,900,000,000 
 0.0001 
 3,100,000,000 

(1) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock issuable under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan upon exercise of outstanding options to purchase 46,900,000,000
 shares of common stock. 

(2) 
 The
 weighted average remaining term for the expiration of remaining stock options is 3.24 years. 

(3) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock available for future issuance under equity compensation plans. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None 

Our
transfer agent is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, with an address at 17 Battery Place, New York, NY 10004.Their telephone
number is (212) 509-4000. 

Item
6 -RESERVED 

25 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
and highlight certain other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial
condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis
of significant trends and material changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and related notes included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains numerous forward-looking statements, all of which are
based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout this filing, particularly
in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Overview 

On
April 27, 2020, WHEN completed a reverse triangular merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement among the Company, R2GA, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Sub ), UCG, Inc., a
Florida corporation Seller ), SG 77 Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Seller SG ),
and RNA Ltd., an Israeli company and a wholly owned subsidiary of SG RNA ). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, R2GA
merged with and into SG, with SG remaining as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ).
The Merger became effective as of April 29, 2020. Each of Gaya Rozensweig and George Baumeohl, directors of the Company, are also the
sole shareholders and directors of UCG. 

RNA
is primarily a research and development company that has been performing software design services in the field of cybersecurity. SG is
primarily engaged in the marketing and distribution of cybersecurity related products. In anticipation of the transaction contemplated
under the Merger Agreement, SG was formed and all of the cybersecurity rights and interests held by UCG, including the share ownership
of RNA, were assigned to SG. 

Following
the closing, each of SG 77 and RNA became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. 

Acquisition of CrossMobile 

As
previously disclosed, WHEN completed the acquisition of a 26 equity interest in CrossMobile Sp. z o.o, a company formed under the laws
of Poland CrossMobile ). On October 25, 2022, the Company exercised the Additional Share Purchase Option to acquire such
additional shares of CrossMobile and the Company now holds approximately 51 of CrossMobile s outstanding share capital on a fully
diluted basis. In consideration for the exercise of the Additional Share Purchase Option, the Company issued to CrossMobile an additional
10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

We
believe that the acquisition of CrossMobile provides an opportunity in our evolution and provides us with a strong foothold in the European
market. CrossMobile is part of a limited group of licensed mobile virtual network operators (MVNO)
 in the EU. CrossMobile is planning to roll-out a comprehensive suite of value-added services for B2B and B2C customers in the
telecom industry. 

The
global telecom market was valued at 1.6 trillion in 2020 and is expected to grow at 5.4 Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) through
2028 1 . The global cybersecurity market was valued at 140 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach 376 billion by 2029 2 .
By combining the telecom focus with our existing cyber security product offering, our plan is to bring to market a new standard of service
in value added telecom and security solutions for B2B and B2C customers alike. 

1
 Global Telecom Services Market Size Report, 2021-2028. (2022). Retrieved 21 August 2022, from https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/global-telecom-services-market 

2
Insights, F. (2022). With 13.4 CAGR, Global Cyber Security Market Size to Surpass USD 376.32 Billion in 2029. Retrieved 21 August 2022,
from https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/06/14/2461786/0/en/With-13-4-CAGR-Global-Cyber-Security-Market-Size-to-Surpass-USD-376-32-Billion-in-2029.html 

26 

Acquisition
of Instaview 

On
Feb. 22, 2023 we completed the acquisition of an initial 26 of Instaview Ltd. Instaview ), an emerging technology company
in the field of AI-based image processing systems, thermal cameras, home and enterprise security, livestock tracking and control appliances
plus much more. 

Instaview
is engaged in the field of image processing systems and thermal cameras. Over the past 18 years, Instview has provided innovative security
and managing solutions in hundreds of projects in Israel and overseas. 

We
believe that there is synergy between Instaview and our activities and marks the beginning of the revolution of the home and enterprise
security market. 

Combined
WHEN Product Offerings 

Our
product offerings are comprised of three complementary segments, namely 

1. 
 Cyber Care, which is the long standing and core
 business segment of WHEN 

2. 
 AI based image processing systems such as audio-video
 systems and security cameras solutions being an off-line extension of the on-line Cyber Care services entered through the acquisition
 of 26 shares in Instaview 

3. 
 Mobile telecom GSM which is a new business segment,
 linking the off and on line business segments entered through the recent acquisition of CrossMobile 

All
three are targeting commercial enterprises (B2B) and individual users (B2C). 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Results
of Operations 

Summary
of Results of Operations 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 91,120 
 140,177 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Research and development expenses 
 (1,390,545 
 (497,121 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses 
 (15,656 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (8,625,959 
 (4,168,689 
 
 Operating loss 
 (9,941,040 
 (4,525,633 
 
 Financing income (expenses), net 
 15,529 
 (71,180 
 
 Loss before equity in net loss of CrossMobile Sp. z o. o. 
 (9,925,781 
 (4,596,813 
 
 Less: Equity losses prior to consolidation 
 (20,594 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 (9,946,375 
 (4,596,813 
 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 3,977 
 - 
 
 Net loss attributable to the Company s stockholders 
 (9,942,398 
 (4,596,813 

27 

Revenues 

Our
total revenue consists of sales of our products and services. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of revenues and costs of revenues: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 91,120 
 140,177 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
current operating expenses consist of three components - research and development expenses, selling and marketing expenses and general
and administrative expenses. 

Research
and Development Expenses, net 

We
expect to continue incurring substantial expenses for the next several years as we continue to develop our product lines. We are unable,
with any certainty, to estimate either the costs or the timelines in which those expenses will be incurred. The design and development
activities will consume a large proportion of our current, as well as projected, resources. 

Our
research and development costs include costs are comprised of: 

internal recurring costs, such as personnel-related costs (salaries, employee benefits, equity compensation and other costs), materials
and supplies, facilities and maintenance costs attributable to research and development functions; and 

fees paid to external parties who provide us with contract services, such as preclinical testing, manufacturing and related testing and
clinical trial activities. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of research and development expenses: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Salaries and related expenses 
 340,054 
 375,469 
 
 Share-based compensation expenses 
 909,637 
 - 
 
 Subcontractors and other development costs 
 37,723 
 33,623 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 11,689 
 47,630 
 
 Rent and office maintenance 
 54,561 
 20,638 
 
 Other expenses 
 36,881 
 19,761 
 
 Total 
 1,390,545 
 497,121 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses 

Selling
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, professional services and other expenses. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of selling and marketing expenses: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Salaries and related expenses 
 322 
 - 
 
 Professional services 
 13,815 
 - 
 
 Other expenses 
 1,519 
 - 
 
 Total 
 15,656 
 - 

28 

We
expect that our selling and marketing expenses will increase as we continue to increase our selling and marketing efforts in 2023 following
the acquisition of Cross Mobile and our efforts to be in the air with standard packages of Voice, SMS and Data in Poland and International
Roaming and initiate cooperation with existing or build new Telecom operators. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, professional services, rent and office maintenance and
other non-personnel related expenses. 

The
following table discloses the breakdown of general and administrative expenses: 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Salaries and related expenses 
 259,587 
 222,784 
 
 Share-based compensation expenses 
 7,969,940 
 3,485,830 
 
 Professional services 
 237,383 
 278,221 
 
 Rent and office maintenance 
 116,187 
 101,208 
 
 Other expenses 
 42,862 
 80,646 
 
 Total 
 8,625,959 
 4,168,869 

Revenues 

Revenues
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 91,120 and 140,177, respectively. 

Research
and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses consist of salaries and related expenses, share-based compensation
expenses, consulting fees, service providers costs and overhead expenses. Research and development expenses increased from
 497,121 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1,390,545 in 2022. The increase resulted primarily from increase in non-cash
share-based compensation expenses and in rent and maintenance costs partially offset by decrease in salaries and related expenses
and depreciation costs associated with our development activities. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses . Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of professional fees. Selling and marketing expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 15,656 as compare to none for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily
attributable to expenses incurred in connection with the purchase of 51 of CrossMobile, which we completed in November 2022. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, share-based
compensation expenses and other non-personnel related expenses such as legal expenses. General and administrative expenses increased
from 4,168,869 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 8,625,959 in 2022. The increase is primarily attributed to the increase in
non-cash share-based compensation expenses and in salaries and related expenses partially offset by decrease in professional
services and other non-personnel related expenses. 

Financing
Expenses, Net . Financing expenses, net increased from financing expenses of 71,180 of financing for the year ended December 31,
2021 to financing income, net of 15,529 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease is mainly a result of currency exchange differences
between the Dollar and the New Israeli Shekel. 

Net
Loss . Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 9,946,375 and is primarily
attributable to increase in share based compensation expenses to our employees and services providers. 

29 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts
of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had current assets of 276,508 and 1,312,175,
respectively, and total assets of 10,223,018 and 1,588,375 respectively. The increase in total assets is mainly due to the increase
in intangible assets attributable to the purchase of 51 of the issued and outstanding shares of CrossMobile partially offset by decrease
in prepaid expenses resulted from issuance of Company s shares to service providers in 2021 as part of our CrossMobile transaction
which were offset during 2022. We had current liabilities of 787,683 as compared to 764,203 as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively and total liabilities of 3,948,646 as compared to 3,107,629 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The
increase is mainly attributed to the increase in deferred taxes attributable to the purchase of 51 of the issued and outstanding shares
of CrossMobile in the transaction detailed above. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 56,346 compared to the cash balance of 46,022 as of December 31, 2021. We have no cash
equivalents. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had a negative working capital of 511,175 as compared with a working capital deficiency of 547,972 at December
31, 2021. 

Financial
Support 

In November 2022, we entered into an investment agreement with George Baumeohl,
our director, pursuant to which Mr. Baumeohl has agreed to support our operation by way of an equity investment of up to 3 million thorugh
August 2025, as needed. The agreement provides for sales of our common stock go Mr. Baumeohl at per share purchase prices ranging between
 0.0003 and 0.0005. As of the date of this report, we have received an aggregate of 475,000 from Mr. Baumeohl to which he is entitled
to an aggregate of 1,666,667 shares of our common stock at a share price of 0.003. 

Management
believes that funds on hand, as well as the subscription proceeds that we are to receive on a periodic basis under the committed subscription
agreements with our director, will enable us to fund our operations and capital expenditure requirements through the next twelve months.
Our requirements for additional capital during this period will depend on many factors. 

We
may seek to raise any necessary additional capital through a combination of private or public equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations,
strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing and distribution arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third
parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights, future revenue streams, or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that
may not be favorable to us. If we raise additional capital through private or public equity offerings, the ownership interest of our
existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect our stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting
or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP ). In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements
of operations. Actual results may differ significantly from those estimates. 

While
our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements appearing
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

30 

Accounting
for stock-based compensation: 

We
grant equity-based awards under share-based compensation plans. We estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards using the Black-Scholes
option valuation model. This fair value is then amortized over the requisite service periods of the awards. The Black-Scholes option
valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including price volatility of the underlying stock, risk-free interest
rate, dividend yield, and expected life of the option. Share-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest,
and therefore is reduced by expected forfeitures. Changes in assumptions used under the Black-Scholes option valuation model could materially
affect our net loss and net loss per share. 

Accounting
for CrossMobile business combination: 

The
Company reached a conclusion that the acquired set of assets held at CM does not meet the definition of a business as substantially all
the fair value of the gross assets is concentrated in the license held by CM. CM is at it start up stages and has no substantial operations.
The only significant asset is the license which constitute much more than 90 of the consideration paid. Based on that, the Company determined
that the additional investment in CM constitute an asset acquisition in stages and resulted in obtaining control over all assets of CM
and consolidating CM as of October 25, 2022. 

The
Company used the cost accumulation method to determine the cost of the acquisition. The Company used the carrying value of its 25 interest
and did not recognize any gain or loss on the interest held at CM previously. 

The
consideration for the assets of CM was with shares of WHEN with fair value of 8M 0.0004 per share) and was issued to CM and not the
shareholders of CM. Hence, upon obtaining control over all the assets of CM, WHEN has gained control over it own shares held at CM. Based
on the guidance in ASC 810-10-45-5 shares held by the subsidiary would not be considered outstanding
and hence, 100 of the shares of WHEN held by CM are presented as treasury shares in the consolidated balance sheet, even though there
are noncontrolling interests at CM. 

The
assets acquisition of CM resulted in 49 noncontrolling interests in CM. The Company analogized from ASC 805-30-30-1 and added the fair
value of the noncontrolling interests to the consideration paid for the assets acquired. 

As
described above the entire consideration paid by WHEN was with its shares, issued to CM. Based on the guidance in ASC 810-10-45-5 the
shares are not considered outstanding. The Company concluded that the fair value of the consideration paid to be based on the fair value
of the noncontrolling interests. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements during 2021 and do not anticipate entering into any
off-balance sheet arrangements during the next 12 months. 

Item
7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements, together with the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon
and the notes thereto, are presented beginning at page F-1. The Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the
year then ended have been audited by Brightman Almagor Zohar Co., Certified Public Accountants, a Firm in the Deloitte Global Network.
The Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year then ended have been audited by Halperin
Ilanit CPA . These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
State of America and pursuant to Regulations S-K as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are included herein pursuant
to Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. 

31 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

On
October 23, 2022, the Company dismissed Halperin Ilanit CPA Halperin as the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm (the Dismissal ). Halperin had served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
since 2020. 

The
audit reports of Halperin on the consolidated financial statements of the Company for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021
and December 31, 2020 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope or accounting principles. The audit reports for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 contained an explanatory
paragraph disclosing the uncertainty regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. None of the reportable events
described under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K occurred within the timeframe since Halperin commenced auditing the Company s
financial statements and through the date hereof. 

During
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 there were no disagreements with Halperin on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures that, if not resolved to Halperin satisfaction,
would have caused Halperin to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports. 

Appointment
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
October 23, 2022, in connection with the Dismissal, the Board appointed Brightman Almagor Zohar Co., Certified Public Accountants,
a Firm in the Deloitte Global Network Deloitte ), as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

During
the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and during the subsequent interim period from January
1, 2022 through October 23, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted Deloitte regarding either (i) the application
of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that Deloitte concluded
was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue,
or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event , each as defined in
Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and 304(a)(1)(v), respectively. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Management of the Company, with the participation of the Interim Chief Executive Officer and
Directors, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. The Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and that such information is
communicated to management, including the Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Board of Directors, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, the Interim Chief Executive Officer concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 for the reasons discussed below. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Management is responsible for the preparation of our financial statements and
related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that the financial statements present fairly, in material respects,
our financial position and results of operations in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Management of the Company
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. It should be noted that the Company s management,
including the Interim Chief Executive Officer does not expect that the Company s internal controls will necessarily prevent all
errors or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived or operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met, Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

32 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of
the Company s financial reporting. 

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and
subsequent guidance prepared by the Commission specifically for smaller public companies. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2021 for the reasons discussed below: 

1. 
 Due
 to the size of our Company and available resources, there are limited personnel to assist with the accounting and financial reporting
 function, which results in a lack of segregation of duties. 

2. 
 We
 do not have a full time Chief Financial Officer that can oversee day to day operations and the financial reporting function. 

3. 
 We
 do not have an independent audit committee that can provide management oversight. 

We
expect to be materially dependent upon third parties to provide us with accounting consulting services and legal services related to
the preparation and filing of reports with the Commission for the foreseeable future. We believe this will be sufficient to remediate
the material weaknesses related to our accounting and SEC disclosures discussed above. Until such time as we have a chief financial officer
with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP, there are no assurances that the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our disclosure
controls and procedures will not result in errors in our financial statements which could lead to a restatement of those financial statements. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable 

33 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

Set
forth below are the names, ages, position with the Company and business experiences of the executive officers and directors of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 with Company 

Giora
 Rozensweig 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Maj
 (Ret) Danny Yatom 
 
 78 
 
 President 
 
 Tom
 Tromer 
 
 57 
 
 CEO
of CrossMobile 
 
 Gaya
 Rozensweig 
 
 42 
 
 Director 
 
 George
 Baumoehl 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Our
directors are appointed for one-year terms to hold office until the next annual general meeting of the holders of our Common Stock or
until removed from office in accordance with our by-laws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until
removed by our board of directors. 

Giora
Rozensweig . Mr. Rozensweig, age 49, holds degrees in software development, application DBA and IT, which he received from Kedem
College in 1994. Mr. Rozensweig has twenty years of experience in the industry and has worked with the Israeli Government, Hewlett Packard,
IBM, and Checkpoint. He is also the co-founder of RNA Technology Ltd. where he has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2015. Previously
Mr. Rozensweig served as Chief Executive Officer of Tomagi, Ltd. from 2008 until 2015. 

Maj.
Gen. (Ret.) Yatom , age 77 has over 40 years of experience in top intelligence and
security leadership roles, including as the Director of Mossad, the national intelligence and special operations agency of Israel and
one of the world s leading intelligence secret and operations agencies. From 1999 to 2001, he served as Chief of Staff for Security
and Policy to Prime Minister Ehud Barak. He also served in various positions in the Israeli security forces and government, including
head of the Israeli Defense Forces Planning Directorate, commander of the Central Command, and military secretary to defense ministers
Moshe Arens and Yitzhak Rabin and prime ministers Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres. He holds Bachelor of Science degree in Physics, Mathematics
and Computer Science from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem and Master of Arts degree in the Middle Eastern studies from Tel Aviv University 

Tom Tromer has 30 years of Executive experience from North
America, Scandinavia, Central and Eastern Europe in building and implementing strategies among others, IT solution for e.g. food security
programs, international and domestic quality measurement solutions for Postal operators, commercial RE with a investment portfolio exceeding
EUR 300mio. He communicates very well in English, German, Danish and Polish. He actively supports all processes, including sales and service,
fully understanding the rules of proper and smooth operation of business. Mr. Tom Tromer hold a Master Degree in Political Science from
Aarhus University in Denmark and MBA in Economics from Warsaw University of Life Science (Poland). 

Gaya
Rozensweig. Mrs. Rozensweig, age 40, holds a Degree in Business Management Information Systems, which she received from
the College of Management, Jerusalem in 2003. Mrs. Rozensweig is a co-founder of RNA Technology Ltd. and has headed the sales and marketing
of a startup with a 27-person team that worked with government offices, banks, insurance companies. Mrs. Rozensweig has served as Chief
Financial Officer of RNA Technology, Ltd. since 2015. Previously she served as Chief Financial Officer at Tomagi Ltd. from 2008 until
2015. 

George
Baumoehl . Mr. Baumoehl, age 56, George holds a MSc. Degree in Architecture and Construction Economics from University College
London which he received in 1993. Mr. Baumoehl has a background in a real estate investment and development and brings a professional
outside look into our Company. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of Spectrum Real Estate Management GmbH Co. KG since 2006. 

Giora
Rozensweig is the spouse of Gaya Rozensweig. Other than the foregoing, there is no family relationship between the Interim Chief Executive
Officer, the directors and any director or executive officer of the Company or any person nominated or chosen to become a director or
executive officer of the Company. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors, executive officers, significant employees or control persons has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item
401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

34 

Corporate
Governance 

Our
board of directors has not established any committees, including an audit committee, a compensation committee or a nominating committee,
or any committee performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by our board. Because we do not
have any independent directors, our board believes that the establishment of committees of our board would not provide any benefits to
our Company and could be considered more form than substance. 

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates that may be recommended by our stockholders, including the
minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor has our officers and directors established a process for identifying and evaluating
director nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates by our
stockholders, including the procedures to be followed. Our officers and directors have not considered or adopted any of these policies
as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our board of directors. 

Given
our relative size and lack of directors and officers insurance coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders
will make such a recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in the event
such a proposal is made, all current members of our board will participate in the consideration of director nominees. 

As
with most small, early stage companies until such time as we further develop our business, achieve a stronger revenue base and have sufficient
working capital to purchase directors and officers insurance, we do not have any immediate prospects to attract independent
directors. When we are able to expand our board to include one or more independent directors, we intend to establish an audit committee
of our board of directors. It is our intention that one or more of these independent directors will also qualify as an audit committee
financial expert. Our securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our board members be independent
and we are not currently otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our board of directors
include independent directors, nor are we required to establish or maintain an audit committee or other committee of our
board. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We undertake to provide to any person without charge, upon
request, a copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. 

Role
of Board in Risk Oversight Process 

Management
is responsible for the day-to-day management of risk and for identifying our risk exposures and communicating such exposures to our board.
Our board is responsible for designing, implementing and overseeing our risk management processes. The board does not have a standing
risk management committee, but administers this function directly through the board as a whole. The entire board considers strategic
risks and opportunities and receives reports from its officers regarding risk oversight in their areas of responsibility as necessary.
We believe our board s leadership structure facilitates the division of risk management oversight responsibilities and enhances
the board s efficiency in fulfilling its oversight function with respect to different areas of our business risks and our risk
mitigation practices. 

Director
Compensation 

Historically,
our non-employee directors have not received compensation for their service outside the compensation set forth in the Summary Compensation
Table below, but we may compensate our directors for their service in the future. We reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable
travel expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings. We also intend to allow our non-employee directors to participate
in any equity compensation plans that we adopt in the future. 

35 

Conflicts
of Interest 

None
of our officers will devote more than a portion of his or her time to our affairs. There will be occasions when the time requirements
of our business conflict with the demands of the officers other business and investment activities. Such conflicts may require that we
attempt to employ additional personnel. There is no assurance that the services of such persons will be available or that they can be
obtained upon terms favorable to us. 

Our
officers, directors and principal shareholders may actively negotiate for the purchase of a portion of their common stock as a condition
to, or in connection with, a proposed merger or acquisition transaction, if any. In the event that such a transaction occurs, it is anticipated
that a substantial premium may be paid by the purchaser in conjunction with any sale of shares by our officers, directors and principal
shareholders made as a condition to, or in connection with, a proposed merger or acquisition transaction. The fact that a substantial
premium may be paid to members of our management to acquire their shares creates a conflict of interest for them and may compromise their
state law fiduciary duties to our other shareholders. In making any such sale, members of Company management may consider their own personal
pecuniary benefit rather than the best interests of the Company and the Company s other shareholders, and the other shareholders
are not expected to be afforded the opportunity to approve or consent to any particular buy-out transaction involving shares held by
members of Company management. 

It
is not currently anticipated that any salary, consulting fee, or finder s fee shall be paid to any of our directors or executive
officers, or to any other affiliate of us except as described under Executive Compensation below. Although management has no current
plans to cause us to do so, it is possible that we may enter into an agreement with an acquisition candidate requiring the sale of all
or a portion of the Common Stock held by our current stockholders to the acquisition candidate or principals thereof, or to other individuals
or business entities, or requiring some other form of payment to our current stockholders, or requiring the future employment of specified
officers and payment of salaries to them. It is more likely than not that any sale of securities by our current stockholders to an acquisition
candidate would be at a price substantially higher than that originally paid by such stockholders. Any payment to current stockholders
in the context of an acquisition involving us would be determined entirely by the largely unforeseeable terms of a future agreement with
an unidentified business entity. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual
reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports
they file. Based on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, and to the best of our knowledge, all executive officers,
directors and persons holding greater than 10 of our issued and outstanding stock have not filed the required reports in a timely manner
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) our principal executive officer or other individual serving in a
similar capacity during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our
principal executive officers who were serving as executive officers at December 31, 2022 whose compensation exceed 100,000 and (iii)
up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as
an executive officer at December 31, 2021. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020: 

36 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Giora Rozensweig 
 2022 
 153,337 
 - 
 - 
 651,002 2 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 804,339 

2021 
 139,086 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 139,086 
 
 Gaya Rozensweig 
 2022 
 130,490 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 130,490 

2021 
 83,025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 83,025 
 
 Danny Yatom 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,634,772 3 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,634,772 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,838,930 3 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,838,930 
 
 Tom Tromer 
 2022 
 
 - 
 - 
 1,203,723 4 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,203,723 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 900,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 900,000 

1.
In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the
named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date
fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date
fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense for us that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the
grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value
the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of our Common Stock on the
date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note 9 to the financial reports
attached to this Annual Report. 

2.
 Represents compensation expense recorded by the Company
in respect of the options for 5,000,000,000 shares granted in May 2022. 

3 .
 Represents compensation expense recorded by the Company
in respect of the options for 6,000,000,000 shares granted in June 2021 in respect of advisory board services. 

4. Represents
compensation expense recorded by the Company in respect of the options for 6,000,000,000 shares
granted in May 2022 in respect of advisory board services. 

Employment
Agreements with Executive Officers 

On
October 21, 2020, RNA Ltd., the Company s subsidiary, and Giora Rozensweig, the Company s interim Chief Executive Officer,
entered into an employment agreement providing for the employment (the Giora Employment Agreement of Mr. Giora Rozensweig
as RNA s Chief Executive Officer, with retroactive application to July 1, 2020. Under the Giora Employment Agreement, Mr. Rozensweig
is paid an annual gross salary of the current New Israeli Shekel equivalent of 133,500, payable monthly. Under the Giora Rozensweig
Employment Agreement he also receives the following: (i) Manager s Insurance under Israeli law for the benefit of Mr. Rosenzweig
pursuant to which RNA contributes amounts equal to (a) 8-1/3 percent (and Mr. Rosenzweig contributes an additional 5 of each monthly
salary payment, and (b) 6.5 of Mr. Rosenzweig s salary (with Mr. Rosenzweig contributing an additional 6 to a pension fund,
a form of deferred compensation program established under Israeli law. The Giora Employment Agreement also contains certain provisions
for termination by RNA, which may result in a severance payment equal to twenty four months of base salary then in effect. 

On
October 21, 2020, RNA Ltd., the Company s subsidiary, and Gaya Rozensweig entered into an employment agreement providing for the
employment (the Gaya Employment Agreement of Ms. Gaya Rozensweig as RNA s controller, with retroactive application
to July 1, 2020. Under the Gaya Employment Agreement, Ms. Rozensweig is paid an annual gross salary of the current New Israeli Shekel
equivalent of 93,500, payable monthly. Under the Rosenzweig Employment Agreement, she also receives the following: (i) Manager s
Insurance under Israeli law for the benefit of Ms. Rosenzweig pursuant to which RNA contributes amounts equal to (a) 8-1/3 percent (and
Ms. Rosenzweig contributes an additional 5 of each monthly salary payment, and (b) 6.5 of Ms. Rosenzweig s salary (with Ms.
Rosenzweig contributing an additional 6 to a pension fund, a form of deferred compensation program established under Israeli law. The
Gaya Employment Agreement also contains certain provisions for termination by RNA, which may result in a severance payment equal to twenty
four months of base salary then in effect. 

Other
than as provided above, Mr. Tromer does not have any other compensatory arrangement with either CorssMobile or WHEN. 

Termination
of Employment and Change of Control Arrangement 

Under
each of the Giora Employment Agreement and the Gaya Employment Agreement, in the event that the Company terminates the agreement for
reasons other than cause , then the employee isentitled to two years of salary payments. 

37 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth information concerning equity awards held by each of our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying RSUs (#) Unvested 
 
 Danny Yatom 
 - 
 6,000,000,000 
 0.0001 
 6/26/31 

Giora Rozensweig 
 - 
 5,000,000,000 
 0.0001 
 5/14/31 

There
were no outstanding equity awards at December 31, 2022 to our named executive officers. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
have no standard arrangements for compensating our board of directors for their attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common and preferred stock owned beneficially as
of April 17, 2022 by: (i) our directors and executive officer; and (ii) each person or group of persons known by us to beneficially own
more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed below possess sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares they own. 

Under
securities laws, a person is considered to be the beneficial owner of securities owned by him (or certain persons whose ownership is
attributed to him) or securities that can be acquired by him within 60 days, including upon the exercise of options, warrants or convertible
securities. The Company determines a beneficial owner s percentage ownership by assuming that options, warrants and convertible
securities that are held by the beneficial owner, but not those held by any other person, and which are exercisable within 60 days, have
been exercised or converted. 

The
Company believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock
shown as being owned by them. Unless otherwise indicated, the addr ess of each beneficial owner in the table set forth below is care
of World Health Energy Holdings, Inc. at 1825 NW Corporate Blvd. Suite 110, Boca Raton, FL 3343. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 COMMON STOCK 
 of class (Common Stock) (1) 
 SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK (6) 
 of class (Series A Preferred) 

Officers and Directors 

Giora Rozensweig, Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 1,250,000 (2) 

Gaya Rozensweig, Director 
 27,383,333,333 (3) 
 5.29 
 2,500,000 
 50 

George Baumeohl, Director 
 20,183,333,334 (3) 
 3.90 
 2,500,000 
 50 

Danny Yatom, President 
 4,343,750,000 (4) 

Tom Tromer 
 4,625,000,000 (5) 

5 or More Shareholders 

UCG, Inc. (3) 
 387,000,000,000 
 74.72 

Total Held by Officers and Directors of Each Class(5 persons) 
 57,785,416,667 
 10.97 
 5,000,000 
 100 

Less than 1 

1. 
 Based
 on 517,942,741,330 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 17, 2023. 

2. 
 Represents shares issuable upon vested options or options scheduled to
vest in the next 60 days. Gaya
 Rozensweig is the spouse of Giora Rozensweig. While the shares of Common Stock are held as of record by Gaya Rozensweig, both persons
 may be deemed to control the voting and disposition of these shares. 

3. 
 The
 sole shareholders and directors of UCG, Inc. are Gaya Rozensweig and George Baumeohl and, as such, they may be deemed to beneficially
 own these shares. The address of UCG Inc. is 1825 NW Corporate Blvd. Suite 110, Boca Raton, Florida 33431. 

4. 
 Represents shares issuable upon vested options or
options scheduled to vest in the next 60 days. 

5. 
 Comprised of 1,500,000,000 shares of common stock and vested options or
options scheduled to vest in the next 60 days for an additional 3,125,000,000 shares of common stock 

6 . 
 The
 Series A Preferred Stock were issued in August 2019 to each of Gaya Rozensweig and George Baumeohl. The Series A Preferred Stock
 is authorized to vote with the Common Stock in all stockholder meetings that the Common Stock may vote and each share has voting
 power equal to 10,000 votes per share. 

38 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

On
December 31, 2020, the Company, UCG, RNA, Gaya Rozensweig, Giora Rozensweig and George Baumoehl entered into a Set-Off Agreement pursuant
to which the parties set-off a debit balance of 250,609 owed by Gaya Rozensweig and Giora Rozensweig to RNA Ltd. against the credit
balance of UCG, Inc. 

On
December 31, 2020, Giora Rozensweig and our subsidiary SG entered into an Irrevocable License and Royalty Agreement pursuant to which
Mr. Rozensweig granted to the WHEN group an irrevocable worldwide license certain technologies and the related intelelctual rights. In
consideration of such license, Mr. Rozensweig is entitled to 1.5 of annual gross revenues, payable on a quarterly basis. The payments
are to be made at such time as the WHEN Group s revenues exceed on an aggregate basis 120,000. 

On
March 22, 2022 the Company, CrossMobile S.P.Zooand the shareholders of CrossMobile (of which Mr. Giora Rosenzweig, holds 40.67 and Mr.
George Baumeohl holds 6.67 , of the issued preferred share capital of CrossMobile), entered into an Investment Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which the Company is to purchase 26 of the outstanding common share capital of CrossMobile on a fully diluted basis, in
consideration of the issuance by the Company to CrossMobile of 10,000,000,000 restricted shares of Company common stock (the Initial
Investment ). The acquisition is subject to the registration with the Polish Companies Registrar of the shares issuable to the
Company in respect of the Initial Investment, as required under local law. Upon the registration of the Company shareholdings in CrossMobnile,
the closing of the Initial Investment will be deemed to have occurred and the 10,000,000,000 Company shares of common stock will be issued
to CrossMobile. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services. In October 2022 Brightman
Almagor Zohar Co., Certified Public Accountants, a Firm in the Deloitte Global Network Deloitte was appointed
as the Company s auditors. Prior to that time, Halperin Ilanit CPA Halperin served as the Company s auditors (since May 2020). The amounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 reflect amounts paid
to Deloitte and Halperin and 2021 reflects amounts paid to Halperin. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 130,000 
 27,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 130,000 
 27,500 

Audit
Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection
with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as
a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit
Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC and
other accounting consulting. 

Tax
Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax
compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All
Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

39 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 1. 
 Financial
 Statements 

The
 financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial Statements 
 on page F-3 and included on pages F-1 through F-24. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All
 schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are either not required under the related
 instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures are contained in the financial statements
 included herein. 

3. 
 Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith: 

Exhibit
 No 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement among World Health Energy Holding, Inc., R2GA, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, UCG, Inc., a Florida corporation, SG 77 Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Seller, and RNA Ltd., an Israeli company and a wholly owned subsidiary of SG. (incorporated from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020) 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated from Form 10Sb filed on July 23, 1999) 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (incorporated from Form 10Sb filed on July 23, 1999) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s securities 

10.1 
 
 Personal Employment Agreement with Giora Rozensweig (incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed on November 23, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Personal Employment Agreement with Gaya Rozensweig (incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 filed on November 23, 2020) 

10.3 
 
 Setoff Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020 among World Health Energy Holding, Inc., SG 77 Inc., RNA Ltd., Giora Rozensweig, Gaya Rozensweig and George Baumoehl (incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 15, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Irrevocable License and Royalty Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020 between Giora Rozensweig and SG 77 Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on April 15, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (and principal and accounting officer). 

32 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WORLD
 HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By:
 
 /s/
 Giora Rozensweig 

Giora
 Rozensweig 

Interim
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Giora Rozensweig 

CEO 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Giora Rozensweig 

/s/ Danny Yatom 
 
 President 

April 17, 2023 
 
 Danny Yatom 

/s/
 Gaya Rozensweig 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Gaya
 Rozensweig 

/s/
 George Baumoehl 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 George
 Baumoehl 

41 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC . 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 IN
U.S. DOLLARS 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Brightman Almagor Zohar co. PCAOB ID 
 F-3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Halperin Ilanit CPA (PCAOB ID 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10
 F-28 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the stockholders and the Board of Directors of World Health Energy Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of World Health Energy Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures
to which they relate. 

Share-Based
Compensation Stock Options Refer to Note 11 to the financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company issues various types of equity awards, including stock options. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued stock
options for 51,300 million shares and recorded stock option related compensation expense of 8.7 million. The Company estimated the fair
value of these stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes option pricing model required
the Company to make a number of assumptions, of which the most significant are expected stock price volatility and the expected option
term. Expected stock price volatility was calculated based upon actual historical stock price movements over the period equal to the
expected option term, which was calculated using the simplified method. 

Auditing
the Company s accounting for stock options required auditor judgment due to the subjectivity of assumptions of which the most significant
are expected stock price volatility and the expected option term (the time from the grant date until the options are exercised or expire)
used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes options pricing model. 

F- 3 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the stock-based compensation included the following, among others: 

We
 assessed the accuracy and completeness of the stock options granted during the year by reading the relevant Board of Directors minutes
 and grant documents. 

We
 assessed the use of the Black-Scholes options pricing model for the stock options granted as to whether the method used for determining
 fair value was applied consistently with the valuation of similar grants in prior periods. 

We
 evaluated the significant assumptions used by management to calculate the fair value of stock options granted. Such evaluation included
 independent calculation of the expected stock price volatility based upon actual historical stock price movements over the period
 equal to the expected option term and independent calculation of the stock option term using the simplified method. 

We
 developed an independent estimate of the fair value for stock options granted during the year and compared our estimate of fair value
 to the fair value used by management. 

Determine
the Transaction as an Asset Acquisition and Evaluate the Acquired Assets Value - Asset Acquisition of CrossMobile Refer to Notes
1.C and 8 to the financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company s increase in its holding in CrossMobile Sp.z o.o. (CrossMobile) from 26 to 51 was determined to be an asset acquisition
and resulted in obtaining control over all assets of CrossMobile. The Company used the cost accumulation method to determine the cost
of the acquisition together with the carrying value of its initial interest, totaling 9.7 million, and did not recognize any gain
or loss on the 26 interest held at CrossMobile previously. 

Auditing
the Company s determination of the transaction as an asset acquisition and evaluating the acquired assets value required auditor
judgment in assessing and concluding the appropriateness of management determination that the transaction is not a business combination
but rather an asset acquisition as well as determining the cost of the acquisition to be recorded as the acquired asset value. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the determination the CrossMobile transaction as an asset acquisition and evaluating the acquired assets
value included the following, among others: 

We
 read the investment agreements to identify and assess the relevant terms and conditions to evaluate the appropriateness of the management s
 accounting treatment. 

We
 evaluated the appropriateness of management s determination that the transaction is an asset acquisition by assessing the reasonableness
 of the qualitative and quantitative considerations utilized in determining that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed do not
 constitute a business (does not have inputs, processes and outputs) and by evaluating if the fair value of the assets and liabilities
 acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset by comparing it to evidence obtained about CrossMobile. 

We
 evaluated management s determination of the acquired assets value by assessing the appropriateness of the cost accumulation
 method used by management and by evaluating the appropriateness of management s conclusion that the fair value of the consideration
 paid will be based on the fair value of the noncontrolling interests and transaction costs. 

/s/
 . 

Certified
 Public Accountants 

A
 Firm in the Deloitte Global Network 

April
 17, 2023 

We
 have served as the Company s auditors since 2022. 

F- 4 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

TO
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF 

 WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDING, INC. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of World Health Energy Holding, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021,
the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year in the
period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 1D to the financial statements as of December 31, 2021, the Company has not yet generated material revenues from its operations
to fund its activities and is therefore dependent upon external sources for financing its operations. As of December 31, 2021, the
Company has incurred accumulated deficit of 6,093 thousands and negative operating cash flows. These factor among others, as
discussed in Note 1D to the financial statements as of December 31, 2021 raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 1D to the financial
statements as of December 31, 2021. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these
uncertainties. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Certified
 Public Accountants (Isr.) 

April
 14, 2022 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 till 2022 

F- 5 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid share-based payment to service providers 

Other current assets (Note 3) 

Total Current assets 

Right of use asset under operating lease (Note 6) 

Long term prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment, net (Note 4) 

Funds in respect of employee rights upon termination 

Intangible assets (Note 10) 
 
 - 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Short term operating lease liability (Note 6) 

Other current liabilities (Note 5) 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Liability for employee rights upon retirement 

Long term loan from parent company 

Long term operating lease liability (Note 6) 

Deferred tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit (Note 10) 

Preferred stock, par , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par ,
 shares authorized as of
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 and shares issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock at cost shares 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Company s stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 

Non-controlling interests 
 
 - 
 
 Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Research and development expenses (Note 12) 

Selling and marketing expenses 
 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses (Note 13) 

Operating loss 

Financing income (expenses), net 

Loss before equity in net loss of CrossMobile Sp. z o. o. 

Less: Equity in net
 loss of CrossMobile Sp. z o. o. 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss attributable to the Company s stockholders 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income - Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Other comprehensive income to attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company s stockholders 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (U.S.
dollars, except share and per share data) 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Treasury 
 shares 
 translation 
 adjustments 
 Accumulated 
 deficit 
 stockholders 
 deficit 
 Controlling 
 Interest 
 stockholders 
 deficit 

Preferred
 Stock, 
 0.0007,
 Par Value 
 Preferred
 Stock B, 
 0.0007,
 Par Value 
 Common
 Stock, 
 0.00001,
 Par Value 
 Additional 
 
 Foreign 
 currency 
 
 Total 
 Company s 
 Non- 
 Total 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Treasury 
 shares 
 translation 
 adjustments 
 Accumulated 
 deficit 
 stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 
 Controlling 
 Interest 
 stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

- 

- 

CHANGES
 DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021: 

Issuance
 of shares (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares in exchange for services (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Share
 based payment to services providers (Note 11) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 preferred stock to common stock (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of shares in respect of purchase of investee (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

Beginning
 balance, value 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

CHANGES
 DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022: 

Issuance
 of shares (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares in exchange for services (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Share-based payment to employees and services providers (Note 11) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of shares for CrossMobile Sp. z o.o. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

BALANCE
 AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Ending
 balance, value 

- 
 - 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
 activities: 

Depreciation 

Share - based compensation expense 
 (Note s 10, 11 

Decrease in ROU assets 

Increase (decrease) in operating lease
liability 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities net of effects
 from purchase of CrossMobile Sp. z o.o 

Increase (decrease) in liability for employee rights upon retirement 

Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable 

Decrease (increase) in other current assets 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in other accounts liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Loans granted to related parties 

Increase in asset for employee rights upon retirement 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash provided by purchased of subsidiary consolidated for the first time 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments of lease liability 
 - 

Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Loan received from parent company 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Non cash transaction: 

Issuance of shares for future services 
 - 
 - 
 
 Initial recognition of operating lease right-of-use 
 - 

Prepaid expenses for service providers in Company s shares 
 - 

Cash used in purchased of subsidiary consolidated for the first time: 

Net assets acquired 

Intangible assets acquired 

Consideration in shares 

Deferred tax liability 

Net cash provided by purchase of subsidiary consolidated for the first time 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statement 

F- 9 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share, (the Series B Preferred Shares to UCG. Each share of the Series B Preferred Shares will automatically convert into shares
of common stock, par value , for an aggregate amount of shares of
common stock, upon the filing with the Secretary of State of Delaware of an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation
increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock that the Company is authorized to issue from time to time. 

On
October 7,2021, and following the approval by the stockholders, the Company increase its authorized shares to 
(from 
shares) and changed the par value of the common stock to (from (see Note 10). 

Following
the effectiveness of the Amendment referred to above, on December 3, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to UCG upon the automatic conversion of all 
outstanding Series B Preferred Shares issued in April 2020 in connection with the acquisition of RNA,
Ltd. from UCG, Inc. 

The
SG Merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, SG was deemed to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting
purposes. This determination was primarily based on the facts that, immediately following the Merger: (i) SG s stockholders owned
a substantial majority of the voting rights in the combined company, (ii) SG designated a majority of the members of the initial board
of directors of the combined company, and (iii) SG s senior management holds all key positions in the senior management of the
combined company. As a result of the a reverse acquisition transaction, the shareholders of SG received the largest ownership interest in
the Company, and SG was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the a reverse acquisition transaction. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 GENERAL (continue) 

As
a result, the historical financial statements of the Company were replaced with the historical financial statements of SG. The number
of shares prior to the reverse acquisition have been retroactively adjusted based on the equivalent number of shares received
by the accounting acquirer in the reverse acquisition. 

C. 
 CrossMobile
Transaction 

On
March 22, 2022, the Company, CrossMobile Sp. z o.o, a company formed under the laws of Poland CrossMobile and the shareholders
of CrossMobile (of which Mr. Giora Rosenzweig, held 
 and Mr. George Baumeohl held 
 of the issued preferred share capital of CrossMobile)
entered into an Investment Agreement CrossMobile Agreement pursuant to which the Company is to purchase 
 of the outstanding common share capital of CrossMobile
on a fully diluted basis, in consideration of the issuance by the Company to CrossMobile of 
 restricted shares of the Company s common
stock (the Initial Investment ). 

On July 13, 2022, the Company
issued common
shares to Crossmobile. 

CrossMobile
is a licensed mobile virtual network operator in Poland, providing the necessary licenses and key infrastructure
in the EU. With its involvement in CrossMobile, the Company expects to provide advanced cybersecurity solutions and other next-generation
value-added services to CrossMobile s future product offerings. 

In
addition, under the CrossMobile Agreement, the Company has the option, through January 22, 2024, to purchase additional shares of
CrossMobile Additional Share Purchase Option such that following the additional purchase, the Company shall hold
approximately 
of CrossMobile s outstanding share capital on a fully diluted basis. In the event the Company shall choose to exercise the
option, the Company shall issue such number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company calculated based on pre-money
valuation of CrossMobile as determined by an independent appraiser agreed between the Company and CrossMobile. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company exercised the Additional Share Purchase Option and as a result the
Company holds approximately of CrossMobile s outstanding share capital on a fully diluted basis. In consideration for the
exercise of the Additional Share Purchase Option, the Company issued common stock
on November 28, 2022 to Crossmobile. 

The
Company, collectively with SG, RNA and CrossMobile are hereunder referred to as the Group . 

D. 
 Board
 and Shareholder Authority for Reverse Stock Split 

On
June 21, 2021, Reverse Stock Split Certificate
of Amendment in order to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock pursuant to a range of between 1,000-to-1
and 15,000-to-1 (the Reverse Stock Split ), when and as determined by the Company s Board of Directors. Pursuant to
the Reverse Stock Split, each one thousand or fifteen thousand shares of common stock, or any other figure within that range, as shall
be determined by the Board of Directors at a later time, will be automatically converted, without any further action by the stockholders,
into one share of common stock. The Reverse Stock Split Certificate of Amendment will be effective upon receipt of approval from the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA for the Reverse Stock Split and the filing with the Secretary of the State of Delaware.
As of the date of this report, the Board of Directors has not determined any particular range for the Reverse Stock Split and no application
has been presented to FINRA . 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 GENERAL (continue) 

E. 
 Liquidity 

Since inception, the Company has incurred losses and negative cash flows
from operations. The Company has financed its operations mainly through fundraising from various investors. 

The Group and a Company director have entered into an investment agreement
where the director has committed through August 2025 to invest up to as needed by the Company though the purchase of shares
of the Company s common stock. 

Based on the projected cash flows with the binding term sheet investment agreement signed on November 1, 2022, which was subsequently replaced
and superseded in April 2023 by a binding investment agreement (see Note 10), management is of the opinion that its existing cash will
be sufficient to meet its obligations for a period which is longer than 12 months from the date of the approval of these consolidated
financial statements. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

Furniture and office equipment 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

and ,
respectively. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S. dollars except share and per share data) 

Government institutions 

Other receivable 

Other
 Current Assets 

Furniture and office equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less - accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation was US and US , respectively. 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred revenues 

Loan to a shareholder 

Other
 Accounts Liabilities 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

years with monthly payments of approximately (NIS and an option to extend the agreement for an additional
1 year with monthly payments of approximately (NIS ). 

Leases
recorded on the balance sheet consist of the following: 

Liabilities 

Short term operating lease liability 

Long term operating lease liability 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

The
components of operating lease expense were as follows: 

Short-term lease cost 
 - 

Total operating lease cost 

Right
of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability during 2022 were 
and in 2021 were . The Company paid 
for its operating leases for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 
million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which are included in operating cash flows on the consolidated statements of cash
flows. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

NOTE 6 LEASES
(continue) 

Maturity of operating lease payments as of December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total future lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Operating lease liabilities 

investments
in CrossMobile as equity method investment from July 13, 2022 until October 25, 2022, the day the Company increased its holdings in CrossMobile
to and began consolidating its financial statements. 

common shares 

Loss from equity method investments 

Balance at October 25, 2022 Date of consolidation 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

shares of CrossMobile such that following the acquisition, the Company increased its holding from 
to 
of CrossMobile s outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis. 

The
Company concluded that the acquired set of assets held at CrossMobile does not meet the definition of a business as substantially all
the fair value of the gross assets is concentrated in the license held by CrossMobile. CrossMobile is at it start up stages and has no
substantial operations. The only significant asset is the license which constitute more than 
of the consideration paid. 

The
acquisition of the additional constitute an asset acquisition in stages and resulted in obtaining control over all assets of CrossMobile
and consolidating CrossMobile as of October 25, 2022. 

The
Company used the cost accumulation method to determine the cost of the acquisition. The Company used the carrying value of its 
interest and did not recognize any gain or loss on the interest held at CrossMobile previously. 

The
consideration for the assets of CrossMobile was made through the issuance of WHEN common shares with total fair value
of 
 million 
 per share) and was issued to CrossMobile and
not the shareholders of CrossMobile. Hence, upon obtaining control over all the assets of CrossMobile, the Company has gained control
over its own shares held at CrossMobile. Based on the guidance in ASC 810-10-45-5, shares held by a subsidiary would not be considered
outstanding and hence, the 
 common shares of the Company held by CrossMobile are presented
as treasury shares in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The
assets acquisition of CrossMobile resulted in noncontrolling interests in CrossMobile. The Company analogized from ASC 805-30-30-1
and added the fair value of the noncontrolling interests to the consideration paid for the assets acquired. 

As
described above the entire consideration paid by WHEN was with its shares, issued to CrossMobile. Based on the guidance in ASC 810-10-45-5
the shares are not considered outstanding. The Company concluded that the fair value of the consideration paid to be based on the fair
value of the noncontrolling interests determined to be million. 

Substantially
all the consideration were allocated to the license, in addition to million costs incurred in connection of the transaction, and
hence the license was recognized at million. 

In
addition, the Company recorded deferred tax liability and corresponding increase of the license value in an amount of million,
based on ASC 740-10-55-170 that accounts for situations when an asset is acquired outside of a business combination and the tax
basis of the asset differs from the amount paid assuming tax basis of 0. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

billion shares of WHEN unregistered common stock. FSC was the
putative owner of a software and trading platform which WHEN intended to use to enter into the on-line trading business. Subsequent to
the completion of the acquisition, we determined that FSC did not have control over the trading platform and software we expected to
acquire and operate. The Florida lawsuit seeks a declaratory judgment to unwind the FSC transaction and cancel the shares of WHEN common
stock issued in the FSC transaction that are still outstanding. 

A
hearing was set for January 6, 2021 whereupon mediation was ordered. The Company and EL were in discussions to resolve this issue but
no resolution was reached. The Florida lawsuit is currently pending. 

On
or about, January 19, 2022, EL filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery seeking to remove the restrictive legend from all the
shares of common stock held by EL (the 2022 Lawsuit ), which are approximately shares. The Company retained
the services of a Delaware legal counsel and has moved to dismiss or stay the 2022 lawsuit in favor of the previously filed Florida lawsuit,
which involves the same parties and same issues. The Company s motion is currently pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery. 

shares of common stock (from shares) and changed the
par value of the common stock to per share (from ). The Amendment was effective retroactive to September 28, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Each
share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at meetings of stockholders. The holders are not
permitted to vote their shares cumulatively. Accordingly, the stockholders of the Company s common stock who hold, in the aggregate,
more than fifty percent of the total voting rights can elect all of the directors and, in such event, the holders of the remaining minority
shares will not be able to elect any of such directors. The vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of
common stock entitled to vote thereon is sufficient to authorize, affirm, ratify or consent to such act or action, except as otherwise
provided by law. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

Series
A preferred stock 

The
Company has authorized Series A Preferred Stock par value per share (the Preferred Stock Series A ).
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there are shares of Preferred Stock Series A outstanding. 

The
Preferred Stock Series A have the right to vote with the common stock on all matters. . Each of George Baumoehl and Gaya Rozensweig, the directors of the Company, hold shares of the Preferred Stock
Series A. The Series A preferred stock have no dividend and liquidation preferences. 

Series
B preferred stock 

The
Company has authorized Series B Convertible Preferred Stock par value per share (the Preferred Stock Series
B ). As of December 31, 2020, there were shares of Preferred Stock Series B outstanding. 

The
Preferred Stock Series B were held by UCG, the principal shareholders of the Company. The principal s shareholders of UCG are George
Baumoehl and Gaya Rozensweig, the directors of the Company. 

The
Preferred Stock Series B were issued to UCG as consideration for the Merger. Each share of the Series B Preferred Shares will
convert into shares
of WHEN s common stock, par value , 
for an aggregate amount of 
shares of WHEN s common stock, upon the filing with the Secretary of State of Delaware of an amendment to WHEN s
certificate of incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock that the Company is authorized to issue from
time to time. The Series B convertible preferred stock have no dividend and liquidation preferences. 

Transactions 

Following
the effectiveness of the Amendment referred to in above, on December 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s
common stock to UCG, Inc. upon the automatic conversion of all outstanding shares of the Company s Series B Preferred
Shares issued in April 2020 in connection with the acquisition of RNA, Ltd. from UCG, Inc. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, par value , to its legal advisor in respect of consulting
services related to assisting the Company with its follow-on-offering registration statements, which, as of December 31, 2022, are expected
to be provided until June 30, 2023. The Company estimated the fair value of the shares issued based on the share price at the agreement
date (which was ), at thousand of which and were recorded as share-based compensation expenses in the
year ended December 31,2022 and 2021, respectively and the remaining , were recorded as prepaid expense under Other Current Assets
and will be expensed over the estimated remaining consulting services. Under the agreement, the Company is committed to pay the Consultant
additional only in the event that the Company raises at least million in the follow-on-offering in a senior security exchange. 

Between
August and October 2021, the Company and certain investors entered into subscription agreements for a private placement of units of the
Company securities (the 2021 Private Placements where each unit (a Unit and collectively the Units is comprised of (i) one (1) share of the Company s Common Stock and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase an additional
share of the Company s Common Stock through the second anniversary thereof at a per share exercise price of . The price
per unit is . Subscription agreements for an aggregate of provide that the investors are to remit the subscription proceeds
at the time of investment and in three month intervals thereafter, in each case in amounts equal to 20 of their committed amounts. Subscription
agreements for a total of were remitted at the time of execution. Through December 31, 2021, the Company received a total of
 from these subscription proceeds and in consideration thereof issued shares of Common Stock and warrants for an
additional shares of Common Stock. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

NOTE
10 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continue) 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received a total of on account of these subscriptions and in consideration thereof
issued shares of Common Stock and warrants for an additional shares of Common Stock and the balance is presented
as proceeds on account of shares. 

On
November 10, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a consultant with a term of 12 months under which it undertook to issue
to the Consultant restricted stock for services rendered during the initial six months, representing value of the stock based
on a 10 day moving average. Following a public offering of its stock the Company undertook to pay to the Consultant per month.
As of December 3, 2021, the company issued shares of common stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company recorded share based compensation expenses of and , respectively, in general and administrative expenses. 

On
November 11, 2022, the Board of Director of the Company approved the issuance of 
 shares of shares of common stock to a principal
shareholder of CrossMobile in consideration for his efforts to complete the CrosssMobile transaction. The Company estimated the fair
value of the common shares issued based on the share price of the Company as of the date of the agreement at .
The prepaid transaction costs were included under Other Current Assets as of December 31, 2021 and expensed as part of the share based
compensation expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, par value , to a consultant in respect of business
development consulting services. The Company estimated the fair value of the shares issued at thousand which were recorded
as share based compensation expenses in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company and certain investors entered into subscription agreements for a private placement of units
of the Company securities in an aggregated amount of ,
where each unit (a Unit and collectively the Units is comprised of (i) one (1) share of the Company s
Common Stock and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant to purchase an additional share of the Company s Common Stock through the
second anniversary thereof at a per share exercise price of .
The price per unit is .
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received a total of 
 on account of these subscription and in consideration
thereof issued 
 shares of Common Stock and warrants for an additional
 
 shares of Common. 

In
May 2022, the Company and certain investors entered into subscription agreements for a private placement of units of the Company securities
(the May 2022 Private Placements in an aggregated amount of , where each unit (a Unit and collectively
the Units is comprised of (i) one (1) share of the Company s Common Stock and (ii) one common stock purchase warrant
to purchase an additional share of the Company s Common Stock for a one year period at a per share exercise price of . The
price per unit is . In consideration thereof, the Company issued shares of Common Stock and warrants for an additional
 shares of Common Stock. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s Common Stock to a service provider in exchange for certain tax
services. The Company estimated the value of the shares issued at based on the share price of the Company as of the issuance date
and recorded them as part of the share based compensation expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
August 10, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a consultant with a term of 12 months under which it undertook to issue to
the Consultant restricted stock for investor relations services. The Company estimated the fair value of the shares issued
at of which were recorded as share based compensation expenses in the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31,
2022, no shares have been issued to the consultant under the above agreement. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

NOTE
10 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continue) 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company issued to CrossMobile shares of the Company s common stock (see note 1). 

On November 1, 2022, the Company
entered into a binding term sheet, which was subsequently replaced and superseded in April 2023 by a binding investment agreement,
with George Baumeohl, a Company s director, pursuant to which Mr. Baumeohl has agreed to support Company s operation by
way of an equity investment of up to 
million through August 2025, as needed. The agreement provides for sales of Company s common stock go Mr. Baumeohl at per
share purchase prices ranging between 
and .
As of the date of this report, the Company have received an aggregate of 
from Mr. Baumeohl, in consideration of which he is entitled to 
shares of common stock. After December 31, 2022, the Company received additional 
from Mr. Baumeohl to which entitles him to 
shares of our common stock at a share price of . 

shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of ,
to three members of its advisory board. Options to purchase 
 shares of common stock shall vest on the first anniversary of the agreement
and the remaining options shall vest quarterly, over additional 
 years. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing
model, assuming a risk free rate of ,
a volatility factor of ,
dividend yields of 
and an expected life of 
 years and was estimated at . 

On January 1, 2022, the Company granted options under the 2021 Plan to purchase shares of the Company s common stock
to a member of its advisory board. Options to purchase shares of common stock shall vest on the first anniversary of the agreement
and the remaining options shall vest quarterly, over additional years. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes
pricing model, assuming a risk free rate of , a volatility factor between , dividend yields of and an expected life of 
years and was estimated at . 

Mr.
Tromer, the CEO of CrossMobile, was appointed to the Company s advisory board in February 2022. In connection with his service
on the advisory board, on February 14, 2022, he was awarded options under the 2021 Plan to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock, at
a per share exercise price of 
 per share, which the exercise price for all grants
to date to member of the Company s advisory board. Mr. Tromer s options vest as follows: 
(i.e., options vest on the first anniversary of the appointment to the advisory board and the balance in increments of 
 shares on each subsequent three (3) month anniversary.
The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model, assuming a risk free rate of ,
a volatility factor of ,
dividend yields of 
and an expected life of 
 years and was estimated at . 

On
May 15, 2022, the Company granted options under the 2021 Plan to directors, employees and service providers to purchase an aggregate
of shares of common stock exercisable at a per share exercise price of . Of the options granted, 
were issued to CEO. . 

The
fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model, assuming a risk free rate of , a volatility factor
of , dividend yields of and an expected life of years and was estimated at . 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

On
September 18, 2022, the Company granted options under the 2021 Plan to a strategic advisor to purchase an aggregate of shares
of common stock exercisable at a per share exercise price of .
Of the options granted, were .
The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model, assuming a risk free rate of ,
a volatility factor of ,
dividend yields of 
and an expected life of years
and was estimated at . 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Number of options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of the option awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is .
These amounts represent the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s stock price of 
as of December 31, 2022, less the weighted exercise price. This represents the potential amount received by the option holders had
all option holders exercised their options as of that date. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

The options outstanding as of December 31, 2021 have been separated into exercise prices, as follows: 

Exercise price 
 Options 
 outstanding 
 Weighted average 
 remaining contractual 
 life years 
 Options 
 vested 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related
to non-vested options. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.6
 years. Compensation expense recorded by the Company in respect of its stock-based compensation awards in accordance with ASC 718-10
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
 and ,
respectively. 

Share-based compensation expenses (Notes 10, 11) 
 
 - 
 
 Professional fees and other development costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Vehicle maintenance 

Rent and office maintenance 

Total
 Research and Development Expenses 

Share-based compensation expenses (Notes 10, 11) 

Professional services 

Rent and office maintenance 

Office expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 
 - 

Advertising 

Doubtful debts 
 - 

Other expenses 

Total
 general and administrative expenses 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

plus state income tax rates which vary from state to state. 

Income
of the Israeli company is taxable at enacted tax rate of .
Income of the Poland company is taxable at enacted tax rate of . 

The Company and its Israeli and
Polish subsidiaries have not received final tax assessments since Subsidiaries inception. Company s tax years are open for
assessment Company s tax years, from 2016 onwards, are open for assessment and for the Subsidiaries all tax years from
commencement are open for assessment. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company and its Subsidiary has carryforward losses for tax purposes of approximately and , respectively, which can be offset against future taxable income, if any. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million will expire between the years and , and the
remainder has no expiration date. 

B. Composition
of loss for the year: 

Israel 

Poland 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 loss from continuing operation 

C. The
following is a reconciliation between the theoretical tax on pre-tax loss, at the federal income tax rate applicable to the Company and
the income tax expense reported in the financial statements: 

U.S. federal income tax rate 

Income tax benefit computed at the applicable tax rate 

Non-deductible expenses 

Share-based compensation 

Remeasurement of deferred taxes due to currency exchange and change in estimations 
 
 - 
 
 Effect of differences in corporate income tax rates 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income
 tax expense (Benefit) 
 - 
 - 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars) 

D. Deferred taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and
operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Share-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred Tax assets 
 - 
 - 

) of which share-based compensation 

Research and development expenses: 

Salaries and fees to officers ) 

) of which share-based compensation 
 
 - 

B. Balances
 with related parties and officers: 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Other current assets 

Liability for employee rights upon retirement 

Long term loan from related party ) 

) Received from UCG by December 31, 2021. The loan bears no interest. 

WORLD
HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars except share and per share data) 

shares
 of the Company s common stock at per share exercise price of ,
 exercisable over years,
 of which options for of
 the share will vest on each of the anniversaries of the execution of the agreement, beginning with January 24, 2024 and thereafter
 on each subsequent anniversary, subject to continued services with RNA. 

2. 
 On
 January 24, 2023, RNA entered into an agreement for research and update of international needs of IOT device with a consultant under
 which it undertook to issue to the Consultant Non-Plan option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock
 at per share exercise price of , exercisable over years, of which options for of the share will vest on each
 of the anniversaries of the execution of the agreement, beginning with January 24, 2024 and thereafter on each subsequent anniversary,
 subject to continued services with RNA. 

3. 
 On
 January 26, 2023, the Company, IstaView Ltd. and the shareholder of Istaview entered
 into an Investment Agreement (the Instaview Investment Agreement pursuant to which the Company purchased 26 of the
 outstanding common share capital of Istaview on a fully diluted basis, in consideration of the issuance by the Company to Istaview
 of restricted shares of Company common stock. Under the Instaview Investment Agreement, subject
 to Instaview meeting annual revenues target specified in the Investment Agreement for each of the years ending December
 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, as certified by Instaview and its accountants and verified by the Company, the Instaview shareholder would
 be entitled to potentially up to an additional shares of the Company s common stock over this three year period. 

In
 addition, under the Instaview Investment Agreement, the
 Company has the option to purchase additional shares of Instaview in each of calendar years 2023, 2024 and 2025, representing, in
 each such year, respectively, , and of the share capital of Instaview for consideration consisting of, respectively, ,
 and additional shares of the Company. 

In
 connection with the Instaview Investment Agreement, the Company, Instaview and the Instaview shareholder also entered into a shareholders
 agreement pursuant to which the Company was granted standard preemptive rights, veto rights over certain corporate action by Instaview,
 restrictions on transfer of shares, rights of first offer and tag along rights. In addition, the Instaview shareholder undertook
 to not compete with Instaview for so long as he is an Instaview shareholder and for a three year period thereafter. 

4. 
 On
 January 24, 2023, the Company received subscription proceeds of under the investment agreement with Mr. Baumeohll
 referred to in Note 10 above in respect of which he is entitled to shares of the Company s common stock,
 at a per share price of . 

5. 
 On February 8, 2023, the Company entered into an
 investment agreement with a shareholder pursuant to which it raised 
 from the private placement of share of our common stock at a per share purchase price of ,
 in respect of which it issued to the shareholder to 
 shares of Common Stock. 

6. 
 On February 8, 2023, the Company issued to the investor specified in item
5 above and a designee an aggregate of shares of r common stock in satisfaction of a loan made by the shareholder to the
Company in the principal amount of plus interest of of accrued interest for the 10-year loan period 

7. 
 On
 March 10, 2023, the Company received subscription proceeds of 
 under the investment agreement with Mr. Baumeohll referred to in Note 10 above in respect of which he is entitled to 
 shares of the Company s common stock, at a per share price of . 

F- 28 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

General 

We
are currently authorized to issue up to 750,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.00001
per share. As of April 17, 2023, there were 517,942,741,330 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock outstanding
All of our issued and outstanding shares have been validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Our
bylaws permit the board of directors to issue the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock. Our certificate
of incorporation permits us to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Common Stock by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our
Common Stock have no cumulative voting rights. Further, holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive, conversion, redemption or subscription
rights and there are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our Common Stock. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our Common Stock have the right under Section 281 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law to a ratable portion of assets remaining after satisfaction in full of the prior rights of our creditors, all
liabilities and the total liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Dividends 

Subject
to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive
dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors, or board, out of our assets which are legally available. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which none were issued
and outstanding as of the date of this registration statement. The board of directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of these
unissued shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix the number of shares and to determine the rights, preferences and
privileges thereof. Accordingly, the board of directors may issue preferred stock which may convert into large numbers of shares of Common
Stock and consequently lead to further dilution of other shareholders. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock were issued in August 2019 to each of Gaya Rozensweig and George Baumeohl. The Series A Preferred Stock is authorized
to vote with the Common Stock in all stockholder meetings that the Common Stock may vote and each share has voting power equal to 10,000
votes per share. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

The
provisions of Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging
another person from acquiring control of the Company. These provisions, which are summarized below, may have the effect of discouraging
takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board
of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited
acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an
improvement of their terms. 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaw Provisions 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that could deter
hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team, including the following: 

Board
 of directors vacancies. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled
 only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, irrespective of whether there is a quorum, or by a sole
 remaining director. Additionally, the number of directors to serve on our board of directors is fixed solely and exclusively by resolution
 duly adopted by our board of directors. This would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and then
 gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult
 to change the composition of our board of directors but promotes continuity of management. 

Special
 meetings of stockholders. Our Certificate of Incorporation currently provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be
 called by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
 then in office. 

No
 cumulative voting . The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate
 votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Issuance
 of undesignated preferred stock . Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue
 up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time
 to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, which may be converted into
 large numbers of shares of Common Stock, would enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt
 to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means. 

Delaware
Business Combination Statute . The Company is subject to the business combination provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination
with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date such person becomes an interested stockholder, unless the
business combination or the transaction in which such person becomes an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally,
a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to
the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person that, together with affiliates and associates,
owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s
voting stock. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by
our board of directors, and the anti-takeover effect includes discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price
for the shares of our Common Stock. 

Exclusive
forum . Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the
sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice
of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers a nd
other employees. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, with a mailing address of One State
Street Plaza, New York, NY 10004. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries 

World Heath Energy, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary 

FSC Solutions, Inc. wholly owned subsidiary 

SG 77, Inc. wholly owned subsidiary 

RNA Ltd. a direct wholly owned subsidairy of SG 77,
Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31>
 4
 ex31.htm

Exhibit 31 

 Certification 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 

 and Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Giora Rozensweig, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of World Health Energy Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over
financing reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Giora Rosenzweig 

Giora Rosenzweig 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32.htm

EXHIBIT 32 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report by the
Chief Executive Officer and 

 Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of World Health Energy Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Giora Rozensweig, Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Giora Rosenzweig 

Giora Rosenzweig 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal 

Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 when-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 when-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 when-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 when-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

