<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230613_10-K_edgar_data_88948_0001437749-23-017258.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10091785</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>202586</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1657584</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3291516</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2396772</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2272963</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-017258.hdr.sgml : 20230613
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230613161458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-017258
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230613
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230613

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seneca Foods Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED, FRUITS, VEG & PRESERVES, JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		IRS NUMBER:				160733425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-01989
		FILM NUMBER:		231011361

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		315 926 8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP /NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIERCE S S COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780425

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-017258.txt : 20230613

10-K
 1
 senea20230331_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

senea20230331c_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark one)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization

(I. R. S. Employer Identification No.

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 
			 Trading Symbol 
			 Name of Exchange on Which Registered 

Global Select Market 

Global Select Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 
			 
			 Non-accelerated filer 
			 Smaller reporting company 
			 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of September 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was (based on the closing share price per market reports generated from the NASDAQ Global Select Market System on September 30, 2022).

As of May 25, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock outstanding.

Auditor 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held hereafter, and the Annual Report to Shareholders of Seneca Foods Corporation for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ), included as Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K, are incorporated by reference in Parts I, II, III, and IV hereof.

Table of Contents 

SENECA FOODS CORPORATION 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. 

Pages

Item 1.

Business 

2 

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

5 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

12 

Item 2.

Properties 

12 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

13 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

13 

PART II. 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Stock, Related Security Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

13 

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

13 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

13 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

13 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

13 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting Financial Disclosure 

14 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

14 

Item 9B.

Other Information 

14 

PART III. 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

14 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

15 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

15 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

15 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

15 

PART IV. 

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

15 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

17 

SIGNATURES 

18 

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they address future events, developments, and results and do not relate strictly to historical facts. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements, and may contain the words "will," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seeks," "should," "likely," "targets," "may", "can" and variations thereof and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. We believe important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, the following:

o

the effects of rising costs and availability of raw fruit and vegetables, steel, ingredients, packaging, other raw materials, distribution and labor;

o

crude oil prices and their impact on distribution, packaging and energy costs;

o

an overall labor shortage, ability to retain a sufficient seasonal workforce, lack of skilled labor, labor inflation or increased turnover impacting our ability to recruit and retain employees;

o

climate and weather affecting growing conditions and crop yields;

o

our ability to successfully implement sales price increases and cost saving measures to offset cost increases;

o

the loss of significant customers or a substantial reduction in orders from these customers;

o

effectiveness of our marketing and trade promotion programs;

o

competition, changes in consumer preferences, demand for our products and local economic and market conditions;

o

the impact of a pandemic on our business, suppliers, customers, consumers and employees;

o

unanticipated expenses, including, without limitation, litigation or legal settlement expenses;

o

product liability claims;

o

the anticipated needs for, and the availability of, cash;

o

the availability of financing;

o

leverage and the ability to service and reduce debt;

o

foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations;

o

the risks associated with the expansion of our business;

o

the ability to successfully integrate acquisitions into our operations;

o

our ability to protect information systems against, or effectively respond to, a cybersecurity incident or other disruption;

o

other factors that affect the food industry generally, including:

recalls if products become adulterated or misbranded, liability if product consumption causes injury, ingredient disclosure and labeling laws and regulations and the possibility that consumers could lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products;

competitors pricing practices and promotional spending levels;

fluctuations in the level of our customers inventories and credit and other business risks related to our customers operating in a challenging economic and competitive environment; and

the risks associated with third-party suppliers, including the risk that any failure by one or more of our third-party suppliers to comply with food safety or other laws and regulations may disrupt our supply of raw materials or certain finished goods products or injure our reputation; and

o

changes in, or the failure or inability to comply with, U.S., foreign and local governmental regulations, including environmental and health and safety regulations.

Any of these factors, as well as such other factors as discussed in (1) Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, (2) Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and (3) in our other periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results. The information provided in this Form 10-K is based upon the facts and circumstances known as of the date of this report, and any forward-looking statements made by us in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after such date, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

1

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Seneca Foods Corporation Seneca or the Company was founded in 1949 and has evolved through internal growth and strategic acquisitions into a leading provider of packaged fruits and vegetables, with 26 main facilities located throughout the United States. The facilities are comprised of plants for packaging, can manufacturing, seed production, a farming operation and a logistical support network. Food packaging operations are primarily supported by plant locations in New York, Michigan, Oregon, Wisconsin, Washington, Idaho, Illinois, and Minnesota. The Company also maintains warehouses which are generally located adjacent to its packaging plants. The Company is incorporated in New York with its headquarters located at 350 WillowBrook Office Park Fairport, New York and its telephone number is (585) 495-4100.

The Company s business strategies are designed to grow its market share and enhance sales and margins. These strategies include: 1) expand the Company s leadership in the packaged fruit and vegetable industry; 2) provide low-cost, high-quality vegetable products to consumers through the elimination of costs from the Company s supply chain and investment in state-of-the-art production and logistical technology; 3) focus on growth opportunities to capitalize on higher expected returns; and 4) pursue strategic acquisitions that leverage the Company s core competencies.

Available Information 

The Company s Internet address is www.senecafoods.com . The Company s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available on the Company s web site, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. All such filings on the Company s web site are available free of charge. Information on our website is not part of the annual report on Form 10-K.

In addition, the Company's website includes items related to corporate governance matters, including charters of various committees of the Board of Directors and the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company intends to disclose on its website any amendment to or waiver of any provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ.

Financial Information about Industry Segments 

The Company has historically managed its business on the basis of three reportable food packaging segments: (1) fruits and vegetables, (2) prepared food products and (3) snack products. The other category comprises non-food packaging sales which relate to the sale of cans, ends, seed, and outside revenue from the Company's trucking and aircraft operations. During fiscal year 2021, the Company sold its prepared foods business, leaving just two reportable segments along with the other category. The Company s food operation constituted 98 of total net sales in fiscal year 2023. Canned vegetables represented 83 , frozen vegetables represented 8 , fruit products represented 6 , and chip products represented 1 of the total food packaging net sales. Non-food packaging sales represented 2 of the Company's fiscal year 2023 net sales. Refer to the information set forth under the heading Segment Information in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , for additional discussion about the Company s segments.

Principal products and markets 

The Company s principal product offerings include canned, frozen and bottled produce, and snack chips. The Company manufactures and sells the following:

private label products to retailers, such as supermarkets, mass merchandisers, and specialty retailers, for resale under the retailers own or controlled labels;

private label and branded products to the foodservice industry, including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators;

branded products under national and regional brands that the Company owns or licenses, including Seneca , Libby s , Aunt Nellie s , Cherryman , Green Valley and READ 

branded products under co-pack agreements to other major branded companies for their distribution; and

products to the Company s industrial customer base for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food manufacturers.

2

Table of Contents 

The Company s fruits and vegetables are sold nationwide by major grocery outlets, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, limited assortment stores, club stores and dollar stores. The Company also sells its products to foodservice distributors, restaurants chains, industrial markets, other food processors, export customers in approximately 60 countries and federal, state and local governments for school and other food programs. Additionally, the Company packs canned and frozen vegetables under contract packing agreements. The following table summarizes net sales by major product category for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 (in thousands):

Fiscal Year:

2023

2022

Canned vegetables

1,253,257 

1,135,983 

Frozen vegetables

121,211 

123,895 

Fruit products

91,495 

84,708 

Snack products

12,661 

12,332 

Other

30,728 

28,362 

1,509,352 

1,385,280 

Source and Availability of Raw Materials 

The Company s high-quality products are primarily sourced from approximately 1,400 American farms. The Company purchases other raw materials, including steel, ingredients and packaging materials from commodity processors, steel producers and packaging suppliers. Raw materials and other input costs, such as labor, fuel, utilities and transportation, are subject to fluctuations in price attributable to a number of factors. Fluctuations in commodity prices can lead to retail price volatility and can influence consumer and trade buying patterns. The cost of raw materials, fuel, labor, distribution and other costs related to our operations can increase from time to time significantly and unexpectedly.

The Company continues to experience material cost inflation for many of its raw materials and other input costs attributable to a number of factors, including but not limited to, supply chain disruptions (including raw material shortages), labor shortages, and the war in Ukraine. While the Company has no direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine, it has experienced increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw materials due in part to the negative impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on the global economy. The Company attempts to manage cost inflation risks by locking in prices through short-term supply contracts, advance grower purchase agreements, and by implementing cost saving measures. The Company also attempts to offset rising input costs by raising sales prices to its customers. However, increases in the prices the Company charges its customers may lag behind rising input costs. Competitive pressures also may limit the Company s ability to quickly raise prices in response to rising costs. To the extent the Company is unable to avoid or offset any present or future cost increases its operating results could be materially adversely affected.

Domestic and International Sales 

The following table sets forth domestic and international sales (In thousands, except percentages):

Fiscal Year

2023

2022

Net sales:

Domestic

1,408,710 

1,285,540 

International

100,642 

99,740 

Total net sales

1,509,352 

1,385,280 

As a percentage of net sales:

Domestic

93.3 

92.8 

International

6.7 

7.2 

Total

100.0 

100.0 

Intellectual Property 

The Company's most significant brand name, Libby's , is held pursuant to a trademark license granted to the Company in March 1982 and renewable by the Company every 10 years for an aggregate period expiring in March 2081. The original licensor was Libby, McNeill Libby, Inc., then an indirect subsidiary of Nestl , S. A. ("Nestl ") and the license was granted in connection with the Company's purchase of certain of the licensor's canned vegetable operations in the United States. Corlib Brands Management, LTD acquired the license from Nestl during 2006. The license is limited to vegetables which are shelf-stable, frozen, and thermally packaged, and includes the Company's major vegetable varieties corn, peas and green beans as well as certain other thermally packaged vegetable varieties and sauerkraut.

3

Table of Contents 

The Company is required to pay an annual royalty to Corlib Brands, now known as Libby's Brand Holding, Ltd., who may terminate the license for non-payment of royalty, use of the trademark in sales outside the licensed territory, failure to achieve a minimum level of sales under the licensed trademark during any calendar year or a material breach or default by the Company under the agreement (which is not cured within the specified cure period). A total of 0.1 million was paid as a royalty fee for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023.

The Company also sells canned vegetables, frozen vegetables, jarred fruit, and other food products under several other brands for which the Company has obtained registered trademarks, including, Aunt Nellie s , CherryMan , Green Valley , READ , Seneca , and other regional brands.

Seasonality 

While individual vegetables have seasonal cycles of peak production and sales, the different cycles are somewhat offsetting. Minimal food packaging occurs in the Company's last fiscal quarter ending March 31, which is the optimal time for maintenance, repairs and equipment changes in its packaging plants. The supply of commodities, current pricing, and expected new crop quantity and quality affect the timing and amount of the Company s sales and earnings. When the seasonal harvesting periods of the Company's major vegetables are newly completed, inventories for these packaged vegetables are at their highest levels. For peas, the peak inventory time is mid-summer and for corn and green beans, the Company's highest volume vegetables, the peak inventory is in mid-autumn. The seasonal nature of the Company s production cycle results in inventory and accounts payable reaching their lowest point late in the fourth quarter/early in the first quarter prior to the new seasonal pack commencing. As the seasonal pack progresses, these components of working capital both increase until the pack is complete.

The Company s revenues typically are highest in the second and third fiscal quarters. This is due, in part, because the Company s fruit and vegetable sales exhibit seasonal increases in the third fiscal quarter due to increased retail demand during the holiday season. In addition, the Company sells canned and frozen vegetables to a co-pack customer on a bill and hold basis at the end of each pack cycle, which typically occurs during these quarters.

These seasonal fluctuations are illustrated in the following table, which presents certain unaudited quarterly financial information for the periods indicated (in thousands):

First 
			Quarter

Second

Quarter

Third 
			Quarter

Fourth

Quarter

Fiscal Year 2023:

Net sales

265,193 

439,842 

473,254 

331,063 

Gross margin

22,843 

41,779 

53,789 

17,485 

Net earnings

5,103 

16,131 

21,054 

(9,150 

Fiscal Year 2022:

Net sales

235,042 

372,256 

445,593 

332,389 

Gross margin

33,623 

42,728 

44,985 

26,596 

Net earnings

14,136 

11,654 

18,664 

6,553 

Competition 

Competition in the packaged food industry is substantial with brand recognition and promotion, quality, service, and pricing being the major determinants in the Company s relative market position. The Company believes that it is a major producer of canned vegetables, frozen vegetables, and jarred fruit but some producers of these products have sales which exceed the Company's sales. The Company is aware of at least 13 competitors in the U.S. packaged fruit and vegetable industry, many of which are privately held companies.

Government Regulation 

The Company is subject to extensive regulations in the United States by federal, state and local government authorities. In the United States, the federal agencies governing the manufacture, marketing and distribution of our products include, among others, the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the United States Food Drug Administration FDA ), the United States Department of Agriculture USDA ), the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ). Under various statutes, these agencies prescribe and establish, among other things, the requirements and standards for quality, safety and representation of the Company s products to the consumer in labeling and advertising. 

4

Table of Contents 

Environmental protection is an area that has been worked on diligently at each food packaging facility. In all locations, the Company has cooperated with federal, state, and local environmental protection authorities in developing and maintaining suitable antipollution facilities. In general, we believe our pollution control facilities are equal to or somewhat superior to those of our competitors and are within environmental protection standards. The Company does not expect any capital expenditures out of the ordinary course of business in order to comply with environmental regulations in the near future.

There has been a broad range of proposed and promulgated state, national and international regulations aimed at reducing the effects of climate change. In the United States, there is a significant possibility that some form of regulation will be forthcoming at the federal level to address the effects of climate change. Such regulation could result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, consultant expenses, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.

Human Capital 

Employment 

As of March 31, 2023, Seneca Foods employed 2,809 full-time employees and averaged approximately an additional 3,600 seasonal employees during the Company s peak summer harvest season. 100 of our employees are located in the United States, distributed across the Company s facilities.

Culture 

At Seneca Foods, we work hard every day to feed the world safe and nutritious products, while adhering to our fundamental beliefs (which can be found on our website). These beliefs include acting with integrity in all matters, treating employees with respect, and maintaining the highest standards for protecting our workers. We also believe in promoting from within, which has resulted in many long-tenured employees in leadership positions throughout the Company.

Employee Health and Safety 

The health and safety of our employees is a top priority at Seneca Foods. The Company complies with all national and local laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate regarding worker health and safety. In addition, we work to continuously improve our safety record with worker safety training and Seneca s HERO (Health Environment Risk Observation) program, in which employees proactively identify and mitigate potential safety risks. At Seneca Foods, we believe that safety is everyone s responsibility, and the HERO program reflects that commitment, with close to 100 employee participation.

The Company also conducts annual safety audits at all processing locations to ensure compliance with Seneca and OSHA safety standards. External risk management services are also consulted as part of this process. The Company s management recognizes plants that achieve at least one million work hours or 1,000 days worked without a lost time injury to employees with the President s Bronze Eagle award, which is prominently displayed at many of our processing facilities.

Employee Training and Development 

Seneca Foods believes in developing internal talent and providing employees with an opportunity for education and advancement. In support of this endeavor, we have developed two key programs . SAVES (Seneca Adding Value Employee System) focuses on employee empowerment, education, and application of lean manufacturing principles. The Company s dedicated SAVES instructors and project leaders educate employees and empower them to make process improvements at all of our processing facilities. GROWS (Get Rid of Waste Systemically) supports our leadership development efforts through continuous improvement project leadership.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

Seneca Foods believes that everyone should feel respected and welcome in our workplace. The Company is committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment, and to applying fair labor practices while respecting the national and local laws of the countries and communities where we have operations. The Company does not engage in or tolerate discrimination, intimidation, harassment, or any other unlawful conduct. We believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce provides the Company with the benefits of different viewpoints and perspectives, as well as a talented and innovative employee base.

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The following factors as well as factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K or in other filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our business operations or financial results. The Company refers to itself as we , our or us in this section.

5

Table of Contents 

Fruit and Vegetable Industry Risks 

Excess capacity in the fruit and vegetable industry has a downward impact on selling price. 

If canned vegetable, frozen vegetable, or jarred fruit categories decline, less shelf space will be devoted to these categories in the supermarkets. Fresh and perishable businesses are improving their delivery systems around the world and the availability of fresh produce is impacting the consumers purchasing patterns relating to packaged fruit and vegetables. Our financial performance and growth are related to conditions in the United States fruit and vegetable packaging industry which is a mature industry. Our net sales are a function of product availability and market pricing. In the fruit and vegetable packaging industry, product availability and market prices tend to have an inverse relationship: market prices tend to decrease as more product is available and to increase if less product is available. Product availability is a direct result of plantings, growing conditions, crop yields and inventory levels, all of which vary from year to year. Moreover, fruit and vegetable production outside the United States, particularly in Europe, Asia and South America, is increasing at a time when worldwide demand for certain products is being impacted by the global economic slowdown. These factors may have a significant effect on supply and competition and create downward pressure on prices. In addition, market prices can be affected by the planting and inventory levels and individual pricing decisions of our competitors. Generally, market prices in the fruit and vegetable packaging industry adjust more quickly to variations in product availability than an individual packager can adjust its cost structure; thus, in an oversupply situation, a packager s margins likely will weaken. We typically have experienced lower margins during times of industry oversupply.

In the past, the fruit and vegetable packaging industry has been characterized by excess capacity, with resulting pressure on our prices and profit margins. We have closed packaging plants in past years in response to the downward pressure on prices. There can be no assurance that our margins will improve in response to favorable market conditions or that we will be able to operate profitably during depressed market conditions.

Growing cycles and adverse weather conditions may decrease our results from operations. 

Our operations are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables we package. When the vegetables are ready to be picked, we must harvest and package them quickly or forego the opportunity to package fresh picked vegetables for an entire year. Most of our vegetables are grown by farmers under contract with us. Consequently, we must pay the contract grower for the vegetables even if we cannot or do not harvest or package them. Most of our production occurs during the second quarter (July through September) of our fiscal year, which corresponds with the quarter that the growing season ends for most of the produce packaged by us. A majority of our sales occur during the second and third quarters of each fiscal year due to seasonal consumption patterns for our products. Accordingly, inventory levels are highest during the second and third quarters, and accounts receivable levels are highest during the second and third quarters. Net sales generated during our second and third fiscal quarters have a significant impact on our results of operations. Because of these seasonal fluctuations, the results of any particular quarter, particularly in the first half of our fiscal year, will not necessarily be indicative of results for the full year or for future years.

We set our planting schedules without knowing the effect of the weather on the crops or on the entire industry s production. Weather conditions during the course of each vegetable crop s growing season will affect the volume and growing time of that crop. As most of our vegetables are produced in more than one part of the U.S., this somewhat reduces the risk that our entire crop will be subject to disastrous weather. The upper Midwest is the primary growing region for the principal vegetables which we pack, namely peas, green beans and corn, and it is also a substantial source of our competitors vegetable production. A sizeable portion of our vegetable production areas are serviced with irrigation systems to help minimize (i) wet conditions for planting and (ii) dry conditions during the growing season. Any adverse effects of weather-related reduced production may be partially mitigated by higher selling prices for the vegetables which are produced.

The commodity materials that we package or otherwise require are subject to price increases that could adversely affect our profitability. 

The materials that we use, such as raw fruit and vegetables, steel, ingredients, pouches and other packaging materials as well as the electricity, diesel fuel, and natural gas used in our business, are commodities that may experience price volatility caused by external factors, including market fluctuations, availability, currency fluctuations and changes in governmental regulations and agricultural programs. General inventory positions of major commodities, such as field corn, soybeans and wheat, all commodities with which we must compete for acreage, can have dramatic effects on prices for those commodities, which can translate into similar swings in prices needed to be paid for our contracted commodities. These programs and other events can result in reduced supplies of these commodities, higher supply costs or interruptions in our production schedules. If prices of these commodities increase beyond what we can pass along to our customers, our operating income will decrease.

6

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated With Our Operations 

Changes in economic conditions that impact consumer spending could harm our business. 

The food products industry and our financial performance are sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including not limited to, inflation, economic volatility resulting from a pandemic and the war in Ukraine. Future economic conditions affecting consumer income such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, inflation and tax rates could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to other products. Historic increases in inflation following the COVID-19 pandemic may cause consumers to be more sensitive to price changes. A general reduction in the level of consumer spending or shifts in consumer spending to other products could have a material adverse effect on our growth, sales, and profitability.

Pandemics or disease outbreaks may disrupt our business, including among other things, our supply chain, our manufacturing operations and customer and consumer demand for our products, and could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

The spread of pandemics or disease outbreaks may negatively affect our operations. If a significant percentage of our workforce or the workforce of our third-party business partners is unable to work, including because of illness or travel or government restrictions in connection with a pandemic or disease outbreak, our operations may be negatively impacted. Some of our workforce dwell in company provided housing and therefore any outbreaks would need to be managed, to the extent possible, to meet health care protocols. Pandemics or disease outbreaks could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect economies and financial markets, consumer spending and confidence levels resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customer and consumer demand for our products.

Our efforts to manage and mitigate these factors may be unsuccessful, and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond our control, including the duration and severity of any pandemic or disease outbreak, as well as third party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate public health effects.

The ultimate impact of a pandemic on our business will depend on many factors, including, among others, the duration of social distancing and stay-at-home mandates, our ability to continue to operate our manufacturing facilities and maintain the supply chain without material disruption, and the extent to which macroeconomic conditions resulting from the pandemic and the pace of the subsequent recovery may impact consumer eating habits.

We depend upon key customers. 

Our products are sold in a highly competitive marketplace, which includes increased concentration and a growing presence of large-format retailers and discounters. Dependence upon key customers could lead to increased pricing pressure by these customers. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the Company s total net sales. The top ten customers represented approximately 55 , and 53 of net sales for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. If we lose a significant customer or if sales to a significant customer materially decrease, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

If we do not maintain the market shares of our products, our business and revenues may be adversely affected. 

All of our products compete with those of other national and regional food packaging companies under highly competitive conditions. The fruit and vegetable products which we sell under our own brand names not only compete with fruit and vegetable products produced by food packaging competitors, but also compete with products we produce and sell under contract packing agreements with other companies who market those products under their own brand names and the vegetables we sell to various retail grocery chains which carry our customer s own brand names.

The customers who buy our products to sell under their own brand names control the marketing programs for those products. In recent years, many major retail food chains have been increasing their promotions, offerings and shelf space allocations for their own fruit and vegetable brands, to the detriment of fruit and vegetable brands owned by the packagers, including our own brands. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our customers/competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. There are competitive pressures and other factors, which could cause our products to lose market share or result in significant price erosion that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Increases in logistics and other transportation-related costs could materially adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our ability to competitively serve our customers depends on the availability of reliable and low-cost transportation. We use multiple forms of transportation to bring our products to market. They include trucks, intermodal, rail cars, and ships. Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of these services for any reason, including availability or cost of fuel, regulations affecting the industry, or labor shortages in the transportation industry, could have an adverse effect on our ability to serve our customers, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

7

Table of Contents 

A recall of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may be subject to significant liability should the consumption of any of our products cause injury, illness or death. 

The sale of food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from mislabeling, tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, undeclared allergens, substances, chemicals, other agents or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling or transportation phases of production. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to recall products, leading to a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Even if a situation does not necessitate a recall, product liability claims might be asserted against us. We have from time to time been involved in product liability lawsuits, none of which have been material to our business. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe our facilities comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, if the consumption of any of our products causes, or is alleged to have caused, a health-related illness in the future we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused injury, illness or death could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image. Moreover, claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. We maintain product liability insurance in an amount we believe to be adequate. However, we cannot assure you that we will not incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall or the damage to our reputation resulting therefrom could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

Pending and future litigation may lead us to incur significant costs. 

We are, or may become, party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business, which may include lawsuits or claims relating to contracts, intellectual property, product recalls, product liability, the marketing and labeling of products, employment matters, environmental matters or other aspects of our business. Even when not merited, the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management s attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict, and the outcome of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

We face risks associated with our defined benefit pension plan. 

We maintain a company-sponsored defined benefit pension plan. A deterioration in the value of plan assets resulting from poor market performance, a general financial downturn or otherwise could cause an increase in the amount of contributions we are required to make to these plans. For example, our defined benefit pension plan may from time to time move from an overfunded to underfunded status driven by decreases in plan asset values that may result from changes in long-term interest rates and disruptions in U.S. or global financial markets. For a more detailed description of the pension plan, refer to the information set forth under the heading Retirement Plans in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. An obligation to make additional, unanticipated contributions to our defined benefit plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity.

Our business is dependent on our information technology systems and software, and failure to protect against or effectively respond to cyber-attacks, security breaches, or other incidents involving those systems, could adversely affect day-to-day operations and decision making processes and have an adverse effect on our performance and reputation. 

The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems, which we rely on to effectively manage our business data, communications, logistics, accounting, regulatory and other business processes. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain an appropriate technology environment, our business, reputation, or financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including systems failures, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, viruses, ransomware, security breaches or cyber incidents. Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are increasing in the number of attempts and frequency by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives. A security breach of sensitive information could result in damage to our reputation and our relations with our customers or employees. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business.

8

Table of Contents 

We generate agricultural food packaging wastes and are subject to substantial environmental regulation. 

As a food packager, we regularly dispose of produce wastes (silage) and processing water as well as materials used in plant operation and maintenance and our plant boilers, which generate heat used in packaging and can manufacturing operations, producing generally small emissions into the air. These activities and operations are regulated by federal and state laws and the respective federal and state environmental agencies. Occasionally, we may be required to remediate conditions found by the regulators to be in violation of environmental law or to contribute to the cost of remediating waste disposal sites, which we neither owned nor operated, but in which, we and other companies deposited waste materials, usually through independent waste disposal companies. Future possible costs of environmental remediation, contributions and penalties could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our production capacity for certain products and commodities is concentrated in a limited number of facilities, exposing us to a material disruption in production in the event that a disaster strikes. 

We only have one plant that produces fruit products and one plant that produces pumpkin products. We have two plants that manufacture empty cans, one with substantially more capacity than the other, which are not interchangeable since each plant cannot necessarily produce all the can sizes needed. Although we maintain property and business interruption insurance coverage, there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate in the event of a catastrophe or significant disruption at these or other Company facilities. If such an event occurs, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may undertake acquisitions or product innovations and may have difficulties integrating them or may not realize the anticipated benefits. 

In the future, we may undertake acquisitions of other businesses or introduce new products, although there can be no assurances that these will occur. Such undertakings involve numerous risks and significant investments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire acquisition candidates on favorable terms, to profitably manage or to successfully integrate future businesses that we may acquire or new products we may introduce without substantial costs, delays or problems. Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are dependent upon a seasonal workforce and our inability to hire sufficient employees may adversely affect our business. 

At the end of December 2022, we had roughly 3,000 employees of which approximately 2,800 were full time, 100 seasonal employees worked in food packaging, and 100 employees worked in other activities. During the peak summer harvest period, we averaged approximately 3,600 additional seasonal employees to help package fruit and vegetables. If there is a shortage of seasonal labor, or if there is an increase to minimum wage rates, this could have a negative impact on our cost of operations. Many of our packaging operations are located in rural communities that may not have sufficient labor pools, requiring us to hire employees from other regions. An inability to hire and train sufficient employees during the critical harvest period could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Increases in Labor Costs or Work Stoppages or Strikes Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Personnel costs, including the costs of medical and other employee health and welfare benefits, have increased. These costs can vary substantially as a result of an increase in the number, mix and experience of our employees and changes in health care and other employment-related laws. There are no assurances that we will succeed in reducing future increases in such costs. Increases in personnel costs can also be amplified by low unemployment rates, preferences among workers in the labor market and general tight labor market conditions in any of the areas where we operate. Our inability to control such costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Although we consider our labor relations to be good, if a significant number of our employees engaged in a work slowdown, or other type of labor unrest, it could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers, which could result in reduced sales, and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities. Any of these activities could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Environmental and other regulation of our business, including potential climate change regulation, could adversely impact us by increasing our production cost or restricting our ability to import certain products into the United States. 

Climate change serves as a risk multiplier increasing both the frequency and severity of natural disasters that may affect our business operations. Moreover, there has been a broad range of proposed and promulgated state, national and international regulation aimed at reducing the effects of climate change. In the United States, there is a significant possibility that some form of regulation will be enacted at the federal level to address the effects of climate change. Such regulation could take several forms that could result in additional costs in the form of taxes, consultant costs, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances. Climate change regulation continues to evolve, and it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation.

9

Table of Contents 

There may be increased governmental legislative and regulatory activity in reaction to consumer perception related to enamels. 

There has been continued state legislative activity to ban certain enamels used to line cans; such as Bisphenol-A ("BPA"). These legislative decisions are predominantly driven by consumer perception that BPA may be harmful. These actions have been taken despite the scientific evidence and general consensus of United States and international government agencies that BPA is safe and does not pose a risk to human health. The legislative actions combined with growing public perception about food safety may require us to change some of the materials used as linings in our packaging materials. Failure to do so could result in a loss of sales as well as loss in value of the inventory utilizing certain materials. In collaboration with other can makers as well as enamel suppliers, we have aggressively worked to find alternative materials for can linings not manufactured using BPA. We have transitioned to BPANI (BPA Non-intent) and less than 1 of our canned product volume still includes BPA. Even though BPANI has been fully approved by the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), there could be future legislative or regulatory actions that claim BPANI also poses a risk to human health. Future changes or additional health and safety laws and regulations in connection with our products, packaging or processes may also impose upon us new requirements, costs, and changes to production. Such requirements, changes, liabilities, and costs could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The implementation of the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 may affect operations. 

The Food Safety Modernization Act ("FSMA") was enacted with the goal of enabling the FDA to better protect public health by strengthening the food safety system. FSMA was designed to focus the efforts of FDA on preventing food safety problems rather than relying primarily on reacting to problems after they occur. The law also provides the FDA with new enforcement authorities designed to achieve higher rates of compliance with prevention and risk-based food safety standards and to better respond to and contain problems when they do occur. The increased inspections, mandatory recall authority of the FDA, increased scrutiny of foreign sourced or supplied food products, and increased records access may have an impact on our business. As we are already in a highly regulated business, operating under the increased scrutiny of more FDA authority does not appear likely to negatively impact our business. The law also gives FDA important new tools to hold imported foods to the same standards as domestic foods.

Our results are dependent on successful marketplace initiatives and acceptance by consumers of our products. 

Our product introductions and product improvements, along with other marketplace initiatives, are designed to capitalize on new customer or consumer trends. The FDA has issued a statement on sodium which referred to an Institute of Medicine statement that too much sodium is a major contributor to high blood pressure. Some of our products contain a moderate amount of sodium per recommended serving, which is based on consumer s preferences for taste. In order to remain successful, we must anticipate and react to these new trends and develop new products or packages to address them. While we devote significant resources to meeting this goal, we may not be successful in developing new products or packages, or our new products or packages may not be accepted by customers or consumers.

Financing Risks 

Global economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Unfavorable economic conditions, including the impact of recessions in the United States and throughout the world, may negatively affect our business and financial results. These economic conditions could negatively impact (i) consumer demand for our products, (ii) the mix of our products sales, (iii) our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis, (iv) the ability of suppliers to provide the materials required in our operations and (v) our ability to obtain financing or to otherwise access the capital markets. The strength of the U.S. dollar versus other world currencies could result in increased competition from imported products and decreased sales to our international customers. A prolonged recession could result in decreased revenue, margins and earnings. Additionally, the economic situation could have an impact on our lenders or customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. The occurrence of any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to manage our working capital and our Revolver is critical to our success. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had a 180.6 million outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility Revolver ). During our second and third fiscal quarters, our operations generally require more cash than is available from operations. In these circumstances, it is necessary to borrow under our Revolver. Our ability to obtain financing in the future through credit facilities will be affected by several factors, including our creditworthiness, our ability to operate in a profitable manner and general market and credit conditions. Significant changes in our business or cash outflows from operations could create a need for additional working capital. An inability to obtain additional working capital on terms reasonably acceptable to us or access the Revolver would materially and adversely affect our operations. Additionally, if we need to use a portion of our cash flows to pay principal and interest on our debt, it will reduce the amount of money we have for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansions, acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities. 

10

Table of Contents 

Failure to comply with the requirements of our debt agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our debt agreements contain financial and other restrictive covenants which, among other things, limit our ability to borrow money, including with respect to the refinancing of existing indebtedness. These provisions may limit our ability to conduct our business, take advantage of business opportunities and respond to changing business, market and economic conditions. In addition, they may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies that may be subject to fewer, if any, restrictions. Failure to comply with the requirements of our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have pledged our accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, certain facilities, capital stock, or other ownership interests that we own in our subsidiaries to secure certain debt. If a default occurred and was not cured, secured lenders could foreclose on this collateral.

Risks Relating to Our Stock 

Our existing shareholders, if acting together, may be able to exert control over matters requiring shareholder approval. 

Holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one-twentieth of a vote per share. In addition, holders of our 10 Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock, Series A, our 10 Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock, Series B and, solely with respect to the election of directors, our 6 Cumulative Voting Preferred Stock, which we refer to as our voting preferred stock, are entitled to one vote per share. As of March 31, 2023, holders of Class B common stock and voting preferred stock held 90.2 of the combined voting power of all shares of capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote. These shareholders, if acting together, would be in a position to control the election of our directors and to effect or prevent certain corporate transactions that require majority or supermajority approval of the combined classes, including mergers and other business combinations. This may result in us taking corporate actions that you may not consider to be in your best interest and may affect the price of our common stock.

As of March 31, 2023, our current executive officers and directors beneficially owned 11.4 of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock, 50.07 of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock and 23.1 of our voting preferred stock, or 37.2 of the combined voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock. This concentration of voting power may inhibit changes in control of the Company and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that discourage corporate takeovers. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and provisions of the New York Business Corporation Law may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. Various provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may inhibit changes in control not approved by our directors and may have the effect of depriving shareholders of any opportunity to receive a premium over the prevailing market price of our common stock in the event of an attempted unsolicited takeover. In addition, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. These provisions include:

a classified board of directors;

a requirement that special meetings of shareholders be called only by our directors or holders of 25 of the voting power of all shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting;

our board of directors has the power to classify and reclassify any of our unissued shares of capital stock into shares of capital stock with such preferences, rights, powers and restrictions as the board of directors may determine;

the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the shares present and entitled to vote is required to amend our bylaws or remove a director; and

under the New York Business Corporation Law, in addition to certain restrictions which may apply to business combinations involving us and an interested shareholder , a plan for our merger or consolidation must be approved by two-thirds of the votes of all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. See Our existing shareholders, if acting together, may be able to exert control over matters requiring shareholder approval. 

We have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past. 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock in the past. In addition, payment of cash dividends on our common stock is not permitted by the terms of our revolving credit facility. This policy may be revisited under the correct circumstances in the future.

11

Table of Contents 

Other Risks 

Tax legislation could impact future cash flows. 

We use the Last-In, First-Out (LIFO) method of inventory accounting. As of March 31, 2023, we had a LIFO reserve of 264.5 million which, at the U.S. corporate tax rate, represents approximately 66.1 million of income taxes, payment of which is delayed to future dates based upon changes in inventory costs. From time-to-time, discussions regarding changes in U.S. tax laws have included the potential of LIFO being repealed. Should LIFO be repealed, the 66.1 million of postponed taxes, plus any future benefit realized prior to the date of repeal, would likely have to be repaid over some period of time. Repayment of these postponed taxes will reduce the amount of cash that we would have available to fund our operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansions, acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities. This could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The tax status of our insurance subsidiary could be challenged resulting in an acceleration of income tax payments. 

In conjunction with our workers compensation program, we operate a wholly owned insurance subsidiary, Dundee Insurance Company, Inc. We recognize this subsidiary as an insurance company for federal income tax purposes with respect to our consolidated federal income tax return. In the event the Internal Revenue Service IRS were to determine that this subsidiary does not qualify as an insurance company, we could be required to make accelerated income tax payments to the IRS that we otherwise would have deferred until future periods.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None

Item 2. Properties 

The following table details the Company s manufacturing plants and warehouses:

(000s)

Square

Food Group 

Footage

Acres

Nampa, Idaho

243 

16 

Payette, Idaho

392 

43 

Princeville, Illinois

288 

568 

Hart, Michigan

365 

83 

Traverse City, Michigan

58 

43 

Blue Earth, Minnesota

286 

429 

Glencoe, Minnesota

674 

913 

LeSueur, Minnesota

82 

497 

Montgomery, Minnesota

564 

1,172 

Rochester, Minnesota

835 

620 

Geneva, New York

769 

593 

Leicester, New York

204 

91 

Dayton, Oregon

82 

19 

Dayton, Washington

250 

29 

Yakima, Washington

122 

8 

Baraboo, Wisconsin

625 

13 

Berlin, Wisconsin

89 

125 

Cambria East, Wisconsin

399 

401 

Cambria West, Wisconsin

212 

321 

Clyman, Wisconsin

438 

724 

Cumberland, Wisconsin

400 

307 

Gillett, Wisconsin

324 

105 

Janesville, Wisconsin

1,234 

342 

Mayville, Wisconsin

239 

354 

Oakfield, Wisconsin

229 

2,135 

Ripon, Wisconsin

634 

87 

Non-Food Group (1) 

Fairport, New York

12 

Penn Yan, New York

27 

4 

Total

10,076 

10,042 

(1) The table does not include facilities in Albany, Oregon and Beverly, Washington that were idle and classified as an asset held for sale on our consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2023. The table also does not include a non-operational facility in Mendota, Illinois.

12

Table of Contents 

The Company believes that these facilities are suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are currently intended. All locations, although highly utilized, have the ability to expand as sales requirements justify. Because of the seasonal production cycles, the exact extent of utilization is difficult to measure.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The information set forth under the heading Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies in Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable.

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Refer to the information in the 2023 Annual Report, attached as Exhibit 13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the section Shareholder Information , which is incorporated by reference.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

On August 10, 2022, the Board approved an amendment to the Company s stock repurchase program which increased the maximum number of shares to be repurchased under the program up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company's Class A and/or Class B Common Stock, including the shares of convertible participating preferred stock of the Company, (collectively, the Common Stock ). Under the repurchase program, the Company may purchase shares of Common Stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Board also authorized the establishment of a stock trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to make purchases of Common Stock pursuant to the stock repurchase program. The timing and amount of stock repurchases under the program, if any, will be at the discretion of management, and will depend on available cash, market conditions and other considerations. Therefore, we cannot assure you as to the number or aggregate dollar amount of shares, if any, that will be repurchased under the repurchase program. We may discontinue the program at any time. 

Total Number of

Average Price 

Shares Purchased

Paid per Share

Maximum Number

Total Number of Shares

(or Approximate Dollar Value) of 

Class A 

Class B 

Class A 

Class B 

Purchased as Part of Publicly 

Shares that May Yet Be Purchased 

Period

Common

Common

Common

Common

Announced Plans or Programs

Under the Plans or Programs

01/01/2023 

01/31/2023 

-

-

02/01/2023 

02/28/2023

-

-

03/01/2023 

03/31/2023 

-

-

Total

- 

- 

- 

- 

550,661

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Refer to the information in the 2023 Annual Report, attached as Exhibit 13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the section Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , which is incorporated by reference.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Refer to the information in the 2023 Annual Report, attached as Exhibit 13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the section Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , which is incorporated by reference.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Refer to the information in the 2023 Annual Report, attached as Exhibit 13 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.

13

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Co-Principal Financial Officers, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of March 31, 2023. Based upon this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Co-Principal Financial Officers concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures: (1) were designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to our Principal Executive Officer and Co-Principal Financial Officers by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report was being prepared, so as to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) were effective, in that they provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, management believes that, as of March 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information 

None.

PART III 

Certain information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on August 9, 2023 Proxy Statement ). The Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year ended March 31, 2023.

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference:

Information Concerning Directors

Executive Officers

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Board Governance

Audit Committee Matters

14

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference:

Compensation Discussion and Analysis

Summary Compensation Table

Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2023

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2023 Fiscal Year-End

Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2023

Pension Benefits

Compensation of Directors

Compensation Committee Interlocks

Pay Versus Performance

CEO Pay Ratio

The information included under the heading Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement is also incorporated herein by reference; however, this information shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2007 Equity Plan was approved by shareholders at the Company s annual meeting on August 10, 2007 and extended on July 28, 2017. The 2007 Equity Plan expires in August 2027 and originally authorized the issuance of up to 100,000 shares of either Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock or a combination of the two classes of stock. During fiscal year 2023, 3,528 shares were awarded under the terms of the 2007 Equity Plan. As of March 31, 2023, there were 44,958 shares available for distribution as part of future awards under the 2007 Equity Plan. No additional shares have been awarded under the 2007 Equity Plan through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There are no equity compensation plans not approved by the Company s shareholders.

The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference:

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners

Security Ownership of Management and Directors

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference:

Independent Directors

Certain Transactions and Relationships

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference:

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 

A.

Exhibits, Financial Statements, and Supplemental Schedule 

1.

Financial Statements the following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant, included in the 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders, are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data :

a.

Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings Years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021

b.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021

15

Table of Contents 

c.

Consolidated Balance Sheets As of March 31, 2023 and 2022

d.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021

e.

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021

f.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021

g.

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 

2. 
			 
			 Supplemental Schedule: 

a.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Schedule

b.

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Other schedules have not been filed because the conditions requiring the filing do not exist or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto.

Exhibit

Number 

Description 

3.1

The Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2010) 

3.2

The Company s Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended July 1, 1995 filed with the SEC on August 18, 1995) 

3.3

Amendment to the Company s Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2007) 

4.1

Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019) 

10.1

Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 24, 2021 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation, Seneca Foods, LLC, Seneca Snack Company, Green Valley Foods, LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, as agent, issuing bank, and syndication agent, and BofA Securities, Inc. as lead arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 26, 2021) 

10.2

First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 14, 2022 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation, Seneca Foods, LLC, Seneca Snack Company, Green Valley Foods, LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, as agent, issuing bank, and syndication agent, and BofA Securities, Inc. as lead arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 1, 2022, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022) 

10.3

Second Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement as of January 20, 2023 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation, Seneca Foods, LLC, Seneca Snack Company, Green Valley Foods, LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation and Farm Credit East, ACA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2023) 

10.4

Amendment 1 to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement as of May 23, 2023 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation, Seneca Foods, LLC, Seneca Snack Company, Green Valley Foods, LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation and Farm Credit East, ACA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 30, 2023 

10.5

Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 26, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2020) 

10.6 

Amended and Restated Seneca Foods Corporation Executive Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022) 

16

Table of Contents 

10.7 

Amended and Restated Seneca Foods Corporation Manager Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022) 

10.8 

2007 Equity Incentive Plan effective August 3, 2007 as extended on July 28, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement dated June 28, 2007) 

10.9 

Seneca Foods Corporation Division Management Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 5, 2020) 

10.10 

Executive Transition Services Agreement dated as of August 31, 2020 between the Company and Kraig H. Kayser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 26, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2020) 

10.11 

Supplemental Retirement Agreement between Seneca Foods Corporation and Kraig H. Kayser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 26, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 4, 2020) 

10.12 

Supplemental Retirement Agreement between Seneca Foods Corporation and Timothy J. Benjamin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 11, 2021) 

13

Portions of Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (filed herewith) 

21

List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 

23.1

Consent of Plante Moran, P.C. (filed herewith) 

31.1

Certification of Paul L. Palmby as Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

31.2

Certification of Michael S. Wolcott as Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

31.3

Certification of Timothy J. Benjamin as former Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

32

Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (filed herewith).

101.1.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Schema Document (filed herewith)

101.2.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith)

101.3.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith)

101.4.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith)

101.5

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith)

104

Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. (filed herewith)

Indicates management or compensatory agreement

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None

17

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

SENECA FOODS CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Michael S. Wolcott 

Michael S. Wolcott

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

June 13, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Paul L. Palmby

President and Chief Executive Officer

June 13, 2023

Paul L. Palmby

Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Michael S. Wolcott

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,

June 13, 2023

Michael S. Wolcott

and Treasurer 

(Co-Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ Timothy J. Benjamin 

Former Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,

June 13, 2023

Timothy J. Benjamin

and Treasurer 

(Co-Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ Gregory R. Ide

Vice President, Controller, 

June 13, 2023

Gregory R. Ide

and Assistant Secretary 

(Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Kraig H. Kayser

Director (Chairman)

June 13, 2023

Kraig H. Kayser

/s/ Kathryn J. Boor

Director

June 13, 2023

Kathryn J. Boor

/s/ Peter R. Call

Director

June 13, 2023

Peter R. Call

/s/ John P. Gaylord 

Director

June 13, 2023

John P. Gaylord

/s/ Linda K. Nelson 

Director

June 13, 2023

Linda K. Nelson 

/s/ Michael R. Nozzolio 

Director

June 13, 2023

Michael R. Nozzolio 

/s/ Donald J. Stuart

Director

June 13, 2023

Donald J. Stuart

/s/ Keith A. Woodward

Director

June 13, 2023

Keith A. Woodward

18

<EX-13>
 2
 ex_527431.htm
 EXHIBIT 13

ex_527431.htm 

Our Business Exhibit 13 
 
 Seneca is a leading provider of packaged fruits and vegetables, with facilities located throughout the United States. Its high quality products are primarily sourced from approximately 1,400 American farms. The Company s product offerings include canned, frozen and bottled produce, and snack chips. Its products are sold under private label as well as national and regional brands that the Company owns or licenses, including Seneca , Libby s , Aunt Nellie s , Cherryman , Green Valley and READ . The Company s fruits and vegetables are sold nationwide by major grocery outlets, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, limited assortment stores, club stores and dollar stores. The Company also sells its products to foodservice distributors, restaurants chains, industrial markets, other food processors, export customers in approximately 60 countries and federal, state and local governments for school and other food programs. Additionally, the Company packs canned and frozen vegetables under contract packing agreements. 
 
 The Company s business strategies are designed to grow its market share and enhance sales and margins. These strategies include: 1) expand the Company s leadership in the packaged fruit and vegetable industry; 2) provide low cost, high quality vegetable products to consumers through the elimination of costs from the Company s supply chain and investment in state-of-the-art production and logistical technology; 3) focus on growth opportunities to capitalize on higher expected returns; and 4) pursue strategic acquisitions that leverage the Company s core competencies. 
 
 All references to years are fiscal years ended March 31 unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 Fluctuations in Commodity, Production, Distribution and Labor Costs 
 
 We purchase raw materials, including raw produce, steel, ingredients and packaging materials from growers, commodity processors, steel producers and packaging suppliers. Raw materials and other input costs, such as labor, fuel, utilities and transportation, are subject to fluctuations in price attributable to a number of factors. Fluctuations in commodity prices can lead to retail price volatility and can influence consumer and trade buying patterns. The cost of raw materials, fuel, labor, distribution and other costs related to our operations can increase from time to time significantly and unexpectedly. 
 
 We continue to experience material cost inflation for many of our raw materials and other input costs attributable to a number of factors, including but not limited to, supply chain disruptions (including raw material shortages), labor shortages, and the war in Ukraine. While we have no direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine, we have experienced increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw materials due in part to the negative impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on the global economy. We attempt to manage cost inflation risks by locking in prices through short-term supply contracts, advance grower purchase agreements, and by implementing cost saving measures. We also attempt to offset rising input costs by raising sales prices to our customers. However, increases in the prices we charge our customers may lag behind rising input costs. Competitive pressures also may limit our ability to quickly raise prices in response to rising costs. To the extent we are unable to avoid or offset any present or future cost increases our operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Results of Operations - Fiscal Year 2023 versus Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 The following discussion is a comparison between fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022 results. For a discussion of the Company s results of operations for the year ended March 31, 2022 compared to the year ended March 31, 2021, please refer to the information under the section Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s 2022 Annual Report, attached as Exhibit 13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, which was filed with the SEC on June 10, 2022. 

1

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Net Sales: 
 
 The following table presents net sales by product category (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year: 

2023 

2022 

Canned vegetables 

1,253,257 

1,135,983 

Frozen vegetables 

121,211 

123,895 

Fruit products 

91,495 

84,708 

Snack products 

12,661 

12,332 

Other 

30,728 

28,362 

1,509,352 

1,385,280 

Net sales for fiscal year 2023 totaled 1,509.4 million as compared to 1,385.3 million for fiscal year 2022. The overall net sales increase of 124.1 million, or 9.0 , was due to higher selling prices contributing favorability of 204.0 million offset by lower sales volumes having an unfavorable impact of 79.9 million to net sales, as compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 
 Net sales of canned vegetables, fruit products, and snack products increased over the prior fiscal year due to higher pricing necessitated by the material cost increases that the Company is experiencing. Volume in each of these product categories is down versus the prior fiscal year partially offsetting a portion of the favorability in net sales generated by increased pricing. Net sales in the frozen vegetable category decreased as compared to the prior fiscal year as increased pricing did not offset volume declines, primarily in the frozen contract packing sales channel. 
 
 Operating Income: 
 
 The following table sets forth the percentages of net sales represented by selected items for fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022 reflected in our consolidated statements of net earnings: 

Fiscal Year: 

2023 

2022 

Gross margin 

9.0 

10.7 

Selling, general, and administrative expense 

5.4 

5.5 

Other operating (income) expense, net 

-0.1 

0.1 

Operating income 

3.5 

5.1 

Loss from equity investment 

0.0 

0.6 

Other non-operating income 

-0.4 

-0.7 

Interest expense, net 

0.9 

0.4 

Income taxes 

0.8 

1.1 

Gross Margin Gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of products sold. As a percentage of net sales, gross margin was 9.0 for fiscal year 2023 as compared to 10.7 for fiscal year 2022. This decrease in gross margin was due primarily to a LIFO charge of 100.0 million in fiscal year 2023 versus a LIFO charge of 35.8 million in fiscal year 2022, a year over year negative impact to gross margin of 64.2 million. Fiscal year 2023 s large LIFO charge was driven by cost inflation for various inputs, including steel, commodities, labor, ingredients, packaging, fuel and transportation. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense Selling, general and administrative expense was 5.4 of net sales in fiscal year 2023 and 5.5 of net sales in fiscal year 2022. The decrease as a percentage of net sales is primarily due to higher sales and the fixed nature of certain expenses. 

2

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Other Operating (Income) Expense, net The Company had net other operating income of 1.7 million in fiscal year 2023, which was driven primarily by gains on the sale of the Company s western trucking fleet and an aircraft, along with a favorable true-up of the supplemental early retirement plan accrual. This other operating income was partially offset by a write down of idle equipment to estimated selling price, less commission, as the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. 
 
 The Company had net other operating expense of 1.2 million in fiscal year 2022, which was driven by charges for supplemental early retirement plans and to maintain non-operating facilities classified as held for sale. These charges were partially offset by a net gain on the sale of assets and a gain from debt forgiveness on an economic development loan. 
 
 Restructuring During fiscal year 2023, the Company incurred restructuring charges of 3.6 million primarily due to ceasing production of green beans at a plant in the Northeast. The charges mainly consisted of severance and write-downs of production equipment that was to be scrapped or sold. The Company did not incur significant restructuring charges during fiscal year 2022. 
 
 Non-Operating Income: 
 
 Loss from Equity Investment During fiscal year 2022, the Company incurred a pre-tax operating loss, including an impairment charge, of 7.8 million in connection with its equity investment that experienced a decline in value deemed other-than-temporary. The Company s equity investment was written down to 0 as of March 31, 2022, and therefore no loss was incurred from equity investment during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net Interest expense as a percentage of net sales was 0.9 for fiscal year 2023 as compared to 0.4 for fiscal year 2022. Interest expense increased from 5.6 million in the prior fiscal year to 14.3 million for fiscal year 2023 as a result of higher interest rates and increased borrowing levels. 
 
 Other Non-Operating Income Expense Other non-operating income totaled 6.8 million and 9.3 million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is comprised of the non-service related pension amounts that are actuarially determined. The amounts can either be income or expense depending on the results of the actuarial calculations. For details of the calculation of these amounts, refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Income Taxes As a result of the aforementioned factors, pre-tax earnings decreased from 66.2 million in fiscal year 2022 to 45.4 million in fiscal year 2023. Income tax expense totaled 12.2 million and 15.2 million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company s effective tax rate was 27.0 and 23.0 in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. In fiscal year 2023, the Company added a valuation allowance against state tax credits because it was determined that it was more likely than not that the credits will not be used prior to expiration. This change, along with other current year increases in the existing valuation allowances, had a 3.4 increase on the fiscal year 2023 effective tax rate. The effective tax rate was further increased by 0.6 due to state rate changes which were mostly caused by changes in the Company s business activities that impact state apportionment. For details of the calculation of the effective tax rate, refer to Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Earnings per Share : 

Fiscal Year: 

2023 

2022 

Basic earnings per common share 

4.23 

5.83 

Diluted earnings per common share: 

4.20 

5.79 

For details of the calculation of these amounts, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources: 
 
 Material Cash Requirements The Company s primary liquidity requirements include debt service, capital expenditures and working capital needs. Liquidity requirements are funded primarily through cash generated from operations and external sources of financing, including the revolving credit facility. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

3

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Summary of Cash Flows The following table presents a summary of the Company s cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year: 

2023 

2022 

Cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(212,796) 

30,152 

Cash used in investing activities 

(64,877) 

(45,187) 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

279,025 

(33,898) 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

1,352 

(48,933) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

10,904 

59,837 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

12,256 

10,904 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities For fiscal year 2023, cash used in operating activities was 212.8 million, which consisted of a use of cash of 286.7 million by operating assets and liabilities partially offset by net earnings of 33.1 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 40.8 million. The non-cash charges were largely driven by 40.9 million of depreciation and amortization. The change in operating assets and liabilities was largely due to inventories being a use of cash driven by the increased size of the fiscal year 2023 harvest in addition to material cost inflation to various production inputs. 
 
 For fiscal year 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 30.2 million, which consisted of net earnings of 51.0 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 50.4 million, partially offset by a use of cash of 71.2 million in operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges were largely driven by 36.5 million of depreciation and amortization. The change in operating assets and liabilities was largely due to inventories being a use of cash driven by a planned effort to raise inventory levels after the increased sales demand stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic significantly reduced inventory levels in the prior year. In addition to planning a larger seasonal pack to replenish depleted inventory, the Company began to experience material input cost inflation during fiscal year 2022, making the seasonal pack more costly to the Company. 
 
 The cash requirements of the business fluctuate significantly throughout the year to coincide with the seasonal growing cycles of vegetables. The majority of the inventories are produced during the packing months, from June through November, and are then sold over the following year. Cash flow from operating activities is one of the Company s main sources of liquidity. 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was 64.9 million for fiscal year 2023 and consisted of cash used for capital expenditures of 70.6 million partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets totaling 5.7 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 45.2 million for fiscal year 2022 and consisted of cash used for capital expenditures of 53.4 million partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets totaling 8.2 million. 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 279.0 million for fiscal year 2023, driven primarily by receiving proceeds from a new term loan of 175 million and an increase in net borrowings on the Company s revolving credit facility of 160.1 million during fiscal year 2023. Cash used to purchase treasury stock of 41.2 million and to make payments on financing leases of 8.8 million partially offset the cash provided by financing activities. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 33.9 million for fiscal year 2022, driven mostly by purchasing treasury stock of 38.8 million and by making payments of 7.9 million on financing leases. The use of cash in financing was partially offset by an increase in net borrowings on the Company s revolving credit facility of 19.5 million. 
 
 Debt - The Company s primary cash requirements are to make payments on the Company s debt, finance seasonal working capital needs and to make capital expenditures. Internally generated funds and amounts available under the revolving credit facility are the Company s primary sources of liquidity, although the Company believes it has the ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional stock, if it desires. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement that provides for a senior revolving credit facility of up to 400.0 million that is seasonally adjusted (the Revolver ). 
 
 Maximum borrowing availability under the Revolver totals 300.0 million from April through July and 400.0 million from August through March. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility, the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. 

4

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The Revolver is secured by substantially all of the Company s accounts receivable and inventories and contains borrowing base requirements as well as a financial covenant, if certain circumstances apply. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes, including seasonal working capital needs, to pay debt principal and interest obligations, and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the fruits and vegetables the Company packages. The majority of vegetable inventories are produced during the months of June through November and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable produce are generally three months but can vary from a few days to seven months. Accordingly, the Company s need to draw on the Revolver may fluctuate significantly throughout the year. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Revolver balance was 180.6 million and 20.5 million, respectively, and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver s March 24, 2026 maturity. 
 
 The following table documents the quantitative data for short-term borrowings on the Revolver during fiscal years 2023 and 2022 (in thousands, except for percentages): 

As of: 

March 31, 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Outstanding borrowings 

180,598 

20,508 

Interest rate 

6.34 

1.71 

Fiscal Year: 

2023 

2022 

Maximum amount of borrowings 

350,828 

58,323 

Average outstanding borrowings 

159,670 

22,357 

Weighted average interest rate 

5.03 

1.37 

Long-Term Debt On May 28, 2020 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East, ACA that provides for a 100.0 million unsecured term loan Term Loan ). The amended and restated agreement has a maturity date of June 1, 2025 and converted the Term Loan to a fixed interest rate rather than a variable interest rate in addition to requiring quarterly principal payments of 1.0 million, which commenced during fiscal year 2021. The Company incurred financing costs totaling 0.2 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt and are amortized over the life of the Term Loan. This agreement contains certain covenants, including maintaining a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. 
 
 On January 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East, ACA (the Amended Agreement ). The Amended Agreement governs two term loans, summarized below: 
 
 Term Loan A-1: The Amended Agreement continues certain aspects of the 100 million term loan described above, namely Term Loan A-1 will continue to bear interest at a fixed interest rate of 3.3012 , mature on June 1, 2025, and remain unsecured. 
 
 Term Loan A-2: The Amended Agreement adds an additional term loan in the amount of 175 million that will mature on January 20, 2028, and is secured by a portion of the Company s property, plant and equipment. Term Loan A-2 bears interest at a variable interest rate based upon the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus an additional margin determined by the Company s leverage ratio. 
 
 The Amended Agreement for Term Loan A-1 and Term Loan A-2 (collectively, the Term Loans contains restrictive covenants usual and customary for loans of its type, in addition to financial covenants including minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth which apply to both term loans described above. In connection with the Amended Agreement, the Company incurred 0.6 million of financing costs which will be deferred and amortized over the life of Term Loan A-2. 

5

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

As of March 31, 2023, scheduled maturities of long-term debt in each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter are presented below. The Revolver balance is presented as being due in fiscal year 2026, based upon the Revolver s March 24, 2026 maturity date (in thousands): 

2024 

10,000 

2025 

10,000 

2026 

267,598 

2027 

6,000 

2028 

149,500 

Thereafter 

216 

Total 

443,314 

The Company believes that its cash flows from operations, availability under its Revolver, and cash and cash equivalents on hand will provide adequate funds for the Company s working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, operating and administrative expenses, and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. 
 
 Restrictive Covenants The Company s debt agreements, including the Revolver and Term Loans, contain customary affirmative and negative covenants that restrict, with specified exceptions, the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends on the Company s capital stock, make other restricted payments, including investments, transfer all or substantially all of the Company s assets, enter into consolidations or mergers, and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Company s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants including a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories and also requires the Company to meet a financial covenant related to a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if (a) an event of default has occurred or (b) availability on the Revolver is less than the greater of (i) 10 of the commitments then in effect and (ii) 25,000,000. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the minimum EBITDA within the Term Loans which for fiscal year 2023 was greater than 75 million in EBITDA. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the first-in, first out (FIFO) method of inventory accounting. The Company has met all such financial covenants as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company's debt agreements limit the payment of dividends and other distributions. There is an annual total distribution limitation of 50,000, less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling 23,000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock. 
 
 Standby Letters of Credit The Company has standby letters of credit for certain insurance-related requirements. The majority of the Company s standby letters of credit are automatically renewed annually, unless the issuer gives cancellation notice in advance. On March 31, 2023, the Company had 2.9 million in outstanding standby letters of credit. These standby letters of credit are supported by the Company s Revolver and reduce borrowings available under the Revolver. 
 
 Obligations and Commitments: 
 
 The Company is party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. These obligations impact the Company s short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. Certain contractual obligations are reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2023, while others are considered future obligations. Our contractual obligations primarily consist of operating leases, purchase obligations and commitments, long-term debt and related interest payments, and income taxes. All of these arrangements require cash payments over varying periods of time. Certain of these arrangements are cancelable on short notice and others require additional payments as part of any early termination. 
 
 See Notes 7 and 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to the Company s long-term debt and operating and financing leases, respectively. 
 
 Purchase obligations and commitments consist of open purchase orders to purchase raw materials, including raw produce, steel, ingredients and packaging materials, as well as commitments for products and services used in the normal course of business. The Company expects that the majority of these purchase obligations and commitments will be settled within one year. 
 
 The Company s contractual obligations related to income taxes are primarily related to unrecognized tax benefits. See Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to income taxes. 

6

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The Company has no off-balance sheet debt or other unrecorded obligations other than purchase commitments noted above. 
 
 Impact of Seasonality on Financial Position and Results of Operations: 
 
 While individual vegetables have seasonal cycles of peak production and sales, the different cycles are somewhat offsetting. Minimal food packaging occurs in the Company's last fiscal quarter ending March 31, which is the optimal time for maintenance, repairs and equipment changes in its packaging plants. The supply of commodities, current pricing, and expected new crop quantity and quality affect the timing and amount of the Company s sales and earnings. When the seasonal harvesting periods of the Company's major vegetables are newly completed, inventories for these packaged vegetables are at their highest levels. For peas, the peak inventory time is mid-summer and for corn and green beans, the Company's highest volume vegetables, the peak inventory is in mid-autumn. The seasonal nature of the Company s production cycle results in inventory and accounts payable reaching their lowest point late in the fourth quarter/early in the first quarter prior to the new seasonal pack commencing. As the seasonal pack progresses, these components of working capital both increase until the pack is complete. 
 
 The Company s revenues typically are highest in the second and third fiscal quarters. This is due, in part, because the Company s fruit and vegetable sales exhibit seasonal increases in the third fiscal quarter due to increased retail demand during the holiday season. In addition, the Company sells canned and frozen vegetables to a co-pack customer on a bill and hold basis at the end of each pack cycle, which typically occurs during these quarters. The following table shows quarterly information for selected financial statements items during fiscal years 2023, and 2022 to illustrate the Company s seasonal business (in thousands): 

First Quarter 

Second Quarter 

Third Quarter 

Fourth Quarter 

Fiscal Year 2023: 

Net sales 

265,193 

439,842 

473,254 

331,063 

Gross margin 

22,843 

41,779 

53,789 

17,485 

Net earnings 

5,103 

16,131 

21,054 

(9,150) 

Revolver outstanding (at quarter end) 

78,965 

229,213 

313,808 

180,598 

Fiscal Year 2022: 

Net sales 

235,042 

372,256 

445,593 

332,389 

Gross margin 

33,623 

42,728 

44,985 

26,596 

Net earnings 

14,136 

11,654 

18,664 

6,553 

Revolver outstanding (at quarter end) 

1,000 

51,679 

33,711 

20,508 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates: 
 
 Revenue Recognition and Trade Promotion Expenses Revenue recognition is completed for most customers at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer. In general, control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms, as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the Company sold certain finished goods inventory for cash on a bill and hold basis. The terms of the bill and hold agreement(s) provide that title to the specified inventory is transferred to the customer(s) prior to shipment and the Company has the right to payment (prior to physical delivery) which results in recorded revenue as determined under the revenue recognition standard. 
 
 Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company s branded products and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs, which are recorded as a reduction of net sales, include amounts paid to encourage retailers to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of the Company s products to consumers, amounts paid to obtain favorable display positions in retail stores, and amounts paid to retailers for shelf space in retail stores. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale of product to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result, the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers for amounts they consider due to them. Final determination of the permissible deductions may take extended periods of time. 

7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Inventories The Company uses the lower of cost, determined under the LIFO (last-in, first-out) method, or market, to value substantially all of its inventories. In a high inflation environment that the Company is experiencing, the Company believes that the LIFO method was preferable over the FIFO (first-in, first-out) method because it better matches the cost of current production to current revenue. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method is made at the end of each fiscal year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. In contrast, interim LIFO calculations are based on management s estimates of expected year-end inventory levels, production pack yields, sales and the expected rate of inflation or deflation for the year. The interim LIFO calculations are subject to adjustment in the final year-end LIFO inventory valuation. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Property, plant, and equipment are depreciated over their assigned lives. The assigned lives and the projected cash flows used to test impairment are subjective. If actual lives are shorter than anticipated or if future cash flows are less than anticipated, a future impairment charge or a loss on disposal of the assets could be incurred. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted value of the cash flows is less than the carrying value. If such is the case, a loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value. 
 
 Income Taxes As part of the income tax provision process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates income taxes. This process involves estimating current tax expenses together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company then assesses the likelihood that any deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and to the extent it is believed the recovery is not likely, a valuation allowance is established. Refer to Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the full tax reconciliation. 
 
 Pension Expense The Company has a defined benefit plan which is subject to certain actuarial assumptions. The funded status of the pension plan is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets and the level of certain market interest rates, employee-related demographic factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality, and the rate of salary increases. Certain assumptions reflect the Company's historical experience and management s best judgment regarding future expectations. The pension plan s funded status increased by 6.4 million during fiscal year 2023 reflecting the actual fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of March 31, 2023. This funded status increase was primarily driven by actuarial gains on the projected benefit obligation, as described in more detail below, partially offset by a combination of growth in the plan s projected benefit obligation due to service cost and interest cost and a negative return on plan assets. 
 
 During fiscal year 2023, the actuarial gain in the pension plan s projected benefit obligation was driven by an increase in discount rates and the annual update in plan census data resulting in demographic gains, partially offset by an assumed salary increase rate for fiscal year 2024 in excess of the long-term rate. During fiscal year 2022, the actuarial gain in the pension plan s projected benefit obligation was primarily driven by an increase in discount rates. The gain was partially offset by actuarial losses due to a combination of data revisions resulting in the demographic losses, a change in near-term assumed salary increases, and an update to the most recently released mortality projection scale by the Society of Actuaries (SOA). Plan assets decreased from 327.9 million as of March 31, 2022 to 294.3 million as of March 31, 2023 primarily due to normal payments of benefits and a negative return on plan assets. 
 
 The pension plan was amended to freeze accruals to new hires and rehires effective January 1, 2020. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the full pension plan disclosures. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures: 
 
 Certain disclosures in this report include non-GAAP financial measures. A non-GAAP financial measure is defined as a numerical measure of our financial performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of net earnings, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows. 

8

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Adjusted net earnings is calculated on a FIFO basis and excludes the impact of the Company s loss on equity investment. The Company believes this non-GAAP financial measure provides for a better comparison of year-over-year operating performance. The Company does not intend for this information to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for other measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Set forth below is a reconciliation of reported net earnings to adjusted net earnings (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year: 

2023 

2022 

Earnings before taxes, as reported 

45,370 

66,231 

LIFO charge 

100,034 

35,821 

Loss on equity investment 

- 

7,775 

Adjusted earnings before taxes 

145,404 

109,827 

Income tax at effective tax rates 

39,259 

25,251 

Adjusted net earnings 

106,145 

84,576 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards: 
 
 Effective April 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which was subsequently amended in November 2018 through ASU No. 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses ASU 2016-13 ). The amended guidance requires entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables, including those that are current with respect to payment terms, along with other financial instruments which may result in earlier recognition of credit losses. The Company evaluated its existing methodology for estimating an allowance for doubtful accounts and the risk profile of its receivables portfolio and developed a model that includes the qualitative and forecasting aspects of the expected loss model under the amended guidance. In determining the Company s reserve for credit losses, receivables are assigned an expected loss based on historical information adjusted for forward-looking economic factors. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides an optional expedient and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The optional guidance can be applied from March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. ASU 2020-04 eases the potential accounting burden associated with the expected discontinuance of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates, which are being replaced by alternative reference rates such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The interest rates associated with the Company s previous borrowings under its senior revolving credit facility (as defined in Note 7, Long-term Debt were tied to LIBOR. Subsequent to the amendment of the senior revolving credit facility agreement on September 14, 2022, the Company s borrowings are tied to SOFR plus a spread adjustment (see Note 7, Long-term Debt ). The adoption of ASU 2020-04 as a result of this amendment did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 There were no other recently issued accounting pronouncements that impacted the Company s consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Company did not adopt any other new accounting pronouncements during fiscal year 2023. 

9

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the amount of interest expense we expect to pay with respect to our Revolver and Term Loan A-2 (collectively, Variable Rate Debt ), which are both tied to the variable market rate SOFR. Interest rates on the remainder of our long-term debt, including Term Loan A-1, are fixed and not subject to interest rate volatility. The Company uses its Variable Rate Debt to finance seasonal working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and to pay debt principal and interest obligations. With 193.6 million in average Variable Rate Debt during fiscal 2023, a hypothetical 1 change in interest rates would have had a 1.9 million effect on interest expense. 
 
 Commodity Risk 
 
 The materials that the Company uses, such as vegetables, fruits, steel, ingredients, and packaging materials, as well as the electricity and natural gas used in the Company s business are commodities that may experience price volatility caused by external factors including market fluctuations, availability, weather, currency fluctuations, and changes in governmental regulations and agricultural programs. These events may result in reduced supplies of these materials, higher supply costs, or interruptions in the Company s production schedules. If prices of these raw materials increase and the Company is not able to effectively pass such price increases along to its customers, operating income will decrease. During fiscal year 2023, the Company purchased 334.1 million of steel and 192.9 million of raw produce, which are the two largest raw material input costs. A hypothetical 1 change in the cost for both steel and raw produce would have impacted product costs by 3.3 million and 1.9 million, respectively, during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 The principal effect of inflation in both commodity and consumer prices on the Company s operating results is to increase costs, both for products sold and SG A expenses. Although the Company may attempt to offset these cost increases by increasing selling prices for its products, consumers may not have the buying power to cover these increased costs and may reduce their volume of purchases of those products. In that event, selling price increases may not be sufficient to completely offset the Company s cost increases. 
 
 The Company does not currently hedge or otherwise use derivative instruments to manage interest rate or commodity risks. 

10

Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings 

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Fiscal Year: 
 2023 2022 2021 
 Net sales 
 
 Costs and expenses: 
 Cost of products sold 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense 
 Other operating (income) expense, net 
 Plant restructuring 
 Total costs and expenses 
 Operating income 
 Other income and expenses: 
 Interest expense, net of interest income of 528 , 63 and 42 , respectively 
 Loss from equity investment 
 Other non-operating (income) expense 
 Earnings before income taxes 
 Income taxes 
 Net earnings 
 
 Earnings per share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

11

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year: 
 2023 2022 2021 
 Comprehensive income: 
 Net earnings 
 Change in pension and postretirement benefits, net of tax expense (benefit) of 1,999 , 2,423) and 19,528 , respectively 
 Total 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

12

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries 

(In thousands) 

As of: 
 March 31, March 31, 
 2023 2022 
 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of 34 and 54 , respectively 
 Inventories 
 Assets held for sale 
 Refundable income taxes 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Right-of-use assets operating, net 
 Right-of-use assets financing, net 
 Pension assets 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Deferred revenue 
 Accrued vacation 
 Accrued payroll 
 Other accrued expenses 
 Income taxes payable 
 Current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 
 Operating lease obligations, less current portion 
 Financing lease obligations, less current portion 
 Deferred income tax liability, net 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies 
 Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Treasury stock, at cost 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Retained earnings 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

13

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year: 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income tax expense 

() 

Gain on the sale of assets 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for restructuring and impairment 

Gain on debt forgiveness 

() 

Loss from equity investment 

401(k) match stock contribution 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities (net of acquisitions): 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other 

() 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Additions to property, plant, and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the sale of assets 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Payments of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Payments on financing leases 

() 

() 

() 

Change in other assets 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Preferred stock dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Noncash transactions: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Right-of-use assets derecognized upon early lease termination 

Property, plant and equipment purchased on account 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

14

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Accumulated 
 Additional Other 
 Preferred Common Paid-In Treasury Comprehensive Retained 
 Stock Stock Capital Stock Loss Earnings 

Balance March 31, 2020 
 Net earnings 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 Equity incentive program 
 Contribution of 401(k) match 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 Preferred stock conversion 
 Change in pension and postretirement benefits adjustment (net of tax 19,528 
 Balance March 31, 2021 
 Net earnings 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 Equity incentive program 
 Contribution of 401(k) match 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 Preferred stock conversion 
 Change in pension and postretirement benefits adjustment (net of tax 2,423 
 Balance March 31, 2022 
 Net earnings 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 Equity incentive program 
 Stock issued for profit sharing plan 
 Contribution of 401(k) match 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 Preferred stock conversion 
 Change in pension and postretirement benefits adjustment (net of tax 1,999 
 Balance March 31, 2023 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

6 Voting 

10 Voting 

2003 Series 

Cumulative 

Cumulative 

Participating 

Participating 

Class A 

Class B 

Callable 

Convertible 

Convertible 

Convertible 

Common 

Common 

Par 0.25 

Par 0.025 

Par 0.025 

Par 0.025 

Par 0.25 

Par 0.25 

Shares authorized and designated: 

March 31, 2023 

20,000,000 

10,000,000 

Shares outstanding: 

March 31, 2021 

March 31, 2022 

March 31, 2023 

Stock amount 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

15

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries

facilities in eight states in support of its main operations. The Company markets private label and branded packaged foods to retailers and institutional food distributors. 

- 
 Buildings and improvements 
 Machinery equipment - 
 Office furniture - 
 Vehicles - 
 Computer software - 

million to reduce the carrying value of the equity method investment to , as the value of the investment was determined to not be recoverable. 

million of unamortized financing costs included in other assets related to the Company s revolving credit facility and million of unamortized financing costs related to its term loans that are included as a contra to long-term debt and current portion of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

and of net sales for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however, the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

million in each of fiscal years 2023 and 2022 and million in fiscal year 2021. 

18

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries

of the Company's fiscal year 2023 net sales. 
 
 Nature of products The Company manufactures and sells the following: 
 
 private label products to retailers, such as supermarkets, mass merchandisers, and specialty retailers, for resale under the retailers own or controlled labels; 
 private label and branded products to the foodservice industry, including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators; 
 branded products under our own proprietary brands, primarily on a national basis to retailers; 
 branded products under co-pack agreements to other major branded companies for their distribution; and 
 products to our industrial customer base for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food manufacturers. 

Disaggregation of revenue In the following table, segment revenue is disaggregated by product category groups (in thousands): 

Frozen vegetables 
 Fruit products 
 Snack products 
 Prepared foods 
 Other 
 Total 

When Performance Obligations Are Satisfied A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account for revenue recognition. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company s primary performance obligation is the production of food products and secondarily case and labeling services and storage services for certain bill and hold sales. 
 
 Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer. In general, control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms, as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time. 
 
 Customer contracts generally do not include more than one performance obligation. When a contract does contain more than one performance obligation, we allocate the contract s transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. The standalone selling price for each distinct good is generally determined by directly observable data. 
 
 The performance obligations in our contracts are generally satisfied within one year. As such, we have not disclosed the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for labeling and storage as of March 31, 2023 which is included in deferred revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Significant Payment Terms Our customer contracts identify the product, quantity, price, payment and final delivery terms. Payment terms usually include early pay discounts. We grant payment terms consistent with industry standards. Although some payment terms may be more extended, no terms beyond one year are granted at contract inception. As a result, we do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component because the period between our transfer of a promised good or service to a customer and the customer s payment for that good or service will be generally 30 days or less. 

Shipping All shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in the cost of sales; this includes shipping and handling costs after control over a product has transferred to a customer. 
 
 Variable Consideration In addition to fixed contract consideration, some contracts include some form of variable consideration. Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company s branded products, and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs, which are recorded as a reduction of sales, include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space, to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result, the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions may take extended periods of time. 
 
 Contract Balances The contract asset balances are million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Refer to Note 6, Assets Held for Sale, for contract liabilities. The Company does not have significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivable balances because of transactions with customers. The Company does have deferred revenue for prepaid case and labeling and storage services which have been collected from bill and hold sales. 
 
 Contract Costs We have identified certain incremental costs to obtain a contract, primarily sales commissions, requiring capitalization under the standard. The Company continues to expense these costs as incurred because the amortization period for the costs would have been one year or less. The Company does not incur significant fulfillment costs requiring capitalization. 

Deduct preferred stock dividends 
 Undistributed earnings 
 Earnings attributable to participating preferred shareholders 
 Earnings attributable to common shareholders 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic earnings per common share 
 Diluted 
 Earnings attributable to common shareholders 
 Add dividends on convertible preferred stock 
 Earnings attributable to common stock on a diluted basis 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic 
 Additional shares to be issued related to the equity compensation plan 
 Additional shares to be issued under full conversion of preferred stock 
 Total shares for diluted 
 Diluted earnings per share 

20

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries

million and million, respectively. In order to state inventories at LIFO, the Company recorded an increase to cost of products sold of million and million for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The inventories by category and the impact of using the LIFO method are shown in the following table (in thousands): 

In process 
 Raw materials and supplies 
 
 Less excess of FIFO cost over LIFO cost 
 Total inventories 

Buildings and improvements 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Office furniture, vehicles and computer software 
 Construction in progress 
 Property, plant and equipment, cost 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense totaled million, million, and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

million and related idle production equipment with a carrying value of million that have met the criteria to be classified as held for sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recorded charges of million and million in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, in order to properly reflect the carrying value of the assets held for sale as equal to the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company has executed sales agreements to sell one of the facilities and the related equipment therein to two unaffiliated buyers. A deposit of million has been received from the buyer of the production equipment and is recorded as a contract liability as of March 31, 2023, as the Company maintains control of the equipment until the sale is finalized. The contract liability is included in other accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as the sale is expected to close and control of the equipment transferred to the buyer within twelve months. 

The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities that were held for sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 

Current assets held for sale 

Term loans 
 Term Loan A-1 
 Outstanding principal 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 Term Loan A-1, net 
 
 Term Loan A-2 
 Outstanding principal 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 Term Loan A-2, net 
 
 Other 
 Total long-term debt 
 Less current portion 
 Long-term debt, less current portion 

Revolving credit facility On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement that provides for a senior revolving credit facility of up to million that is seasonally adjusted (the Revolver ). Maximum borrowing availability under the Revolver totals million from April through July and million from August through March. The Revolver balance as of March 31, 2023 was million and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver s March 24, 2026 maturity. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility, the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by substantially all of the Company s accounts receivable and inventories and contains borrowing base requirements as well as a financial covenant, if certain circumstances apply. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes, including seasonal working capital needs, to pay debt principal and interest obligations, and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables the Company packages. The majority of vegetable inventories are produced during the months of June through November and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable produce are generally three months but can vary from a few days to seven months. Accordingly, the Company s need to draw on the Revolver may fluctuate significantly throughout the year. 

The following table documents the quantitative data for short-term borrowings on the Revolver during fiscal years 2023 and 2022 (in thousands, except for percentages): 

Interest rate 

Average outstanding borrowings 
 Weighted average interest rate 

Term loans On May 28, 2020 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East, ACA that provides for a million unsecured term loan (the Term Loan ). The amended and restated agreement has a maturity date of June 1, 2025 and converted the Term Loan to a fixed interest rate of until maturity rather than a variable interest rate in addition to requiring quarterly principal payments of million, which commenced during fiscal year 2021. This agreement contains certain covenants, including maintaining a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. 
 
 On January 20, 2023, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East, ACA (the Amended Agreement ). The Amended Agreement governs two term loans, summarized below: 
 
 Term Loan A- 1: The Amended Agreement continues certain aspects of the million term loan described above, namely Term Loan A- 1 will continue to bear interest at a fixed interest rate of , mature on June 1, 2025, and remain unsecured. 
 
 Term Loan A- 2: The Amended Agreement adds an additional term loan in the amount of million that will mature on January 20, 2028, and is secured by a portion of the Company s property, plant and equipment. Term Loan A- 2 bears interest at a variable interest rate based upon SOFR plus an additional margin determined by the Company s leverage ratio. 
 
 The Amended Agreement for Term Loan A- 1 and Term Loan A- 2 (collectively, the Term Loans contains restrictive covenants usual and customary for loans of its type, in addition to financial covenants including minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth which apply to both terms loans described above. In connection with the Amended Agreement, the Company incurred million of financing costs which will be deferred and amortized over the life of Term Loan A- 2. 
 
 Covenants other debt matters The Company s debt agreements, including the Revolver and term loan, contain customary affirmative and negative covenants that restrict, with specified exceptions, the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends on the Company s capital stock, make other restricted payments, including investments, transfer all or substantially all of the Company s assets, enter into consolidations or mergers, and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Company s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants including a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories and also requires the Company to meet a financial covenant related to a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if (a) an event of default has occurred or (b) availability on the Revolver is less than the greater of (i) of the commitments then in effect and (ii) . The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the minimum EBITDA within the Term Loan which for fiscal year 2023 was greater than million. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met all such financial covenants as of March 31, 2023. 

The Company's debt agreements limit the payment of dividends and other distributions. There is an annual total distribution limitation of , less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock. The carrying value of assets pledged for secured debt, including the Revolver, is million as of March 31, 2023. Debt repayment requirements for the next five fiscal years are (in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 Finance lease cost 
 Operating lease cost 
 Total lease cost 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Total 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average lease term (years): 
 Financing leases 
 Operating leases 
 Weighted-average discount rate: 
 Financing leases 
 Operating leases 

Undiscounted future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases and financial leases, along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities, respectively, as of March 31, 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029-2033 
 Total minimum payment required 
 Less interest 
 Present value of minimum lease payments 
 Amount due within one year 
 Long-term lease obligation 

State 
 Total 
 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 State 
 Total 
 Total income taxes 

A reconciliation of the expected U.S. statutory rate to the effective rate follows: 

State income taxes (net of federal tax benefit) 
 Federal credits - - - 
 State rate changes 
 State credit expiration 
 Change in valuation allowance - 
 Federal return to accrual - - 
 State return to accrual - 
 Federal net operating loss (NOL) carryback rate difference - 
 Interest received on federal NOL carryback - - 
 Uncertain tax benefits return to accrual - 
 Other - 
 Effective income tax rate 

The Company s effective tax rate was , , and in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. In fiscal year 2023, the Company added a valuation allowance against state tax credits because it was determined that it was more likely than not that the credits will not be used prior to expiration. This change, along with other current year increases in the existing valuation allowances, had a increase on the fiscal year 2023 effective tax rate as compared to fiscal year 2022. The fiscal year 2023 effective tax rate was further increased by versus fiscal year 2022 due to state rate changes which were mostly caused by changes in the Company s business activities that impact state apportionment. 
 
 In fiscal year 2021, the Company was able to carryback the NOL generated in the 2019 tax year at a corporate tax rate to the 2015 tax year at a corporate tax rate. The NOL carryback had a decrease on the fiscal year 2021 rate and without this impact in fiscal year 2022, the tax rate effectively increased by when comparing fiscal year 2022 to 2021. The year over year increase in the effective tax rate was partially offset by a decrease off due to the federal income tax credits having a larger impact on the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2022, amongst other decreases noted in the table above. 
 
 The following is a summary of the significant components of the Company's deferred income tax assets and liabilities (in thousands): 

Inventory valuation 
 Employee benefits 
 Insurance 
 State depreciation basis differences 
 Operating leases 
 Intangibles 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 Interest 
 Prepaid revenue 
 Net operating loss and other tax attribute carryovers 
 Other 
 Total assets 
 Deferred income tax liabilities: 
 Property basis and depreciation difference 
 Inventory valuation 
 Intangibles 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Pension 
 Other 
 Total liabilities 
 Valuation allowance - noncurrent 
 Deferred income tax liability, net 

Net deferred income tax liabilities of million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, are recognized as noncurrent liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company has State tax credit carryforwards amounting to million (California, net of Federal impact), million (New York, net of Federal impact), and million (Wisconsin, net of Federal impact), which are available to reduce future taxes payable in each respective state through 2028 (California), through 2035 (New York), and through 2038 (Wisconsin). The Company has performed the required assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets and as of March 31, 2023, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance amounting to million, which relates primarily to tax credit carryforwards which management has concluded it is more likely than not they will not be realized in the ordinary course of operations. Although realization is not assured, management has concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced if actual future income or income tax rates are lower than estimated or if there are differences in the timing or amount of future reversals of existing taxable or deductible temporary differences. 

Current rules on the accounting for uncertainty on income taxes prescribe a minimum recognition threshold for a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that is required to be met before being recognized in the financial statements. Those rules also provide guidance on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company classifies the liability for uncertain tax positions in other accrued expenses or other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets depending on their expected settlement date. The change in the liability for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 consists of the following (in thousands): 

Tax positions related to current year: 
 Additions 
 Tax positions related to prior years: 
 Additions 
 Reductions 
 Lapses in statues of limitations 
 Ending balance 

The liability balances as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 do not include tax positions that are highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties, the disallowance of these positions would not impact the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash to the tax authority to an earlier period. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the accrued interest and penalties balance and change during the respective fiscal years was not significant associated with unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 Although management believes that an adequate position has been made for uncertain tax positions, there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the net earnings of the Company. Conversely, if resolved favorably in the future, the related provisions would be reduced, thus having a positive impact on net earnings. During fiscal year 2023, the statute of limitations lapsed on one uncertain tax position, which results in the position no longer being uncertain. As a result of this lapse and in accordance with its accounting policies, the Company recorded an insignificant decrease to the liability and tax expense. 
 
 The federal income tax returns for fiscal years after 2015 are open because the Company claimed refunds on taxable income for fiscal years 2017 and 2016. These years will remain open until fiscal years 2018 and 2020, which were taxable loss years, are closed however the exposure is limited to the refund amounts for each fiscal year. Fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020 are currently under audit with the Internal Revenue Service. 

28

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries

contributions were required to meet legal funding requirements. 
 
 The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the Plan s benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets over the two -year period ended March 31, 2023 and a statement of the funded status as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Actuarial gain 
 Benefit payments and expenses 
 Benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 Change in plan assets 
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 Benefit payments and expenses 
 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 
 Funded status 

The Plan s funded status increased by million during fiscal year 2023 reflecting the actual fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of March 31, 2023. This funded status increase was primarily driven by actuarial gains on the projected benefit obligation, as described in more detail below, partially offset by a combination of growth in the Plan s projected benefit obligation due to service cost and interest cost and a negative return on plan assets. 
 
 During fiscal year 2023, the actuarial gain in the pension plan s projected benefit obligation was driven by an increase in discount rates and the annual update in plan census data resulting in demographic gains, partially offset by an assumed salary increase rate for fiscal year 2024 in excess of the long-term rate. During fiscal year 2022, the actuarial gain in the pension plan s projected benefit obligation was primarily driven by an increase in discount rates. The gain was partially offset by actuarial losses due to a combination of data revisions resulting in the demographic losses, a change in near-term assumed salary increases, and an update to the most recently released mortality projection scale by the Society of Actuaries (SOA). Plan assets decreased from million as of March 31,2022 to million as of March 31, 2023 primarily due to normal payments of benefits and a negative return on plan assets. 
 
 The following table provides the components of the Plan s accumulated other comprehensive loss, pre-tax (in thousands): 
 Net loss 
 Accumulated other comprehensive pre-tax loss 

The following table provides the components of net periodic benefit cost for the Plan for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands): 

Interest cost 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Amortization of net loss 
 Prior service cost 
 Net periodic benefit cost 

The Company utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of net periodic benefit cost components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. 
 
 Prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active participants. Gains and losses in excess of 10 of the greater of the benefit obligation and the market-related value of assets are amortized over the average remaining service period of active participants. 
 
 The assumptions used to measure the Company s benefit obligation and pension expense are shown in the following table: 

Rate of compensation increase 
 Mortality table Pri-2012 Blue Collar Generational Table Improvement Scale MP-2021 Pri-2012 Blue Collar Generational Table Improvement Scale MP-2021 Pri-2012 Blue Collar Generational Table Improvement Scale MP-2020 
 
 Weighted Average Assumptions for Benefit Cost at Beginning of Year: 
 
 Discount rate - benefit obligations 
 Discount rate - interest cost 
 Discount rate - service cost 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase 

Plan Assets 
 
 Investment Policy and Strategy - The Company maintains an investment policy that utilizes a liability-driven investments approach to reduce the ongoing volatility of the Plan s funded status. During fiscal year 2023, the Company updated its current target allocation to be allocated to a diversified mix of return-seeking investments including equities and alternative investments and allocated to liability-hedging fixed income investments. 

The Company's plan assets consist of the following: 

Debt securities 
 Real estate 
 Cash 
 Other 
 Total 

The following tables set forth the Company s plan assets at fair value, by level within the fair value hierarchy (as defined in Note 1 ), as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, (in thousands): 

Held in common/collective trusts 
 Equity securities 
 Real estate 
 Debt securities 
 Cash/short-term investments (2) 
 Other investments 
 Fair value of plan assets 

Held in common/collective trusts 
 Equity securities 
 Real estate 
 Debt securities 
 Cash/short-term investments (2) 
 Other investments 
 Fair value of plan assets 

1 Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy but are included to reconcile to the amounts presented in our Obligations and Funded Status table. 

2 The cash/short term investments consist of a money market fund that holds individual, high quality, short duration fixed income investments, however the fund does not trade on public markets. The Company elected to consistently apply the practical expedient to all investments within common/collective trusts, and therefore, the fair value of this fund is measured at net asset value per share. 

Expected Return on Plan Assets 
 
 For fiscal year 2023, the expected long-term rate of return on Plan assets was . For fiscal year 2024, the Company will increase the expected long-term rate of return on Plan assets to . The Company expected and to fall within the 35 to 65 percentile range of returns on investment portfolios with asset diversification similar to that of the Plan's target asset allocation for fiscal years 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Expected contributions for fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 (in thousands): 
 
 - 
 Expected Employee Contributions - 

Estimated future benefit payments reflecting expected future service for the fiscal years ending March 31 in thousands): 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 - 2033 

401 (k) Plans 
 
 The Company also has employees savings 401 (k) plans covering all employees who meet certain age-entry requirements and work a stated minimum number of hours per year. Participants may make contributions up to the legal limit. The Company s matching contributions are discretionary. Costs charged to operations for the Company s matching contributions amounted to million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. In each of the aforementioned fiscal years, the matching contribution was entirely treasury stock. This stock portion of the matching contribution is valued at current market value while the treasury stock is valued at cost. 
 
 Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 The Company sponsors an unfunded nonqualified deferred compensation plan to permit certain eligible employees to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation to a future date. This plan was designed to compensate the plan participants for any loss of company contributions under the 401 (k) plans. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has accrued million and million, respectively, in connection with the unfunded deferred compensation plan. 

shares of Six Percent Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value 6 Preferred ); shares of Preferred Stock Without Par Value to be issued in series by the Board of Directors, none of which are currently designated or outstanding; and shares of Preferred Stock with par value, Class A, to be issued in series by the Board of Directors Class A Preferred ). The Board of Directors has designated four series of Class A Preferred including Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series A Series A Preferred ); Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock Series B Series B Preferred ); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, Series 2003. 

The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, Series 2003 are convertible at the holders option on a one -for- one basis into shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to antidilution adjustments. These series of preferred stock have the right to receive dividends and distributions at a rate equal to the amount of any dividends and distributions declared or made on the Class A Common Stock. dividends were declared or paid on this preferred stock in fiscal year 2023 or 2022. In addition, these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion, shares of these series of preferred stock become authorized but unissued shares of Class A Preferred and may be reissued as part of another series of Class A Preferred. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has an aggregate of shares of non-designated Class A Preferred authorized for issuance. 
 
 The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of per share and a stated value of per share. There were shares outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and conversions during the fiscal year. The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, Series 2003 was issued as partial consideration of the purchase price in the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition. The shares issued in that 2003 acquisition were valued at per share which represented the then market value of the Class A Common Stock into which the preferred shares were immediately convertible. This series has a liquidation preference of per share and has shares outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 There are shares of Series A Preferred outstanding as of March 31, 2023 which are convertible into one share of Class A Common Stock and one share of Class B Common stock for every shares of Series A Preferred. There are shares of Series B Preferred outstanding as of March 31, 2023 which are convertible into one share of Class A Common Stock and one share of Class B Common Stock for every shares of Series B preferred. There are shares of Preferred outstanding as of March 31, 2023 which are callable at their par value at any time at the option of the Company. The Company paid dividends of on the Series A and Series B Preferred and on the Preferred during each of fiscal year 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Common Stock The Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock have substantially identical rights with respect to any dividends or distributions of cash or property declared on shares of common stock, and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However, holders of Class B Common Stock retain a full vote per share, whereas the holders of Class A Common Stock have voting rights of 1/20th of one vote per share on all matters as to which shareholders of the Company are entitled to vote. During fiscal year 2023, there were shares of Class B Common Stock issued in lieu of cash compensation under the Company's Profit Sharing Bonus Plan. 
 
 Unissued shares of common stock reserved for conversion privileges of designated non-participating preferred stock were of both Class A and Class B as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. Additionally, there were and 32,756 shares of Class A reserved for conversion of the Participating Preferred Stock as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Treasury Stock During fiscal year 2023 the Company repurchased million, or shares of its Class A Common Stock and none of its Class B Common Stock. As of March 31, 2023, there is a total of million, or shares, of repurchased stock. These shares are not considered outstanding. The Company contributed million or treasury shares for the 401 (k) match in fiscal year 2023 as described in Note 10, Retirement Plans. 

The carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Company's long-term debt are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

The estimated fair value for long-term debt is determined by the quoted market prices for similar debt (comparable to the Company s financial strength) or current rates offered to the Company for debt with the same maturities which is Level 2 from the fair value hierarchy. Since quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets are not available (Level 1 ), the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value, which is Level 2. 

34

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries

million in fiscal year 2023, which was driven primarily by gains on the sale of the Company s western trucking fleet and an aircraft, along with a favorable true-up of the supplemental early retirement plan accrual. This other operating income was partially offset by a write down of idle equipment to estimated selling price, less commission, as the assets met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. 
 
 The Company had net other operating expense of million in fiscal year 2022, which was driven by charges for supplemental early retirement plans and to maintain non-operating facilities classified as held for sale. These charges were partially offset by a net gain on the sale of assets and a gain from debt forgiveness on an economic development loan. 
 
 The Company had net other operating income of million in fiscal year 2021, which was primarily comprised of a net gain on the sale of assets, due largely to the gain realized upon the divestiture of the Company s prepared foods business. The gain was partially offset by charges to maintain non-operational plants acquired in the Midwest, a charge for a supplemental early retirement plan, and a charge for severance. 

, and 7.2 of total sales in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes certain financial data for the Company s reportable segments (in thousands): 

Operating income 
 Capital expenditures 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Fiscal Year 2022: 
 Net sales 
 Operating income 
 Capital expenditures 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Fiscal Year 2021: 
 Net sales 
 Operating income 
 Capital expenditures 
 Depreciation and amortization 

After the sale of the prepared foods business in fiscal year 2021, over of the Company s total assets from the Consolidated Balance Sheets belong to the fruit and vegetable segment and this information is no longer necessary. 

35

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries

Charge to expense 
 Cash payments/write offs 
 Balance March 31, 2021 
 Charge to expense 
 Cash payments/write offs 
 Balance March 31, 2022 
 Charge to expense 
 Cash payments/write offs 
 Balance March 31, 2023 

During fiscal year 2023, the Company incurred restructuring charges primarily due to ceasing production of green beans at a plant in the Northeast. The charges mainly consisted of severance and write-downs of production equipment that was to be scrapped or sold. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred restructuring charges primarily related to plants that were closed in previous periods, including severance, health care costs, and lease impairments, amongst other minor changes. 

million, million, and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, pursuant to a raw vegetable grower contract. The Chairman of the Audit Committee reviewed the relationship and determined that the contract was negotiated at arm's length and on no more favorable terms than to other growers in the marketplace. 
 
 The Company made charitable contributions to the Seneca Foods Foundation, a related party, in the amount of million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Foundation is a nonprofit entity that supports charitable activities by making grants to unrelated organizations or institutions and is managed by current employees of the Company. 
 
 During fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded a liability for retirement arrangements to beneficiaries of certain former employees of the Company that have family relationships to two of the Company s current Directors. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the liability for these benefits totaled million and million, respectively. Payments are made monthly over the beneficiary s lifetime. 

36

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries

million to be combined with the existing million Term Loan A- 2 into one single million term loan Amended Term Loan A- 2 ). Amended Loan Term A- 2 is secured by a portion of the Company s property, plant and equipment and bears interest at a variable interest rate based upon SOFR plus an additional margin determined by the Company s leverage ratio. 

37

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Seneca Foods Corporation. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Seneca Foods Corporation (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of consolidated net earnings, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our report dated June 13, 2023, expresses an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Inventory Refer to Notes 1 and 4 in the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 At March 31, 2023, the Company s inventory was 708.8 million. As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounts for substantially all its inventory at the lower of cost, determined using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method, or market. As permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the Company maintains its inventory costs and cost of goods sold on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis and adjusts total inventory and cost of goods sold from FIFO to LIFO at the end of each year. The Company values its inventory under the LIFO method based on the inventory levels and the prevailing inventory costs existing at that time. 

38

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We identified valuation of inventory as a critical audit matter because of the significant assumptions, manual calculations, and judgements in the LIFO reserve. Auditing management s calculation was complex and required a high degree of auditor judgement and subjectivity when performing audit procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s LIFO reserve included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s calculation of the adjustments to convert FIFO inventory balances to LIFO, including controls over management s review of the manual calculations described above. 
 
 Tested the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the underlying data used in management s calculation to adjust the FIFO inventory balances to LIFO. 
 
 Tested the calculations and application of management s methodologies related to the valuation estimates of the LIFO reserve. 
 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s manual calculation. 

/s/ Plante Moran, P.C. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 Southfield, Michigan 
 June 13, 2023 

39

(a) 
 Income tax valuation allowance 
 
 Year-ended March 31, 2022: 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts (a) 
 Income tax valuation allowance 
 
 Year-ended March 31, 2021: 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts (1,304) (45) (a) 
 Income tax valuation allowance 

(a) Accounts written off, net of recoveries. 

40

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders Seneca Foods Corporation Fairport, New York 
 
 The audit referred to in our report dated June 13, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Seneca Foods Corporation, which is incorporated in Item 8 of Form 10-K by reference to the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 also included the audit of the consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index. This consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this consolidated financial statement schedule based on our audit. 
 
 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 June 13, 2023 

41

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, management believes that, as of March 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accountant has issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Their report appears on the next page. 

42

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Seneca Foods Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 of Seneca Foods Corporation (the Company ), based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO framework ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the COSO framework. 
 
 We also have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of net earnings, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ), in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our report dated June 13, 2023, expresses an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Plante Moran, P.C. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 Southfield, Michigan 
 June 13, 2023 

43

Shareholder Information 
 
 Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries 

The Company s common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. The 5.9 million Class A outstanding shares and 1.7 million Class B outstanding shares are owned by 122 and 125 shareholders of record, as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, the most restrictive credit agreement limitation on the Company s payment of dividends, to holders of Class A or Class B Common Stock is an annual total limitation of 50,000, reduced by aggregate annual dividend payments totaling 23,000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock. Payment of dividends to common stockholders is made at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and depends, among other factors, on earnings, capital requirements, and the operating and financial condition of the Company. The Company has not declared or paid a common dividend in many years. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s Class A Common Stock (SENEA) for the last five fiscal years ended March 31 with (1) the cumulative return on the S P SmallCap 600 and (2) the cumulative return on the S P Packaged Foods Meats Index for this same time period. The graph assumes the investment of 100 on March 31, 2018 and reinvestment of all dividends. The common stock price performance shown on the graph only reflects the change in the Company s SENEA price relative to the noted indices and is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2023 

Seneca Foods Corporation 

100.00 

88.81 

143.61 

170.00 

186.06 

188.70 

S P SmallCap 600 

100.00 

101.57 

75.27 

147.02 

148.83 

135.71 

S P Packaged Foods and Meats Index 

100.00 

102.34 

102.55 

127.19 

140.23 

154.10 

44

Corporate Information 
 
 Seneca Foods Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Directors 

Kraig H. Kayser, Chairman 
 John P. Gaylord 
 Paul L. Palmby 

Former President and Chief Executive Officer 
 President 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Seneca Foods Corporation 
 Jacintoport Terminal Company 
 Seneca Foods Corporation 

Kathryn J. Boor, Ph.D. 
 Linda K. Nelson 
 Donald J. Stuart 

Dean of the Graduate School and Vice Provost 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 
 Managing Partner/Founder 

for Graduate Education at Cornell University 
 Birds Eye Foods 
 Cadent Consulting Group 

Peter R. Call 
 Michael F. Nozzolio 
 Keith A. Woodward 

President 
 Counsel 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 

My-T Acres, Inc. 
 Harris Beach PLLC 
 Tennant Company 

Executive Officers 

Paul L. Palmby, President 
 Timothy R. Nelson, Senior Vice President 

Chief Executive Officer 
 Operations 

Dean E. Erstad, Senior Vice President 
 Michael S. Wolcott, Senior Vice President 

Sales and Marketing 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Officers 

Carl A. Cichetti, Senior Vice President 
 Aaron M. Girard, Senior Vice President 

Technology and Planning, Chief Information Officer 
 Logistics 

John D. Exner, General Counsel 
 Matt J. Henschler, Senior Vice President 

Secretary 
 Technical Services and Development 

Cynthia L. Fohrd, Senior Vice President 
 Gregory R. Ide, Vice President 

Chief Administrative Officer 
 Corporate Controller and Assistant Secretary 

Operations 

Jon A. Brekken, Vice President 
 Leon Lindsay, Vice President 
 James Quinlan, Vice President 

Western Vegetable Operations 
 Strategic Sourcing 
 Can Manufacturing 

Amiee Jo Castleberry, Vice President 
 Eric E. Martin, Vice President 
 Mary Sagona, Vice President 

Human Resources 
 Eastern Vegetable Operations 
 Accounting 

Paul Hendrickson, Vice President 
 Beth Newell, General Manager 
 Benjamin M. Scherwitz, Vice President 

Process Excellence 
 Seneca Snack 
 Technical Services 

Steven F. Lammers, Vice President 
 Timothy Nolan, Vice President 
 Richard L. Waldorf, Vice President 

Technical Services 
 Information Technology 
 Customer Service 

Richard Leppert, General Manager 

Seneca Flight 

Sales and Marketing Groups 

Carl B. Bowling, Vice President 
 Kevin F. Lipps, Vice President 
 Beau P. Simonson, Vice President 

Branded Sales 
 International Sales 
 Foodservice Dry Grocery 

David Carter, Vice President 
 Victoria A. Ninneman, Vice President 
 Courtney Schulis, Vice President 

Marketing and National Accounts 
 Industrial and Ingredient Sales 
 Glace Sales 

George E. Hopkins, III, Vice President 
 Stephen J. Ott, Vice President 
 Aaron L. Wadell, Vice President 

Private Label Retail 
 Frozen Sales and Chain Accounts 
 E-Business 

45

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex_527821.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_527821.htm 

Exhibit 21 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The following is a listing of significant subsidiaries 100 owned by Seneca Foods Corporation, directly or indirectly: 

Name 

State 

Dundee Insurance Company, Inc. 

Utah 

Gray Company 

Oregon 

Green Valley Foods LLC 

Delaware 

Marion Foods, Inc. 

			 Portland Food Products Company 

New York 
			Oregon 

Seneca Foods, LLC 

Delaware 

Seneca Snack Company 

Washington 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex_527822.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_527822.htm 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-12365, 333-145916 and 333-166846) on Form S-8 of Seneca Foods Corporation with respect to our reports dated June 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Seneca Foods Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated June 13, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Plante Moran, P.C. 

June 13, 2023 

 Southfield, Michigan 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_527823.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_527823.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Paul L. Palmby, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Seneca Foods Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Paul L. Palmby 

Paul L. Palmby 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

June 13, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_527824.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_527824.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael S. Wolcott, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Seneca Foods Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Michael S. Wolcott 

Michael S. Wolcott 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

			 and Treasurer 

			 (Co-Principal Financial Officer) 

June 13, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 ex_527825.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

ex_527825.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.3 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Timothy J. Benjamin, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Seneca Foods Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Timothy J. Benjamin 

Timothy J. Benjamin 

Former Senior Vice President, Chief Financial 

			 Officer and Treasurer 

(Co-Principal Financial Officer) 

June 13, 2023 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32>
 8
 ex_527858.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

ex_527858.htm 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18. U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Seneca Foods Corporation (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), we, Paul L. Palmby, President, Chief Executive Officer, Michael S. Wolcott, Chief Financial Officer, and Timothy J. Benjamin, former Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

By: 

/s/ Paul L. Palmby 

Paul L. Palmby 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

June 13, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Michael S. Wolcott 

Michael S. Wolcott 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

			 and Treasurer 

June 13, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Timothy J. Benjamin 

Timothy J. Benjamin 

Former Senior Vice President, Chief Financial 

			 Officer and Treasurer 

June 13, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 senea-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 senea-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 senea-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 senea-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 senea-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

