<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230406_10-K_edgar_data_1603480_0000950170-23-012037.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21077759</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>332973</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1592615</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11463090</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2151765</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5053695</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-012037.hdr.sgml : 20230406
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230406135115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-012037
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230406
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230406

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TCW Direct Lending LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001603480
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01069
		FILM NUMBER:		23805450

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CLARENDON STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213-244-0000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		865 SOUTH FIGUEROA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TCW Investment Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140324

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-012037.txt : 20230406

10-K
 1
 ck0001603480-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 in 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 
 Not applicable 
 Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report. 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 Not applicable 
 Not applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Limited Liability Company Units 
 (Title of Class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 As of December 31, 2022 , there was established public market for the Registrant s common units. 
 The number of the Registrant s common units outstanding at April 6, 2023 was . 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Auditor Firm Id:	 	Auditor Name: 	 	Auditor Location:	 

TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 

INDEX 
 PAGE NO. 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 29 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 30 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk 
 43 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Unitholder Matters 
 45 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, would, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements including, without limitation: 
 an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

a contraction of available credit could impair our ability to obtain leverage; 

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly if we elect to use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their financial and other business objectives; 

competition with other entities and our affiliates for investment opportunities; 

the impact of changing market conditions and lending standards on our ability to compete with other industry participants, including other business development companies, private and public funds, individual and institutional investors, and financial institutions for investment opportunities; 

the social, geopolitical, financial, trade and legal implications of the trade and cooperation agreement arising from Brexit, as well as future agreements between the United Kingdom and various countries in the European Union; 

pandemics or other serious public health events; 

an inability to replicate the historical success of any previously launched fund managed by the private credit team of our investment adviser, TCW Asset Management Company LLC (the Adviser , also the Administrator ); 

the speculative and illiquid nature of our investments; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the costs associated with being an entity registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ); 

uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Russia, Ukraine and China; 

the loss of key personnel of the Adviser; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the TCW Group, Inc. to attract and retain highly talented professionals that can provide services to the Adviser and Administrator; 

ii 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act and the related tax implications; 

the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; and 

the other risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify under Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, some of those assumptions are based on the work of third parties and any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate; as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could prove to be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or any other information contained herein, except as required by applicable law. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the 1934 Act ), which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements, do not apply to the forward-looking statements in this report because we are an investment company. 
 
 iii 

P ART I 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated, the terms: 
 TCW Direct Lending LLC refers to TCW Direct Lending LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 The Adviser refers to TCW Asset Management Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 For simplicity, this report uses the terms Company, we, us, and our to include TCW Direct Lending LLC and where appropriate in the context, its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 It em 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 We are a direct lending investment company that seeks to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns primarily through direct investments in senior secured loans to middle market companies or other issuers. We are managed by the private credit team (the Private Credit Team fka the Direct Lending Team of the Adviser, a group of investment professionals that will use the same investment strategy employed by the Private Credit Team over the past 22 years. 
 We are primarily focused on investing in senior secured debt obligations, although there may be occasions where the investment may be unsecured. We may also consider an equity investment as the primary security, in combination with a debt obligation, or as part of a total return strategy. Our investments are in corporations, partnerships or other business entities. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we may co-invest with other investors and/or strategic partners through indirect investments in portfolio companies through a joint venture vehicle, partnership or other special purpose vehicle (each, an Investment Vehicle ). While we invest primarily in U.S. companies, there are certain instances where we invested in companies domiciled elsewhere. 
 The issuers in which we invest are typically highly leveraged, and, in most cases, these investments are not rated by any rating agency. If these investments were rated, we believe that they would likely receive a rating from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization of below investment grade, which is often referred to as junk. Exposure to below investment grade securities involves certain risks, and those securities are viewed as speculative with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 We were formed on April 1, 2014 as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware. Investment operations commenced on September 19, 2014 (the Initial Closing Date when we issued limited liability company units (the Common Units to persons not affiliated with the Adviser. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We have also elected to be treated for U.S. Federal income tax purposes as a regulated investment company (a RIC under Subchapter M of the U.S Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for the taxable year ending December 31, 2015 and subsequent years. We are required to continue to meet the minimum distribution and other requirements for RIC qualification. 
 Because we are a RIC under the Code, our portfolio is subject to diversification and other requirements. As such, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest. In addition to those diversification requirements, we will not invest more than 10 of investors aggregate capital commitments to us through the Common Units (the Commitments in any single portfolio company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have two wholly-owned subsidiaries - TCW DL VI Funding I, LLC and TCW DL CTH, LLC each a Delaware limited liability company and each designed to hold an equity investment of ours. 
 1 

We borrow money from time to time, but as a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which will include all of our borrowings and any preferred units (the Preferred Units that we may issue in the future, of at least 200 . In determining whether to borrow money, we will analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. The use of borrowed funds or the proceeds of Preferred Units issued by the Company to make investments would have its own specific set of benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing funds or issuing preferred stock would be borne by the holders of the Common Units (each, a Common Unitholder and together with holders of the Preferred Units the Unitholders or Members ). See Item 1A. Risk Factors Borrowing Money. 
 The Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by the Adviser, which is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, the Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory and management services to us pursuant to the investment advisory and management agreement (the Advisory Agreement by and between the Adviser and us. 
 The Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act, and has been since 1970. The Adviser is a wholly owned subsidiary of The TCW Group, Inc. (the TCW Group ); and together with its affiliated companies TCW manages or has committed to manage approximately 205 billion of assets as of December 31, 2022. Such assets are managed in various formats, including managed accounts, funds, structured products and other investment vehicles, including Regiment Capital Special Situations Fund V, L.P. (together with us and its four predecessor funds, the Direct Lending Funds ). 
 The Adviser is responsible for sourcing investment opportunities, conducting industry research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments and monitoring our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 Our assets are managed by the Adviser s Private Credit Team. The Private Credit Team joined the TCW Group in December 2012. The Private Credit Team was previously with Regiment Capital Advisors, LP, an independent investment manager based in Boston, Massachusetts. TCW Direct Lending LLC is the Private Credit Team s sixth fund. The Private Credit Team is led by Richard Miller and currently includes a group of dedicated investment professionals who have substantial investing, corporate finance, and merger and acquisition expertise and also significant experience in leveraged transactions, high yield financings and restructurings. 
 Investment Strategy and Opportunity 
 We provide private capital to middle market companies operating in a broad range of industries primarily in the United States. As our investment period has ended, we will not originate new loans, but may increase credit facilities to existing borrowers or affiliates. Our highly negotiated, private investments include senior secured loans, unsecured senior loans, subordinated and mezzanine loans, convertible securities, equity securities, and equity-linked securities such as options and warrants. However, historically, our investment bias was towards adjustable-rate, senior secured loans. We do not anticipate a secondary market developing for our private investments. We compensate for the inherent lack of liquidity in our private investments by seeking returns that are higher than those of similar, but more liquid, investments. We consider financings for many different purposes, including corporate acquisitions, growth opportunities, liquidity needs, rescue situations, recapitalizations, DIP loans, bridge loans and Chapter 11 exits. As a result, we may invest in companies that are experiencing, or are likely to experience, operational, capital structure, liquidity and/or other financial difficulties. These investments can be subject to greater credit and liquidity risks, and could be more prone to default. 
 Investment Strategy 
 The Private Credit Team applies its investment philosophy, strategy and approach to the management of the portfolio. The conditions of the economy or capital markets will not be used as an absolute indicator of the relative 
 2 

attractiveness of an investment opportunity considered. Rather, the investment must provide for adequate return relative to the risk assumed, regardless of the economic or capital market environment. 
 We pursue our investment objectives by adhering to a proactive strategy of exerting influence throughout each stage of the investment process from origination to exit. The tactics utilized in this strategy are paramount to our success and include selective origination, rigorous due diligence, customized structuring and active monitoring of the investment portfolio. 
 Selective Origination 
 The Private Credit Team has a long-term presence in the private capital markets and, as a result, has developed an extensive network of strategic relationships. These relationships include capital market intermediaries such as broker-dealers, investment bankers, commercial bankers, private equity sponsors, mergers and acquisitions advisers, restructuring professionals, accountants and other financial professionals through whom the Adviser believes we will be able to source investment opportunities. The Private Credit Team s network also extends to the corporate community and includes senior management teams, independent industry consultants and other business executives who often refer opportunities to the members of the Private Credit Team and who the Adviser believes will continue to refer opportunities to us. We may also have the opportunity to invest in companies and with management teams that worked with previous private investment funds managed by the Adviser or the Private Credit Team or its other investment professionals. 
 A key to our investment strategy is to invest primarily in directly originated investment opportunities, as opposed to opportunities developed by financial intermediaries and then marketed widely to potential capital providers, which will rarely have economics, terms or conditions that will be acceptable to us. We originated investment opportunities by independently developing such opportunities or by selectively identifying marketed and referred deals that can be significantly modified to meet our investment criteria. Originating transactions on a selective basis generally allowed us to customize terms that are consistent with our investment profile and exert greater influence throughout the life of the investment. 
 In certain instances, we partnered with other providers of capital, including strategic, financial, managerial or other related parties. Forging successful relationships with other investors may present us with additional opportunities, facilitate the closing of transactions or reduce risks. 
 Due Diligence 
 Given the Adviser s approach to selectively originating transactions, its investment professionals will typically be in a position to be directly involved with each step of the investment process, beginning with due diligence. The Adviser s investment philosophy is to perform a rigorous due diligence investigation designed to better understand a potential portfolio company s risks and opportunities. This investigation will typically include comprehensive quantitative and qualitative analyses to identify and address risks. 
 The elements of the quantitative analysis may include: 
 Examination of financial statements such as income statements, balance sheets and cash flow reports as well as margin trends, financial ratios and other applicable performance metrics; 

Review of financial projections and the impact of certain variables on a portfolio company s performance and ability to service its obligations; 

Analysis of capital required for operations including growth and maintenance capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and any acquisition or divestiture opportunities; 

Comparable analysis relative to companies and transactions in similar industries; 

Valuations reflecting a range of enterprise and asset values considering the sale of a healthy, stressed and distressed business enterprise, and the appraisal of working capital, real property, machinery, equipment, intellectual property and trademarks under similar circumstances; and 

3 

Identification of exit alternatives including repayment through free cash flow, acquisitions by strategic and financial buyers of all or portions of a business enterprise, asset liquidation, refinancing through the capital markets, and bankruptcy, including its impact on the portfolio company and the fund s investment. 

Qualitative analysis may include a review of: 
 Quality and depth of the management team, including background checks; 

Product and/or service quality; 

Industry fundamentals, including raw material costs, pricing trends and demand drivers; 

Competitive position, including discussions with suppliers, customers, and competitors; 

Performance throughout the economic cycle; 

Production cost drivers and sourcing alternatives; 

Quality of information systems and financial infrastructure; 

Diversity of customers and suppliers; and 

Competition, including the impact of alternate technology. 

Comprehensive due diligence is an iterative process requiring many areas of expertise. For this reason, the Adviser s investment professionals may be assisted by independent professionals with specific capabilities. Typically, a third party accounting specialist will be engaged to help perform an in-depth review of a target company s historical financial performance. This analysis will provide a basis for determining the feasibility of the company s forecasts. In many instances, outside industry consultants will review the company s strategy, operations, budgets, competitive position and technological standing. Outside counsel will perform legal diligence and draft the investment documents, including any agreements among capital providers. The information garnered through the due diligence process may result in the modification of a transaction s terms and conditions or potentially the rejection of an investment opportunity. 
 Customized Structuring 
 The Adviser s investment professionals design a customized financial solution to address our requirements and each portfolio company. Through due diligence, the Adviser strives to better understand a portfolio company being financed in order to develop an appropriate form of investment with an acceptable capital structure. Our investments may be structured as senior secured loans, unsecured senior loans, subordinated and mezzanine loans, convertible securities, equity securities, and equity-linked securities including options. The pricing associated with the investment reflects the risk inherent in such portfolio company, its capital structure and the type of investment. Once an agreement is reached between us and such portfolio company, it will be documented. This documentation will govern the relationship between us, such portfolio company and/or other creditors after the investment is made. 
 The objective of this structuring process is to provide the portfolio company s management with the operating flexibility to effectively manage the business while creating accountability to its investors. The investment documentation typically will place limits on many of the portfolio company s discretionary activities, such as capital expenditures, acquisitions, asset divestitures, dividends, as well as, for example, the reinvestment of tax receipts and insurance proceeds. Our investment documentation also typically requires extensive reporting by each portfolio company. Such reporting usually includes financial information and metrics useful in monitoring a portfolio company s performance, as well as non-financial developments such as material changes in environmental issues, labor relations, key customers and suppliers. In addition, the investment documentation may include a range of positive and negative financial covenants initially set to establish a minimum allowable performance standard. 
 Active Monitoring 
 The Adviser s investment professionals actively monitor and manage our investment portfolio by thoroughly and continuously analyzing all outstanding investments. Specifically, the investment professionals monitor each 
 4 

portfolio company s compliance with the terms and conditions of its financing agreement, including reporting requirements and financial covenants. The reported information is gathered, analyzed and used to measure the portfolio company s performance and potential impact on the investment. The investment professionals also maintain ongoing contact with each portfolio company s management in order to understand and anticipate opportunities and issues. Interaction with management may range from regular discussions of financial results, site visits, periodic company and industry reviews to daily liquidity monitoring. If the portfolio company violates any of the terms, conditions or covenants of the financing agreement or other investment documentation, we typically will be in a position to take action to attempt to protect the investment and influence the actions of the portfolio company, if necessary. 
 Types of Investments 
 The following descriptions are not intended to be an exhaustive categorization of our investments and are subject to change at any time. They are presented merely to acquaint investors with the available investment instruments as they are anticipated by the Adviser as of the date of this filing. The allocation of our portfolio among the different types of investments will vary over time based upon the Adviser s evaluation of each specific investment opportunity. Under normal circumstances, the Adviser will utilize some or all of the following investment types, which are described in greater detail below: 
 secured fixed-rate or adjustable-rate senior loans Senior Loans ); 

unsecured fixed-rate or adjustable-rate loans; 

subordinated or mezzanine debt obligations; 

equity securities, including preferred and common stocks and warrants; 

convertible securities; and 

options or other derivative instruments. 

As previously noted, our investment period has ended. Accordingly, while we will not originate new loans, we may increase credit facilities to existing borrower or affiliates. We generate revenues in the form of interest income and capital appreciation by providing private capital to middle market companies operating in a broad range of industries primarily in the United States. In general, we do not expect the Private Credit Team to originate a significant amount of investments for us with payment-in-kind PIK interest features although we may have investments with PIK interest features in limited circumstances. Our highly negotiated private investments may include senior secured loans, unsecured senior loans, subordinated and mezzanine loans, convertible securities, equity securities, and equity-linked securities such as options and warrants. However, historically, our investment bias has been towards adjustable-rate, senior secured loans. We do not anticipate a secondary market developing for our private investments. 
 We are primarily focused on investing in senior secured debt obligations, although there may be occasions where the investment may be unsecured. We also consider an equity investment as the primary security, in combination with a debt obligation, or as part of a total return strategy. Our investments are mostly in corporations, partnerships or other business entities. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we may co-invest with other investors and/or strategic partners indirectly in a company through a joint venture, partnership or other special purpose vehicle (each, an Investment Vehicle ). While we invest primarily in U.S. companies, there may be certain instances where we invested in companies domiciled elsewhere. 
 We consider financings for many different purposes, including corporate acquisitions, growth opportunities, liquidity needs, rescue situations, recapitalizations, DIP loans, bridge loans and Chapter 11 exits. As a result, we ve invested in companies that are experiencing, or are likely to experience, operational, capital structure, liquidity and/or other financial difficulties. These investments can be subject to greater credit and liquidity risks, and could be more prone to default. 
 The Adviser will consider an investment for our portfolio only if it believes that the portfolio company is likely to repay its obligations. For example, the Adviser may determine that a portfolio company is likely to meet debt 
 5 

service requirements from cash flow or other sources, including the sale of assets, despite such portfolio company s highly leveraged position, or that a portfolio company that is experiencing financial distress, but appears able to pay its interest and principal, is an attractive investment opportunity. There can be no assurance that such analysis will uncover all factors that may impair the value of our investments. 
 We may also provide interim or bridge financing to a portfolio company for working capital or other general corporate purposes. Interim or bridge financings are generally structured as loans and may be secured or unsecured. Such a portfolio company usually has a plan for repaying or refinancing at the time of the bridge loan funding, although there is a risk that such portfolio company will be unable to complete such refinancing successfully. In that case, the bridge loan typically converts into a more permanent investment usually at a higher cost to such portfolio company. 
 Collateral 
 Our debt investments are generally secured with one or more of (i) working capital assets, such as accounts receivable and inventory, (ii) tangible fixed assets, such as real property, machinery, buildings and equipment, (iii) intangible assets, such as trademarks or patents, or (iv) security interests in shares of stock of the company or its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 We may invest in debt or equity instruments that are not secured by specific collateral, but are backed only by the enterprise value of the company. Unsecured investments typically involve a greater risk of loss than secured investments. We will generally not invest unless, at the time of the investment, the Adviser believes the estimated value of the borrower s business or the underlying assets of the business equals or exceeds the aggregate investment amount of all senior lenders, although there can be no assurance that the assets will be sufficiently liquid in order to satisfy the portfolio company s obligations. 
 In the case of investments in a non-public company, such company s shareholders may provide collateral in the form of secured guarantees and/or security interests in other assets that they own. We typically value the collateral by reference to such company s financial statements or independent appraisals, and may assign a value to the collateral that is higher or lower than the value assigned by such company. 
 Covenants 
 Debt investments generally have operational and performance-based covenants designed to monitor the performance of the borrower and to limit the activities of the borrower in an effort to protect the right of lenders to receive timely payments of interest and repayment of principal. Covenants may create positive or negative restrictions and, if violated, could result in a default on the debt obligations. 
 Default 
 We are subject to the risk that a company will default on its agreement with us due to a violation of provisions of the financing agreement or other investment documentation, including a failure to pay scheduled interest or make principal payments. If we accelerate the repayment of an investment because of a company s violation of a covenant or other terms of a financing agreement or other investment documentation, such company might default on such payment. The risk of default generally will increase in the event of an economic downturn or, in the case of an adjustable-rate obligation, a substantial increase in interest rates. We may own a debt obligation of a borrower that is about to become insolvent. We may also invest in debt obligations that are issued in connection with a restructuring of the borrower under bankruptcy laws (also known as a DIP loan/financing). 
 Investments 
 On June 5, 2015 the Company, together with an affiliate of Security Benefit Corporation and accounts managed by Oak Hill Advisors, L.P. entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Agreement to become members of TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures TCW Strategic Ventures ). TCW Strategic Ventures focuses primarily on making senior secured floating rate loans to middle-market borrowers. The 
 6 

aggregate fair value of this controlled/affiliated investment was 84.1 million and 88.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Based on fair values as of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of debt and equity investments in eight and eight portfolio companies, respectively, including TCW Strategic Ventures. Our portfolio was comprised of 67.9 debt investments which were primarily senior secured, first lien term loans and 32.1 equity investments, which were primarily common and preferred stocks; warrants; and our common and preferred membership interests in TCW Strategic Ventures. Debt investments in three portfolio companies were on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022, representing 6.6 and 18.8 of our portfolio s fair value and cost, respectively. 
 Based on fair values as of December 31, 2021, our portfolio consisted of debt and equity investments in eight and seven portfolio companies, respectively, including TCW Strategic Ventures. Our portfolio was comprised of 69.0 debt investments which were primarily senior secured, first lien term loans and 31.0 equity investments, which were primarily common and preferred stocks; warrants; and our common and preferred membership interests in TCW Strategic Ventures. Debt investments in three portfolio companies were on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2021, representing 16.3 and 19.2 of our portfolio s fair value and cost, respectively. 
 For a further discussion of our investment activities and investment attributes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement 
 On August 11, 2022 the Company s Board of Directors (the Board reapproved the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement (the Advisory Agreement originally entered into by the Company on September 15, 2014 with the Adviser, our registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Unless earlier terminated, the Advisory Agreement will remain in effect for a period of one year and will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and (ii) the vote of a majority of the independent directors of the Board. 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, and subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Adviser manages the Company s day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to the Company. The Company pays to the Adviser, quarterly in advance, a management fee (the Management Fee calculated as follows: (i) for the period starting on the initial closing date and ending on the earlier of (A) the last day of the calendar quarter during which the Commitment Period (as defined below) ends or (B) the last day of the calendar quarter during which the Adviser or an affiliate thereof begins to accrue a management fee with respect to a successor fund, 0.375 (i.e., 1.50 per annum) of the aggregate commitments determined as of the end of the period during which the Company s limited liability company units (the Common Units are being offered (the Closing Period ), and (ii) for each calendar quarter thereafter during the term of the Company (but not beyond the tenth anniversary of the initial closing date), 0.1875 (i.e., 0.75 per annum) of the aggregate cost basis (whether acquired by the Company with contributions from members, other Company funds or borrowings) of all portfolio investments that have not been sold, distributed to the members, or written off for tax purposes (but reduced by any portion of such cost basis that has been written down to reflect a permanent impairment of value of any portfolio investment), determined in each case as of the first day of such calendar quarter. The Management Fee in respect of the Closing Period is calculated as if all capital commitments of the Company were made on the initial closing date, regardless of when Common Units were actually issued. The actual payment of the Management Fee with respect to the Closing Period was made prior to the first day of the first full calendar quarter following the end of the Closing Period. The Commitment Period of the Company began on the initial closing date and ended on September 19, 2017, the earlier of (a) three years from the initial closing date and (b) the date on which the Undrawn Commitment of each Common Unit has been reduced to zero. While the Management Fee will accrue from the initial closing date, the Adviser deferred payment of such fees to the extent that such fees cannot be paid from interest and fee income generated by our investments. 
 7 

In addition, the Adviser will receive an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as follows: 
 (a) First, no Incentive Fee will be owed until the Common Unitholders have collectively received cumulative distributions pursuant to this clause (a) equal to their aggregate capital contributions in respect of all Common Units; 

(b) Second, no Incentive Fee will be owed until the Common Unitholders have collectively received cumulative distributions equal to a 9 internal rate of return on their aggregate capital contributions in respect of all Common Units (the Hurdle ); 

(c) Third, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee out of 100 of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Common Unitholders until such time as the cumulative Incentive Fee paid to the Adviser is equal to 20 of the sum of (i) the amount by which the Hurdle exceeds the aggregate capital contributions of the Common Unitholders in respect of all Common Units and (ii) the amount of Incentive Fee being paid to the Adviser pursuant to this clause (c); and 

(d) Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee equal to 20 of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Unitholders, with the remaining 80 distributed to the Unitholders. 

The Incentive Fee will be calculated on a cumulative basis and the amount of the Incentive Fee payable in connection with any distribution (or deemed distribution) will be determined and, if applicable, paid in accordance with the foregoing formula each time amounts are to be distributed to the Unitholders. 
 If the Advisory Agreement terminates early for any reason other than (i) the Adviser voluntarily terminating the agreement or (ii) our terminating the agreement for cause (as set out in the Advisory Agreement), we will be required to pay the Adviser a final incentive fee payment (the Final Incentive Fee Payment ). The Final Incentive Fee Payment will be calculated as of the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated and will equal the amount of Incentive Fee that would be payable to the Adviser if (A) all our investments were liquidated for their current value (but without taking into account any unrealized appreciation of any portfolio investment), and any unamortized deferred portfolio investment-related fees would be deemed accelerated, (B) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all our outstanding liabilities, and (C) the remainder were distributed to Common Unitholders and paid as Incentive Fee in accordance with the waterfall (i.e., clauses (a) through (d)) described above for determining the amount of the Incentive Fee. We will make the Final Incentive Fee Payment in cash on or immediately following the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated. The Adviser Return Obligation (defined below) will not apply in connection with a Final Incentive Fee Payment. 
 Administration Agreement 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company s Board reapproved the Administration Agreement with the Adviser, originally entered into on September 15, 2014, under which the Adviser (or one or more delegated service providers) oversees the maintenance of our financial records and otherwise assists the Company s compliance with regulations applicable to a BDC under the 1940 Act and a RIC under the Code, to prepare reports to our Members, monitor the payment of our expenses and the performance of other administrative or professional service providers, and generally provides us with administrative and back office support. The Company reimburses the Administrator for expenses incurred by it on behalf of the Company in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Amounts paid pursuant to the Administration Agreement are subject to the annual cap on Company Expenses (as defined below), as described more fully below. 
 The Company, and indirectly the Members, will bear (including by reimbursing the Adviser or Administrator) all other costs and expenses of its operations, administration and transactions, including, without limitation, organizational and offering expenses, management fees, costs of reporting required under applicable securities laws, legal fees of the Company s counsel and accounting fees. However, the Company will not bear (a) more than an amount equal to 10 basis points of the aggregate capital commitments of the Company for organization and offering expenses in connection with the offering of Common Units through the Closing Period and (b) more than an amount equal to 12.5 basis points of the aggregate Commitments of the Company per annum (pro-rated for partial years) for its costs and expenses other than ordinary operating expenses Company Expenses ), including amounts paid to the Administrator under the Administration Agreement and reimbursement of expenses to the Adviser. All expenses that the Company will not bear will be borne by the Adviser or its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cap on 
 8 

Company Expenses does not apply to payments of the Management Fee, Incentive Fee, organizational and offering expenses (which are subject to the separate cap), amounts payable in connection with the Company s borrowings (including interest, bank fees, legal fees and other transactional expenses related to any borrowing or borrowing facility and similar costs), costs and expenses relating to the liquidation of the Company, taxes, or extraordinary expenses (such as litigation expenses and indemnification payments). 
 Employees 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided through the Administration Agreement and the Advisory Agreement. Each of our executive officers are employees of our Adviser. 
 License Agreement 
 We have entered into a license agreement (the License Agreement with an affiliate of the Adviser, pursuant to which we have been granted a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use the name TCW . Under the License Agreement, we have a right to use the TCW name and logo, for a nominal fee, for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we will have no legal right to the TCW name or logo. 
 Derivatives 
 Derivatives were not a significant component of our investment strategy. We retain the flexibility, however, to utilize hedging techniques, such as interest rate swaps, to mitigate potential interest rate risk on our indebtedness. Such interest rate swaps would principally be used to protect us against higher costs on our indebtedness resulting from increases in both short-term and long-term interest rates. 
 We also may use various hedging and other risk management strategies to seek to manage additional risks, including changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Such hedging strategies would be utilized to seek to protect the value of our portfolio investments, for example, against foreign currency fluctuations vis a vis the U.S. Dollar or possible adverse changes in the market value of securities held in our portfolio. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 On December 30, 2014 we elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. In addition, a BDC must be organized for the purpose of investing in or lending primarily to private companies organized in the United States and making significant managerial assistance available to them. 
 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our board of directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our Members arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of any such person s office. As a BDC, we are currently also required to meet a minimum coverage ratio of the value of total assets to total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any Preferred Units. 
 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. 
 9 

We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting securities of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company, or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. We may, however, rely on recently adopted Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act and invest in excess of the limits described above. However, to the extent we rely on Rule 12d1-4, we will be subject to certain conditions and requirements under Rule 12d1-4. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject the Members to additional expenses. 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of the members of our board of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC through an exemptive order (other than in certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance). We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us to co-invest with other funds or other pools of capital or persons managed by the Adviser or its affiliates. This order is subject to certain terms and conditions accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be permitted to co-invest with other funds managed by Adviser, other than in the limited circumstances currently permitted by regulatory guidance. 
 We will be subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any assets other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by us) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

satisfies either of the following: 

has a market capitalization of less than 250 million or does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or 

is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, the BDC actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result thereof, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 

Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 

Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

Securities received in exchange for or distributed in connection with securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

10 

Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described under Qualifying Assets above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, the BDC will satisfy this test if one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does in fact provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which is referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, such that at least 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. 

Code of Ethics 
 We and the Adviser have each adopted a code of ethics of the Adviser pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, which establish procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions. The code of ethics generally contains restrictions on investments by our personnel in securities that we may purchase or hold. In addition, we have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our Principal Executive and Principal Accounting Officers pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. You may obtain copies of the codes of ethics by written request addressed to the following: Gladys Xiques, Chief Compliance Officer, 865 South Figueroa Street, Suite 1800, Los Angeles, California 90017. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and the Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws, and will be required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and to designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 Since our principal business is the making of secured loans, we do not expect to be asked to vote by proxy with respect to publicly held securities. However, if and to the extent that we hold, and are asked to submit proxies with 
 11 

respect to publicly or privately held securities, we intend to delegate our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by the Adviser and our Independent Directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, the Adviser recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for the Adviser s investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 If the Adviser has responsibility for voting proxies in connection with its investment advisory duties, or has the responsibility to specify to an agent how to vote the client s proxies, it exercises such voting responsibilities through the corporate proxy voting process. The Adviser believes that the right to vote proxies is a significant asset of its clients holdings. In order to provide a basis for making decisions in the voting of proxies for its clients, the Adviser has established a proxy voting committee (the Proxy Committee and adopted proxy voting guidelines (the Guidelines and procedures. The Proxy Committee generally meets quarterly (or at such other frequency as determined by the Proxy Committee), and its duties include establishing proxy voting guidelines and procedures, overseeing the internal proxy voting process, and reviewing proxy voting issues. The members of the Proxy Committee include the Adviser s personnel from the investment, compliance, legal and marketing departments. The Adviser also uses outside proxy voting services (each an Outside Service to help manage the proxy voting process. An Outside Service facilitates its voting according to the Guidelines (or according to guidelines submitted by the Adviser s clients) and helps maintain the Adviser s proxy voting records. The Adviser s proxy voting and record keeping is dependent on the timely provision of proxy ballots by custodians, clients and other third parties. Under circumstances described below involving potential conflicts of interest, the Adviser may also request an Outside Service to help decide certain proxy votes. In certain limited circumstances, the Adviser may enter into voting agreements or other contractual obligations that govern the voting of proxies. In the event of a conflict between any contractual requirements and the Guidelines, the Adviser will vote in accordance with its contractual obligations. As a matter of firm policy, the Adviser does not disclose to unaffiliated third parties how it expects to vote on upcoming proxies and does not disclose the way it voted proxies without a legitimate need to know such information. 
 The Guidelines provide a basis for the Adviser s decisions in the voting of proxies for clients. When voting proxies, the Adviser s utmost concern is that all decisions be made solely in the interests of the client and with the goal of maximizing the value of the client s investments. With this goal in mind, the Guidelines cover various categories of voting decisions and generally specify whether the Adviser will vote for or against a particular type of proposal. The Adviser s underlying philosophy, however, is that the portfolio managers, who are primarily responsible for evaluating the individual holdings of the Adviser s clients, are best able to determine how best to further client interests and goals. The portfolio managers may, in their discretion, take into account the recommendations of the Adviser s management, the Proxy Committee, and any Outside Service. 
 Individual portfolio managers, in the exercise of their best judgment and discretion, may from time to time override the Guidelines and vote proxies in a manner that they believe will enhance the economic value of clients assets, keeping in mind the best interests of the beneficial owners. The Guidelines provide procedures for documenting and, as required, approving such overrides. In the event a potential conflict does arise, the primary means by which the Adviser will avoid a conflict of interest is by casting votes solely in the interests of its clients and in the interests of maximizing the value of their portfolio holdings. In this regard, if a potential conflict of interest arises, but the proxy vote to be decided is predetermined under the Guidelines to be cast either in favor or against, then the Adviser will follow the Guidelines and vote accordingly. On the other hand, if a potential conflict of interest arises and there is no predetermined vote, or the Guidelines themselves refer such vote to the portfolio manager for decision, or the portfolio manager would like to override a predetermined vote, then the Guidelines provide procedures for determining whether a material conflict of interest exists and, if so, resolving such conflict. 
 The Adviser or an Outside Service will keep records of the following items for at least five years: (i) the Guidelines and any other proxy voting procedures; (ii) proxy statements received regarding client securities (unless such statements are available on the SEC s EDGAR system); (iii) records of votes cast on behalf of clients (if maintained by an Outside Service, that Outside Service will provide copies of those records promptly upon request); (iv) records 
 12 

of written requests for proxy voting information and the Adviser s response (whether a client s request was oral or in writing); and (v) any documents the Adviser prepared that were material to making a decision on how to vote, or that memorialized the basis for the decision. Additionally, the Adviser or an Outside Service will maintain any documentation related to an identified material conflict of interest. 
 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 
 
 The following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations related to an investment in the Units. This summary is based upon the provisions of the Code, as amended, the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and judicial decisions in effect as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The discussion does not purport to describe all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to a particular investor in light of that investor s particular circumstances (including alternative minimum tax consequences) and is not directed to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, such as banks, dealers in securities, persons holding Units as part of hedging transaction, wash sale, conversion transaction or integrated transaction, real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies, tax-exempt entities, U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, certain financial institutions and insurance companies. In addition, this summary does not discuss any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. tax law and assumes that investors will hold their Units as capital assets (generally, assets held for investment). 
 
 For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder is a Unitholder that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (c) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust if a court within the United States can exercise primary supervision over its administration and certain other conditions are met. A Non-U.S. Holder is a Unitholder who is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For tax purposes, our fiscal year is the calendar year. 
 
 If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Units, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective investor that will own Units through a partnership should consult its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of those Units. 
 
 Tax matters are complex and prospective investors in the Units are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax and state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of an investment in the Units, including the potential application of U.S. withholding taxes. 
 
 Classification of the Company as Corporation for Tax Purposes 
 
 As a limited liability company, the Company is an eligible entity that is entitled to elect its classification for U.S. federal tax purposes. The Company has made an election to cause it to be classified as an association that is taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the Company is unable to qualify as a RIC (the requirements of which are discussed below) during the liquidation of its portfolio following the Commitment Period, it may consider filing a new election to cause the Company to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes (from the effective date of such new election forward). The Company has no current intention of making such a new election and would only make such election if it determines it is in the best interests of Unitholders to do so. 
 
 Regulated Investment Company Classification 
 
 As a BDC, we elected, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute to our Unitholders as dividends. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our Unitholders, for each taxable year, the sum of at least 90 of our investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of our 
 13 

realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses, and 90 of its net tax-exempt interest (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 
 If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 

then we will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) that we distribute to Unitholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to Unitholders. 
 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, and on which we paid no federal income tax, in preceding years. 
 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a RIC for federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 at all times during each taxable year, have in effect an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities (including loans), gains from the sale of stock or other securities or currencies, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

o at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

o no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) the securities, other than securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships. 

We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with increasing interest rates or debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to Unitholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 
 We may have difficulty satisfying the diversification requirements as we liquidate our portfolio following the Commitment Period, since we will not be making additional investments. While we generally will not lose our status as a RIC as long as we do not acquire any nonqualifying securities or other property, under certain circumstances we may be deemed to have made an acquisition of nonqualifying securities or other property. 
 
 14 

Because we may use debt financing, we will be subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources or are otherwise limited in our ability to make distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 gross income test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 
 If, in any particular taxable year, we do not qualify as a RIC, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to Unitholders, and distributions will be taxable to the Unitholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 
 In the event we invest in non-U.S. securities, we may be subject to withholding and other non-U.S. taxes with respect to those securities. We do not expect to satisfy the conditions necessary to pass through to our Unitholders their share of the non-U.S. taxes paid by the Company. 
 above, will or would last, but there could be a prolonged period of global economic slowdown, which may have a material, adverse impact on our business and operations, and on the business and operations of our portfolio companies. Disruption and Instability in Capital Markets. The U.S. and global capital markets experienced extreme volatility and disruption in recent years, leading to recessionary conditions and depressed levels of consumer and commercial spending. For instance, recent failures in the banking sector have caused significant disruption and volatility in U.S. and global markets. In addition, uncertainty related to the global outbreak of COVID-19, the partial U.S. government shutdown in December 2018 and January 2019, U.S. trade policies and the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union have previously led to disruption and instability in the global markets. Disruptions in the capital markets increased the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities, resulting in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets. We cannot assure you that these conditions will not worsen. If conditions worsen, a prolonged period of market illiquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and negatively impact our operating results. In addition, to the extent that recessionary conditions return, the financial results of small to mid-sized companies, like those in which we invest, will likely experience deterioration, which could ultimately lead to difficulty in meeting debt service requirements and an increase in defaults. Additionally, the end markets for certain of our portfolio companies products and services have experienced, and continue to experience, negative economic trends. The performances of certain of our portfolio companies have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by these economic or other conditions, which may ultimately result in: our receipt of a reduced level of interest income from our portfolio companies; 

 decreases in the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments; and 

 ultimately, losses or change-offs related to our investments. 

 On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom officially withdrew from the European Union (a process now commonly referred to as Brexit ). Brexit has already resulted in periods of volatility in European and global financial markets. There remains significant market uncertainty regarding Brexit's ramifications, and the range and potential implications of possible political, regulatory, economic and market outcomes are difficult to predict. In the longer term, there is likely to be a period of significant political, regulatory and commercial uncertainty as the United Kingdom seeks to negotiate the terms of its future trading relationships. The United Kingdom and European economies and the broader global economy could be significantly impacted. Brexit may also cause additional member states to contemplate departing from the European Union, which would likely perpetuate political and economic instability in the region and cause additional market disruption in global financial markets. Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the resulting responses by the U.S. and other countries, and the potential for wider conflict, have increased and may continue to increase volatility and uncertainty in financial markets worldwide. The U.S. and other countries have imposed broad-ranging economic sanctions on Russia and Russian entities and individuals, and may impose additional sanctions, including on other countries that provide military or economic support to Russia. The invasion may widen beyond Ukraine and may escalate, including through retaliatory actions and cyberattacks by Russia and even other countries. These events may result in further and significant market disruptions and may adversely affect regional and global economies. Furthermore, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries could present material uncertainty and risk with respect to us and the performance of our investments or operations, and our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that third parties, investors, or related customer bases have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. In addition, the political reunification of China and Taiwan, over which China continues to claim sovereignty, is a highly complex issue that has included threats of invasion by China. Political or economic disturbances (including an attempted unification of Taiwan by force), any economic sanctions implemented in response, and any escalation of hostility between China and Taiwan would likely have a significant adverse impact on economies, markets and individual securities globally. Historical Performance. The investment philosophy and techniques used by the Adviser to manage a BDC may differ from the investment philosophy and techniques it previously employed in identifying and managing past investments. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Adviser will replicate the historical performance of other investment funds with which it has been affiliated. As a result, our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by such other investment funds. Dependence on Key Personnel and Other Management. Unitholders have no right or power to participate in the management of the Company and may not receive detailed financial information regarding investments that is available to the Adviser. An investor in the Company must rely upon the ability of the Adviser (including the Private Credit Team and other investment professionals of the Adviser) to identify, structure and implement investments consistent with our investment objectives and policies. Accordingly, our success is dependent on the Adviser s ability to retain and motivate highly qualified professionals. The loss of services of Richard T. Miller, Suzanne Grosso, Mark Gertzof and/or James S. Bold could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our future success also depends on the Adviser s ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly qualified and experienced investment and management professionals. Competition for such professionals is significant, and there can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to attract or retain other highly qualified professionals in the future. The inability of the Adviser to attract and retain such professionals could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition or results of operations. Economic Interest of the Adviser. Because the Adviser will be compensated in part on a basis tied to our performance, the Adviser may have an incentive to make investments that are risky or speculative. No Assurance of Profits . There is no assurance that we will be able to generate returns for our investors or that the returns will be commensurate with the risks of investing in the types of companies and transactions described herein. The marketability and value of any of our investments will depend upon many factors beyond our control. We will incur organizational expenses, Management Fees and other operating expenses which may exceed our income, and a Unitholder could lose the entire amount of its contributed capital. Therefore, a prospective investor should only invest in the Company if such investor can withstand a total loss of his or her investment. The past investment performance of the entities and accounts with which the Adviser and its investment professionals have been associated cannot be taken to guarantee future results of any investment in the Company. Effect of Fees and Expenses on Returns . We pay Management Fees and Incentive Fees to the Adviser and generally bear our other Company Expenses. Generally, other than the Incentive Fee, fees and expenses will be paid regardless of whether we produce positive investment returns. The fees and expenses will reduce the actual returns to Unitholders, the distributions we make to Unitholders, and the overall value of the Unitholders investment. In addition, because the Management Fees payable by us to the Adviser will be calculated based on average gross assets of the Company on a consolidated basis, including the amortized cost of portfolio investments purchased with borrowed funds and other forms of leverage, the Adviser may be incentivized to use leverage, but will not utilize more than is permitted by applicable law or regulation. Under certain circumstances, the use of leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would impair the value of the Units. Regulations Governing our Operation as a BDC . We may issue debt securities or Preferred Units and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which are collectively referred to herein as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act currently in force, we will be permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200 (or 150 as described below under Additional Leverage of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our Unitholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. If we issue Preferred Units, the Preferred Units would rank senior to the Units in our capital structure, the Preferred Unitholders would have separate voting rights on certain matters and might have other rights, preferences, or privileges more favorable than those of the Unitholders. In addition, as a regulated BDC under the 1940 Act we may, among other things, be prohibited from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of the members of our board of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC through an exemptive order (other than in certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance). The Adviser has obtained exemptive relief from the SEC that, subject to certain conditions and limitations, permits us and other funds advised by the Adviser or certain affiliates of the Adviser (referred to herein as potential co-investment funds to engage in certain co-investment transactions. Under the exemptive relief, in the case where the interest in a particular investment opportunity exceeds the size of the opportunity, then the investment opportunity will be allocated among us, Fund VII and any other potential co-investment funds based on available capital, which generally is determined based on the amount of cash on hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, the targeted leverage level, targeted asset mix and other investment policies and restrictions set from time to time by the board or other governing body of the relevant fund or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. Prior to August 2020, the Advisor calculated available capital based primarily on uncalled capital commitments and then-available borrowings for each fund or account. However, with a view toward more equitable and stable allocations going forward, the Advisor, as of August 2020, adjusted its policy to calculate available capital primarily on anticipated fund or account size (including total investor commitments and reasonably expected leverage). We incur significant costs as a result of being registered under the Exchange Act . We incur legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements, as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, which requires significant resources and management oversight. We have implemented and may continue to implement procedures, processes, policies and practices for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have incurred and expect to incur significant annual expenses related to these steps and directors and officers liability insurance, director fees, reporting requirements of the SEC, transfer agent fees, additional administrative expenses payable to the Administrator to compensate it for hiring additional accounting, legal and administrative personnel, increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses associated with being a public company. Borrowing Money . The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and, therefore, increases the risks associated with investing in the Company. Subject to the borrowing limitation imposed on us by the 1940 Act, the Company and any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has and may continue to borrow from or issue senior debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders. Our lenders will have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of the Unitholders, and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause net investment income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique. Our ability to service any debt that we incur will depend largely on our financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. As a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which will include all of our borrowings and any Preferred Units that we may issue in the future, of at least 200 (or 150 as described below under Additional Leverage ). If this ratio declines below 200 , we may not be able to incur additional debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on the Adviser s assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us. In addition, our existing credit facilities impose, and future debt facilities into which we may enter would likely impose, financial and operating covenants that restrict our business activities, including limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In particular, it is anticipated that the credit facility would contain certain financial covenants, which may include requiring us to maintain a minimum amount of equity supporting the credit facility or comply with certain collateral quality and coverage tests. Additional Leverage . As a BDC, under the Investment Company Act we generally are not permitted to incur borrowings, issue debt securities or issue preferred stock unless immediately after the borrowing or issuance the ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total indebtedness plus preferred stock, is at least 200 or, if certain requirements, which are described below, are met, 150 . Pursuant to Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, BDCs may reduce the minimum asset coverage ratio from 200 to 150 , subject to certain approval requirements (including either stockholder approval or approval of the required majority, as such term is defined in Section 57(o) of the Investment Company Act), certain disclosure requirements and, in the case of a BDC that is not an issuer of common equity securities that are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the Company, the requirement that the BDC must extend to each person that is a stockholder as of the date of an approval described above the opportunity (which may include a tender offer) to sell the securities held by that stockholder as of that applicable approval date, with 25 of those securities to be repurchased in each of the four calendar quarters following the calendar quarter in which that applicable approval date takes place. As a result, BDCs may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future, and the risks associated with an investment in BDCs may increase. Failure to Qualify as a RIC . We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, we must meet certain source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements. The distribution requirement for a RIC is satisfied if we distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to the Unitholders on an annual basis. Because we have incurred debt, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to corporate-level income tax. To qualify as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. Failure to meet these tests may result in the Company having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to qualify as a RIC, or to prevent the loss of such qualification after becoming a RIC. Because most of our investments will be in private or thinly traded public companies, any such dispositions may be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. In addition, we may have difficulty satisfying the diversification requirements after the Commitment Period as we liquidate our portfolio since we will not be making additional investments. While we generally will not lose our status as a RIC as long as we do not acquire any non-qualifying securities or other property, under certain circumstances we may be deemed to have made an acquisition of non-qualifying securities or other property. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and become subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate income taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distributions to the Unitholders and the amount of funds available for new investments. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and the Unitholders. Wind Down. Since the Commitment Period ended in September 2017, we generally may not make new investments (other than certain follow-on investments and investments that were significantly in process prior to the termination of the Commitment Period). As a result, during the remainder of our term, fewer investments will be available to generate cash flow, decreasing the amount of distributions. In addition, we will continue to incur expenses and other liabilities for the remainder of our term, which will reduce the amount ultimately available for distribution to Members. Amounts distributed to Members in connection with any dissolution and liquidation may be subject to clawback pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement. Further, some of our remaining investments (including certain equity investments) may require additional time beyond the Company s current term before we can dispose of them at a favorable price or otherwise recoup our investment. On April 30, 2021, the Board elected to extend the Company s term until September 2022. Any further extensions will require Member approval. If we are unable to extend the Company s term beyond September 2022, we may be required to dispose of our remaining investments at unfavorable prices. On July 11, 2022 the term of the Company was extended for a one-year period from September 19, 2022 to September 19, 2023 via a supermajority vote of the Unitholders. Recourse to Our Assets . Our assets, including any investments made by us and any capital held by us, are available to satisfy all our liabilities and other obligations. If we become subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have recourse to our assets generally and not be limited to any particular asset, even in the circumstance where a specific investment gave rise to the liability. Litigation Risks . We will be subject to a variety of litigation risks, particularly if one or more of our portfolio companies face financial or other difficulties. Legal disputes, involving any or all of the Company, the Adviser, or their affiliates, may arise from our activities and investments and could have a significant adverse effect on us. Limited Liability of the Adviser . To the extent permissible by law, the Adviser will not be liable, responsible or accountable in damages or otherwise to us or to any Unitholder for any breach of duty to us or the Unitholders or for any act or failure to act pursuant to the Advisory Agreement or otherwise, except in certain limited circumstances provided by the 1940 Act and as set forth in the Advisory Agreement. In general, we will be required to indemnify the Adviser (and other related and/or affiliated parties) for certain losses arising out of its activities on behalf of us. Such obligations could reduce significantly the returns to the Unitholders. Conflicts of Interest . Conflicts of interest may exist from time to time between the Adviser and certain of its affiliates involved with us. 
 economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests and goals. Although the Adviser will be responsible for monitoring the performance of each of our investments and we are required, pursuant to a specific 1940 Act provision applicable to BDCs, to offer to provide each of our portfolio companies managerial assistance, there can be no assurance that the existing management team of a portfolio company or any successor will be able to operate any such entity in accordance with our expectations. In this situation, we may not be in a position to limit or otherwise protect the value of our investment. Discontinuation of LIBOR. Our debt investments may be based on floating rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or the Prime Rate. General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on our investments, the value of our securities and our rate of return on invested capital. Since inception, most of our investments have been linked to LIBOR. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, and administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration, Limited, began phasing out the publication of LIBOR at the end of 2021, with the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings to cease immediately after June 30, 2023, providing additional time to address the legacy contracts that reference such U.S. dollar LIBOR settings. Actions by regulators have resulted in the establishment of alternative reference rates to LIBOR in most major currencies. The U.S. Federal Reserve is now publishing SOFR, which is intended to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR. Alternative reference rates for other currencies have also been announced or have begun publication. Markets are slowly developing in response to these new rates. The elimination of LIBOR or when LIBOR degrades to the degree that it is no longer representative of the underlying market, or uncertainty related to such changes, may adversely affect the market for LIBOR based securities, including our portfolio of LIBOR indexed, floating rate debt securities, or the cost of our borrowings. Additionally, because no replacement rate is a perfect match for LIBOR, even when the transaction documents contain robust fallback language, the value of LIBOR-linked securities, and consequently their potential returns, may experience material changes upon LIBOR s discontinuation. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR, or any other alternative reference rates that may be established, the transition from LIBOR may disrupt the overall financial markets and adversely affect the market for LIBOR based securities, including LIBOR indexed, floating rate debt securities, or the cost of borrowings. In addition, changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on the market for LIBOR based securities, including the value and/or transferability of the LIBOR indexed, floating rate debt securities, or the cost of borrowings. The transition from LIBOR to SOFR or other alternative reference rates may also introduce operational risks in accounting, financial reporting, loan servicing, and liability management. We are assessing the impact of the transition from LIBOR; however, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact of the transition at this time. No Secondary Market for Securities . Our investments are generally heavily negotiated and, accordingly, do not have the liquidity of conventional securities and will not have readily available market prices. We value such investments at fair value as determined in good faith by the Adviser in accordance with our valuation policy. Because there is no single standard for determining fair value, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each investment. In addition, due to their illiquid nature, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in a timely manner, at a fair price and/or in the manner that was thought to be viable when the investment was initiated (due to economic, legal, political or other factors). There is no assurance that we will be able to dispose of an investment in a particular security. The inability to dispose of a security could result in losses incurred by us, including the loss of our entire investment in such security. The debt of highly leveraged companies or companies in default also may be less liquid than other debt. If we voluntarily or involuntarily sell those types of debt securities, we might not receive the full value we expect. Illiquidity of Collateral . Collateral may consist of assets that may not be readily liquidated, and there is no assurance that the liquidation of those assets will satisfy a company s obligations. If a company defaults on a secured investment, the Company may receive assets other than cash or securities in full or partial satisfaction of such company s obligations. The Company might not be able to realize the benefit of the assets for legal, practical or other reasons. The Company might hold those assets until it is determined to be appropriate to dispose of them. Portfolio Concentration . Although the regulatory restrictions applicable to RICs limit the amount that we may generally invest in any single portfolio company, our investments may not be diversified. See Item 1. Business Regulation as a Business Development Company Qualifying Assets and Item 1. Business Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company. Aside from the diversification requirements that we have to comply with as a RIC and other contractual investment limitations to which we are subject pursuant to the LLC Agreement, we do not have any specific portfolio diversification or concentration limits. As a result, our portfolio may include a relatively limited number of large positions. If our investments are concentrated in a few issuers or industries, any adverse change in one or more of such issuers or industries could have a material adverse effect on our investments. To the extent the aggregate Commitments of the Unitholders turn out to be substantially less than the amounts targeted, our portfolio may be even more concentrated than it would otherwise be. In addition, since the Commitment Period ended in September 2017, we may not make new investments (other than certain follow-on investments). As we continue to wind down under the terms of the LLC Agreement, our investment portfolio has become more concentrated, which may heighten the risk that an adverse change in one issuer or industry could have a material adverse impact on the Company s performance. Valuation Risk . Many of our portfolio securities may not have a readily available market price and the Adviser will value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith under procedures approved by our Board of Directors, which valuation is inherently subjective and may not reflect what we may actually realize for the sale of the investment. The majority of our investments are expected to be in instruments that do not have readily ascertainable market prices. The fair value of assets that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available will be determined by the Adviser in good faith under procedures approved by our Board of Directors. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. Reliance upon Consultants . The Adviser may rely upon independent consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; however, no assurance can be given that these consultants will accurately evaluate such investments and we may incur liability as a result of such consultants actions. Credit Risks . Debt investments are subject to credit risk. Credit risk relates to the ability of the borrower to make interest and principal payments on the loan or security as they become due. If the borrower fails to pay interest, our income might be reduced. If the borrower fails to repay principal, the value of that security and the value of the Company might be reduced. Our investments in debt securities are subject to risks of default. We may invest in debt securities made in connection with leveraged buy-out transactions, recapitalizations and other highly leveraged transactions. While our investments in senior loans typically will be secured by collateral, we may have difficulty liquidating the collateral or enforcing our rights under the terms of the senior loans in the event of the borrower s default. There is no guarantee that the collateral securing a senior loan will be sufficient to protect us against losses or a decline in income in the event of a borrower s non-payment of interest or principal. In the event that a borrower declares bankruptcy, a court could invalidate our security interest in the loan collateral or subordinate our rights under the senior loan to other creditors of the borrower. Also, we may invest part of our assets in loans and other debt obligations that are not fully secured. Interest Rate Risk . In general, the value of a debt security changes as prevailing interest rates change. For fixed-rate debt securities, when prevailing interest rates fall, the values of outstanding debt securities generally rise. When interest rates rise, the values of outstanding fixed-rate debt securities generally fall, and they may sell at a discount from their face amount. Our debt investments generally have adjustable interest rates. For that reason, the Adviser expects that when interest rates change, the amount of interest we receive in respect of such debt investments will change in a corresponding manner. However, the interest rates of some debt investments adjust only periodically. Between the times that interest rates on debt investments adjust, the interest rates on those investments may not correlate to prevailing interest rates. Risks associated with rising interest rates are heightened given that the U.S. Federal Reserve Board (the Fed has begun to sharply raise interest rates from historically low levels and has signaled an intention to continue doing so until current inflation levels align with the Fed's long-term inflation target. Other central banks globally have begun implementing similar rate increases. A wide variety of factors can cause interest rates to rise (e.g., central bank monetary policies, inflation rates, or general economic conditions). Reliance Upon Unaffiliated Co-Lender . In certain circumstances we may co-invest with an unaffiliated lender, who will sometimes be responsible for performing some of the legal due diligence on the borrower and for negotiating some of the terms of the loan agreement that establishes the terms and conditions of the debt investment and the rights of the borrower and the lenders. In such circumstances, although we will perform our own due diligence, we may rely in part on the quality of the due diligence performed by the co-lender and will be bound by the negotiated terms of the loan documentation. There can be no assurance that the unaffiliated co-lender will perform the same level of due diligence as we would perform or that the co-lender will negotiate terms that are consistent with the terms generally negotiated and obtained by us. If the unaffiliated co-lender is acting as collateral agent under the loan documentation and becomes insolvent, the assets securing the debt investment may be determined by a court or regulatory authority to be subject to the claims of the co-lender s creditors. If that were to occur, we might incur delays and costs in realizing payment on the loan, or we might suffer a loss of principal and/or interest. Use of Investment Vehicles . In general, the risks associated with indirect investments in portfolio companies through a joint venture, partnership or other special purpose vehicle (each, an Investment Vehicle are similar to those associated with a direct investment in a portfolio company. While we will analyze the credit and business of a potential portfolio company in determining whether or not to make an investment in an Investment Vehicle, we will nonetheless be exposed to the creditworthiness of the Investment Vehicle. In the event of a bankruptcy proceeding against the Investment Vehicle, the risks outlined below under Insolvency Considerations with Respect to Portfolio Companies will be applicable with equal effect. Additionally, in the case of a bankruptcy proceeding against the portfolio company, the assets of the portfolio company may be used to satisfy its obligations prior to the satisfaction of our investment in the Investment Vehicle (i.e., our investment in the Investment Vehicle would be structurally subordinated to the other obligations of the portfolio company). Insolvency Considerations with Respect to Portfolio Companies . Various laws enacted for the protection of creditors may apply to our debt investments. A bankruptcy proceeding against a borrower could delay or limit our ability to collect the principal and interest payments on that borrower s debt obligations. In a lawsuit brought by creditors of a borrower, a court or a trustee in bankruptcy could take certain actions that would be adverse to us. For example: Other creditors might convince the court to set aside or subordinate a loan or the security interest in a loan as a fraudulent conveyance, a preferential transfer or for other equitable considerations. In that event, the court could recover from us the interest and principal payments that the borrower made before becoming insolvent. There can be no assurance that we would be able to prevent such recapture. 

 A bankruptcy court may restructure the payment obligations under debt securities so as to reduce the amount to which we would be entitled. 

 The court might discharge the amount of a loan we make that exceeds the value of the collateral securing the loan. The court could subordinate our rights to the rights of other creditors of the borrower under applicable law. 

 Although a senior secured position under a senior loan provides some assurance that we would be able to recover some of our investment in the event of a borrower s default, the collateral might be insufficient to cover the borrower s debts. A bankruptcy court might find that the collateral securing the senior loan is invalid or require the borrower to use the collateral to pay other outstanding obligations. If the collateral consists of stock of the borrower or its subsidiaries, the stock may lose all of its value in the event of a bankruptcy, which would leave us exposed to greater potential loss. 

 If a borrower defaults on a scheduled interest or principal payment on a debt obligation, we may experience a reduction of our income. In addition, the value of the debt investment would decline, which may, in turn, cause our value to decline. 

 Lender Liability . In recent years, a number of judicial decisions in the United States have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories (collectively termed Lender Liability ). Generally, Lender Liability is founded upon the premise that an institutional lender has violated a duty (whether implied or contractual) of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or shareholders. Lender Liability claims generally arise in bankruptcy, but can also arise under state law claims. Lender Liability often involves claims of misconduct where a lender (a) intentionally takes an action that exacerbates the insolvency of a borrower or issuer or that results in the undercapitalization of a borrower or issuer to the detriment of other creditors of such borrower or issuer, (b) engages in other inequitable conduct to the detriment of such other creditors, (c) engages in fraud with respect to, or makes misrepresentations to, such other creditors or (d) uses its influence as a shareholder to dominate or control a borrower or issuer to the detriment of other creditors of such borrower or issuer. We could be subject to allegations of Lender Liability because of the nature of certain of our investments. There is also a risk that where Lender Liability is alleged, a court may elect to subordinate the claim of the offending lender or bondholder to the claims of the disadvantaged creditor or creditors (a remedy called Equitable Subordination ). We do not intend to engage in conduct that would give rise to a claim of Lender Liability or Equitable Subordination. However, as a BDC, we are obligated to offer managerial assistance to each of our portfolio companies. To the extent any of our portfolio companies elect to accept such offer to provide managerial assistance, that level of involvement with a portfolio company could strengthen a Lender Liability claim against us. Therefore, claims for Lender Liability or Equitable Subordination affecting our investments could arise as a result of any managerial assistance that we provide in order to fulfill our obligations as a BDC. Moreover, because of the nature of our investments, we may not always be the lead creditor, and security or other agents may act on behalf of the investors in a security owned by us. Therefore, claims for Lender Liability or Equitable Subordination affecting our investments could also arise without our direct managerial or other involvement. Special Risks of Highly Leveraged or other Risky Portfolio Companies . We can invest up to 100 of our total assets in debt and equity securities of portfolio companies that are highly leveraged and whose debt securities would be considered well below investment grade. We may also invest in obligations of portfolio companies in connection with a restructuring under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (i.e., a debtor in possession financing) if the obligations meet the credit standards of the Adviser. Debtor in possession financings are arranged when an entity seeks the protections of the bankruptcy court under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. These financings allow an entity to continue its business operations while reorganizing under Chapter 11. Such financings are senior liens on unencumbered security (i.e., security not subject to other creditor claims). These debt obligations tend to offer higher yields than investment grade securities to compensate investors for the higher risk, and are commonly referred to as high risk securities or, in the case of bonds, junk bonds. Similarly, we may also invest in obligations of portfolio companies in connection with rescue situation and Chapter 11 exit financings. Rescue situation financings may avoid a company s need to resort to bankruptcy and provide the company with working capital it needs to continue uninterrupted operations. Chapter 11 exit financings allow a company to deleverage its balance sheet and to emerge from a Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Lending to highly leveraged or other risky borrowers is highly speculative. These investments may expose us to financial market risks, interest rate risks and credit risks that are significantly greater than the risks associated with other securities in which we may invest. An economic downturn or a period of rising interest rates, for example, could cause a decline in the prices of such securities. The prices of securities structured as zero-coupon or pay-in-kind securities may be more volatile than securities that pay interest periodically and in cash. In the event of a default by a portfolio company, we would experience a reduction of our income and could expect a decline in the fair value of the defaulted securities and may incur significant additional expenses to seek recovery. Risk of Bridge Financing . If we make or invest in a bridge loan or interim financing for a portfolio company that intends to refinance all or a portion of that loan, there is a risk that the borrower will be unable to complete such refinancing successfully. Such failure could lead to the portfolio company having to pay interest at increasing rates along with additional fees and expenses, the result of which may reduce the value of the portfolio company. Risk of Subordinated or Mezzanine Financing . Our investments in subordinated or mezzanine financing will generally be unsecured or, if secured, will be subordinated to the interests of the senior lender in the borrower s capital structure. In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency involving the borrower where there are insufficient assets to satisfy the obligations of the borrower to its senior lender, there may be no assets available to meet its obligations to the holders of its subordinated or mezzanine debt, including the Company. Risks of Investing in Unitranche Loans . Unitranche loans provide leverage levels comparable to a combination of first lien and second lien or subordinated loans, and may rank junior to other debt instruments issued by the portfolio company. Unitranche loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, and there is a heightened risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. From the perspective of a lender, in addition to making a single loan, a unitranche loan may allow the lender to choose to participate in the first out tranche, which will generally receive priority with respect to payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due, or to choose to participate only in the last out tranche, which is generally paid only after the first out tranche is paid. We may participate in first out and last out tranches of unitranche loans and make single unitranche loans, and we may suffer losses on such loans if the borrower is unable to make required payments when due . Non-U.S. Investment Risk . We may invest up to 30 of our gross assets in portfolio companies domiciled outside of the United States (assuming that the remaining 70 of our gross assets constitute qualifying assets (as defined in the 1940 Act and as described under Item 1. Business Regulation as a Business Development Company Qualifying Assets )). Non-U.S. obligations have risks not typically involved in domestic investments. For example, non-U.S. obligations not denominated in U.S. dollars will cause our investment performance to vary based on changes in the applicable currency exchange rate. Moreover, even if we attempt to hedge the currency exchange risk, these hedges may be expensive and may not completely protect us in all circumstances. Non-U.S. investing can also result in higher transaction and operating costs for the Company. Non-U.S. issuers may not be subject to the same accounting and disclosure requirements that U.S. issuers are subject to. The value of non-U.S. investments may be affected by exchange control regulations, expropriation or nationalization of a company s assets, non-U.S. taxes, delays in settlement of transactions, changes in governmental economic or monetary policies in the United States or abroad, or other political and economic factors. We may have greater difficulty taking appropriate legal actions in non-U.S. courts. Non-U.S. countries may impose withholding taxes on income paid on the debt securities of issuers in those countries. Risks of Using Derivative Instruments . We may use derivative financial instruments for hedging or managing the risks associated with the assets we hold. The risks posed by such instruments can be extremely complex and difficult to evaluate, including (i) risks relating to our counterparties in such a transaction; (ii) imperfect correlation between movements in the currency, interest rate or other reference on which the derivative is based and movements in the assets of the underlying portfolio; and (iii) reduced ability to meet short-term obligations because of the percentage of our assets segregated to cover derivative obligations. In addition, by hedging a particular position, any potential gain from an increase in value of such position may be limited. In October 2020, the SEC adopted a rulemaking regarding the ability of a BDC (or a registered investment company) to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations. Under the newly adopted rule, BDCs that use derivatives will be subject to a value-at-risk VaR leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program and testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These new requirements will apply, unless a BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined under the adopted rule. Under the new rule, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. Collectively, these requirements may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. Need for Follow-On Investments . We may be called upon to provide follow-on funding or additional loans for, or have the opportunity to increase our investment in, our portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to make or arrange for follow-on investments or loans or that we will have sufficient funds to do so. Any decision not to make follow-on investments or loans or the inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of funds or may diminish our proportionate ownership in such entity and thus our ability to influence the entity s future conduct. The inability to make follow-on investments or loans may also impede, diminish or reduce the number of attractive investments made available to us. Inability to Take Advantage of Investment Opportunities with Affiliated Funds or Investors . The 1940 Act limits our ability to engage in transactions with affiliated funds and investors. For example, we are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Independent Directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, five percent or more of our outstanding voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of the Independent Directors. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include co-investments in the same portfolio company, without prior approval of the Independent Directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Although the Company benefits from exemptive relief obtained from the SEC by the Adviser and other funds advised by the Adviser to engage in certain joint transactions, the relief is limited and subject to certain conditions. We are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any person who owns more than 25 of our voting securities or controls us (such as the Adviser) or certain of that person s affiliates (such as other investment funds managed by the Adviser), or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than any security of which we are the issuer) from or to any portfolio company of a private equity fund managed by the Adviser or its affiliates without the prior approval of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. In situations where we cannot co-invest with other investment funds managed by the Adviser due to the restrictions contained in the 1940 Act, the investment policies and procedures of the Adviser generally require that such opportunities be offered to us and such other investment funds on an alternating basis. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to participate in all investment opportunities identified by the Adviser that are suitable for us. Effect of BDC and RIC Rules on Investment Strategy . Our having to comply with the various rules necessary to remain qualified as a BDC and a RIC could adversely impact the implementation of our investment strategy and thus reduce returns to investors. For example, the diversification requirements imposed by the RIC rules could, in certain situations, preclude us from making certain investments. 
 Commitments if an event of default under a credit facility or any other borrowing agreement occurs in order to repay any indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and the payment by a Unitholder of any such amounts that have become due and payable by the Company out of such Unitholder s Undrawn Commitment may be a condition to the effectiveness of (i) any transfer, withdrawal, termination or reduction of Commitments of such Unitholder or (ii) such Unitholder s ability to cease funding its Commitment. Consequences of Failure to Pay Commitment in Full . If a Unitholder fails to pay any installment of its Commitment, other Unitholders who have an outstanding Commitment may be required to fund their respective Commitments sooner than they otherwise would have absent such a default. In addition, if funding of Commitments by other Unitholders and our borrowings are inadequate to cover defaulted Commitments, we may be unable to pay our obligations when due or be subjected to penalties or may otherwise suffer adverse consequences that could materially adversely affect the returns to the Unitholders (including non-defaulting Unitholders). If a Unitholder defaults, there is no guarantee that we will recover the full amount of the defaulted Commitment, and such defaulting Unitholder may lose all or a portion of its economic interest in us. No Registration; Limited Transferability of Units . The Units were offered without registration under the Securities Act or any other laws of applicable jurisdictions. All dispositions and transfers of the Units shall be made pursuant to an effective registration statement or in accordance with an exemption from registration contained in the Securities Act. Unitholders will not be permitted to transfer their Units unless (i) we and, if required by our lending arrangements, our lenders give consent and (ii) the transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities laws. Furthermore, the transferability of the Units may be subject to certain restrictions contained in the Subscription Agreement and the LLC Agreement and may be affected by restrictions on resale imposed under U.S. federal, U.S. state or another jurisdiction s securities laws. A public market does not currently exist for the Units and one is not expected to develop. Withdrawal from an investment in the Units will not generally be permitted. In light of the restrictions imposed on any such transfer and in light of the limitations imposed on a Unitholder s ability to withdraw all or part of its investment in Units, an investment in the Units should be viewed as illiquid and subject to high risk. No Assurance of Reorganization . No assurances can be made that the Reorganization will occur and investors should not rely on a future Reorganization as a liquidity option. If a Reorganization does occur, a Reorganization Incentive Fee is expected to be payable pro rata by each Reorganized Entity in accordance with the respective advisory agreement of each Reorganized Entity and, if applicable, the distribution procedures described in the organizational documentation of the relevant Reorganized Entity. Although it is expected that such Reorganization Incentive Fee will be calculated using the methodology set forth in The Private Offering Investor Optionality; Potential Reorganization , the final terms of the Reorganization will be determined at the time of the Reorganization and there is no guarantee that such terms will be favorable to investors. Withholding Risk for Foreign Investors . U.S. withholding tax rules require 30 withholding on distributions to Non-U.S. Holders unless there is certainty that such distributions are not subject to such withholding. The Company may make distributions at times of the year when there is uncertainty as to whether the amounts distributed are subject to such withholding. Accordingly, such distributions to Non-U.S. Holders may be subject to overwithholding by the Company (or its withholding agent) and Non-U.S. Holders may be required to file a return with the Internal Revenue Service in order to receive a refund of such overwithheld amounts. Non-U.S. Holders should see the discussion under the heading Item 1. Business Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences. Tax Risks . Tax consequences to Unitholders from an investment in the Units are complex. Potential Unitholders are strongly urged to review the discussion in Item 1. Business Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences. 
 financial markets are increasingly interconnected, events that once had only local impact are now more likely to have regional or even global effects. Events that occur in one country, region or financial market will, more frequently, adversely impact issuers in other countries, regions or markets, including in established markets such as the U.S. These impacts can be exacerbated by failures of governments and societies to adequately respond to an emerging event or threat. Uncertainty can result in or coincide with, among other things: increased volatility in the financial markets for securities, derivatives, loans, credit and currency; a decrease in the reliability of market prices and difficulty in valuing assets (including portfolio company assets); greater fluctuations in spreads on debt investments and currency exchange rates; increased risk of default (by both government and private obligors and issuers); further social, economic, and political instability; nationalization of private enterprise; greater governmental involvement in the economy or in social factors that impact the economy; changes to governmental regulation and supervision of the loan, securities, derivatives and currency markets and market participants and decreased or revised monitoring of such markets by governments or self-regulatory organizations and reduced enforcement of regulations; limitations on the activities of investors in such markets; controls or restrictions on foreign investment, capital controls and limitations on repatriation of invested capital; the significant loss of liquidity and the inability to purchase, sell and otherwise fund investments or settle transactions (including, but not limited to, a market freeze); unavailability of currency hedging techniques; substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation, which can last many years and have substantial negative effects on credit and securities markets as well as the economy as a whole; recessions; and difficulties in obtaining and/or enforcing legal judgments. We will also be negatively affected if the operations and effectiveness of us or a portfolio company (or any of the key personnel or service providers of the foregoing) is compromised or if necessary or beneficial systems and processes are disrupted. Changes to U.S. Tariff and Import/Export Regulations . There has been ongoing discussion and commentary regarding potential, significant changes to U.S. trade policies, treaties and tariffs, resulting in significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and other countries with respect to trade policies, treaties and tariffs. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the United States. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our portfolio companies access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn would negatively impact us. Changes in Applicable Law . We must comply with various legal requirements, including requirements imposed by United States and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws, securities laws, commodities laws, tax laws and pension laws. Should any of those laws change over the life of the Company, the legal requirements to which we and the Adviser may be subject could differ materially from current requirements. In addition, if a Unitholder fails to comply with applicable anti-money laundering laws and similar laws, the Company may mandatorily repurchase such Unitholder s Units. Terrorist Action . There is a risk of terrorist attacks on the United States and elsewhere causing significant loss of life and property damage and disruptions in global market. Economic and diplomatic sanctions may be in place or imposed on certain states and military action may be commenced. The impact of such events is unclear, but could have a material effect on general economic conditions and market liquidity. Dependence on Information Systems and Systems Failures . Our business is highly dependent on the communications and information systems of the Adviser, its affiliates and third parties. Further, in the ordinary course of our business we or the Adviser may engage certain third party service providers to provide us with services necessary for our business. Any failure or interruption of those systems or services, including as a result of the termination or suspension of an agreement with any third party service providers, could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control and adversely affect our business. There could be: sudden electrical or telecommunications outages; 

 natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; 

 disease pandemics or other serious public health events, such as the recent global outbreak of COVID-19; 

 events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and 

 cyber-attacks. 

 These events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Cybersecurity Risks and Cyber Incidents . We are highly dependent on information systems, and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the value of our Units and our ability to pay distributions. Our business depends on the communications and information systems of our Adviser and its affiliates. These systems are subject to potential attacks, including through adverse events that threaten the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources (i.e., cyber incidents). Cyber hacking could also cause significant disruption and harm to the companies in which we invest. The U.S. government has issued warnings that certain essential assets, specifically those related to energy and infrastructure, including exploration and production facilities, pipelines and transmission and distribution facilities, might be specific targets of terrorist activity. Additionally, digital and network technologies (collectively, cyber networks might be at risk of cyberattacks that could potentially seek unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes such as misappropriating sensitive information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. Cyberattacks might potentially be carried out by persons using techniques that could range from efforts to electronically circumvent network security or overwhelm websites to intelligence gathering and social engineering functions aimed at obtaining information necessary to gain access. These attacks could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption and result in disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our business relationships, any of which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the value of our securities and our ability to pay distributions to our unitholders. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by the Adviser and third-party service providers. 

ITE M 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 I TEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We maintain our principal executive office at 200 Clarendon Street, 51st Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. We do not own any real estate. We believe that our present facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. If new or additional space is required, we believe that adequate facilities are available at competitive prices in the same area. 
 ITE M 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 ITE M 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 29 

PA RT II 
 ITE M 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 On September 19, 2014, the Company began accepting subscription agreements from investors for the private sale of its Common Units. The Company continued to enter into subscription agreements since that date through the final closing date of March 19, 2015. Under the terms of the subscription agreements, the Company may generally draw down all or any portion of the undrawn commitment with respect to each Common Unit upon at least ten business days prior written notice to the Members. The issuance of the Common Units pursuant to these subscription agreements and any draw by the Company under the related commitments is expected to be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and Rule 506(c) of Regulation D thereunder. 
 ITE M 6.	SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The selected financial data previously required by Item 301 of Regulation S-K has been omitted in reliance on SEC Release No. 33-10890, Management s Discussion and Analysis, Selected Financial Data, and Supplementary Financial Information. 
 30 

ITE M 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion also should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements set forth on page ii of this annual report. 
 Overview 
 We were formed on April 1, 2014 as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware. We have filed an election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We have also elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under the Code for the taxable year ending December 31, 2015 and subsequent years. We are required to continue to meet the minimum distribution and other requirements for RIC qualification. As such, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest. 
 Each investor was required to enter into a subscription agreement in connection with its Commitment (a Subscription Agreement ). Under the terms of the subscription agreements, the Company may generally draw down all or any portion of the undrawn commitment with respect to each Common Unit upon at least ten business days prior written notice to the Common Unitholders. Investors have entered into subscription agreements for 20,134,698 Common Units of the Company issued and outstanding representing a total of 2.013 billion of committed capital. On July 11, 2022, our Members approved a reduction in Undrawn Commitments by 10.43 per unit, resulting in an approximately 41.18 reduction of overall remaining available capital commitments. 
 We have two wholly-owned subsidiaries - TCW DL VI Funding I, LLC and TCW DL CTH, LLC, each of which is a Delaware limited liability company designed to hold an equity investment of ours. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income and capital appreciation by providing private capital to middle market companies operating in a broad range of industries primarily in the United States. As our investment period has ended, we will not originate new loans, but may increase credit facilities to existing borrowers or affiliates. Our highly negotiated private investments may include senior secured loans, unsecured senior loans, subordinated and mezzanine loans, convertible securities, equity securities, and equity-linked securities such as options and warrants. However, our investment bias has been towards adjustable-rate, senior secured loans. We do not anticipate a secondary market developing for our private investments. The investment philosophy, strategy and approach of the private credit team of the Adviser (the Private Credit Team fka the Direct Lending Team has generally not involved the use of payment-in-kind PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity, or similar arrangements. Although the Private Credit Team generally did not originate a significant amount of investments for us with PIK interest features, from time to time we made, and currently have, investments that contain such features, usually due to certain circumstances involving debt restructurings or work-outs of current investments. 
 We are primarily focused on investing in senior secured debt obligations, although there may be occasions where the investment may be unsecured. We also consider an equity investment as the primary security, in combination with a debt obligation, or as a part of total return strategy. Our investments are mostly in corporations, partnerships or other business entities. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we may co-invest with other investors and/or strategic partners through indirect investments in portfolio companies through a joint venture vehicle, partnership or other special purpose vehicle (each, an Investment Vehicle ). While we invest primarily in U.S. companies, there are certain instances where we invested in companies domiciled elsewhere. 
 Expenses 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided through the Administration Agreement and the Advisory Agreement. 
 31 

We will bear (including by reimbursing the Adviser or Administrator) all costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, without limitation, organizational and offering expenses, management fees, costs of reporting required under applicable securities laws, legal fees of our counsel and accounting fees. However, we will not bear (a) more than an amount equal to 10 basis points of the aggregate Commitments for organization and offering expenses in connection with the offering of Common Units through the Closing Period and (b) more than an amount equal to 12.5 basis points of the aggregate Commitments per annum (pro-rated for partial years) for our Operating Expenses, including amounts paid to the Administrator under the Administration Agreement and reimbursement of expenses to the Adviser and its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cap on Operating Expenses does not apply to payments of the Management Fee, Incentive Fee, organizational and offering expenses (which are subject to the separate cap described above), amounts payable in connection with our borrowings (including interest, bank fees, legal fees and other transactional expenses related to any borrowing or borrowing facility and similar costs), costs and expenses relating to our liquidation of the Company, taxes, or extraordinary expenses (such as litigation expenses and indemnification payments to either the Adviser or the Administrator). All expenses that we will not bear will be borne by the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Investments which we hold for which market quotes are not readily available or are not considered reliable are valued at fair value according to procedures approved by our Board of Directors based on similar instruments, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. On May 12, 2022, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Board designated the Adviser as the valuation designee with respect to the fair valuation of the Company's portfolio securities, subject to oversight by and periodic reporting to the Board. Prior to this date, fair valuations were approved by the Board in accordance with the Company's valuation policy. 
 Fair Value Hierarchy: Assets and liabilities are classified by us into three levels based on valuation inputs used to determine fair value. 
 Level 1 values are based on unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 Level 2 values are based on significant observable market inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets and quoted prices in inactive markets or other market observable inputs. 
 Level 3 values are based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect our determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the assets. 
 Categorization within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation levels are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. 
 Level 1 Assets (Investments): The valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value are as follows: 
 Equity, (Level 1), includes common stock valued at the closing price on the primary exchange in which the security trades. 
 Level 3 Assets (Investments): The following valuation techniques and significant inputs are used to determine the fair value of investments in private debt for which reliable market quotations are not available. Some of the inputs are independently observable; however, a significant portion of the inputs and the internal assumptions applied are unobservable. 
 Debt, (Level 3), include investments in privately originated senior secured debt. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A discounted cash flow approach incorporating a weighted average cost of capital is generally used to determine fair value or, in some cases, an enterprise value waterfall method. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. Standard 
 32 

pricing inputs include but are not limited to the financial health of the issuer, place in the capital structure, value of other issuer debt, credit, industry, and market risk and events. 
 Equity, (Level 3), includes common stock, preferred stock and warrants. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value. Pricing inputs include, but are not limited to, financial health and relevant business developments of the issuer; EBITDA; market multiples of comparable companies; comparable market transactions and recent trades or transactions; issuer, industry and market events; and contractual or legal restrictions on the sale of the security. A liquidity discount based on current market expectations, future events, minority ownership position and the period management reasonably expects to hold the investment may be applied. 
 Net Asset Value NAV (Investment Funds and Vehicles): Equity investments in affiliated investment fund (TCW Strategic Ventures) are valued based on the net asset value reported by the investment fund. Investments held by the affiliated fund include debt investments in privately originated senior secured debt. Such investments held by the affiliated fund are valued using the same methods, approach and standards applied above to debt investments held by the Company. The Company s ability to withdraw from the fund is subject to restrictions. The term of the fund will continue until June 5, 2021 unless dissolved earlier or extended for two additional one-year periods by the Company, in its full discretion. The Company can further extend the term of the fund for additional one-year periods, upon notice to and consent from the funds management committee. On February 25, 2021, Company extended the fund s term one additional year, until June 5, 2022. On February 1, 2022, the Company further extended the fund's term to June 5, 2023.The Company is entitled to income and principal distributed by the fund. 
 Investment Activity 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of debt and equity investments in eight and eight portfolio companies, respectively, including TCW Strategic Ventures. Based on fair values as of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was comprised of 67.9 debt investments which were primarily senior secured, first lien term loans and 32.1 equity investments, which were primarily common and preferred stocks; warrants; and our common and preferred membership interests in TCW Strategic Ventures. Debt investments in three portfolio companies were on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022, representing 6.6 and 18.8 of our portfolio s fair value and cost, respectively. 
 Based on fair values as of December 31, 2021, our portfolio consisted of debt and equity investments in eight and seven portfolio companies, respectively, including TCW Strategic Ventures. Our portfolio was comprised of 69.0 debt investments which were primarily senior secured, first lien term loans and 31.0 equity investments, which were primarily common and preferred stocks; warrants; and our common and preferred membership interests in TCW Strategic Ventures. Debt investments in three portfolio companies were on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2021, representing 16.3 and 19.2 of our portfolio s fair value and cost, respectively. 
 The table below describes our debt and equity investments and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio assets by industry as of December 31, 2022: 

Industry 
 
 Percent of Total Investments 

Industrial Conglomerates 

24 

Metals Mining 

19 

Diversified Consumer Services 

16 

Investment Funds Vehicles 

16 

Pharmaceuticals 

8 

Household Durables 

6 

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

6 

Distributors 

4 

Diversified Financial Services 

1 

Technologies Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 

0 

Total 

100 

33 

Results of Operations 
 Our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Total investment income 

43,224 

47,832 

102,407 

Total expenses 

13,068 

12,129 

21,946 

Net investment income 

30,156 

35,703 

80,461 

Net realized loss on investments 

(51,828) 

(3,492) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

13,192 

120,141 

(71,289) 

Net realized gain on short-term investments 

63 

13 

17 

Net increase in Members Capital from operations 

43,411 

104,029 

5,697 

Total investment income 
 Total investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 43.2 million, 47.8 million and 102.4 million, respectively, and was comprised of the following (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income 

13,499 

25,045 

47,102 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

24,367 

15,362 

32,912 

Dividend income 

5,200 

7,200 

22,217 

Other fee income 

158 

225 

176 

Total investment income 

43,224 

47,832 

102,407 

The decrease in total investment income during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 compared to the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was primarily due to lower aggregate interest income and interest income paid-in-kind from our debt investments driven by the decrease in the average par value of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as lower dividend income from TCW Strategic Ventures. The average par value of debt (based on the ending balance of each month of the year) was 437.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 531.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The decrease in total investment income during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively, was primarily due to lower total interest income and interest income paid-in-kind from our debt investments driven by the decrease in the size of our debt portfolio during the year, as well as lower dividend income from TCW Strategic Ventures. 
 Net investment income 
 Our net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 30.2 million, 35.7 million and 80.5 million, respectively. 
 The decrease in net investment income during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to lower total investment income as described above coupled with higher total expenses. The increase in total expenses was primarily attributable to higher interest and credit facility expenses and higher other expenses partially offset by lower management fees. The increase in interest and credit facility expenses and other expenses is due to our higher average debt outstanding balance and weighted average interest rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The 
 34 

decrease in management fees during the current year is due to the decrease in the investment cost basis for which the first quarter management fees are based on during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The management fees during the first quarter of the year ended December 31, 2021 were calculated based on the cost of investments as of December 31, 2020 which was 810.3 million compared to the management fee calculated during the first quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022 which was based on the cost of investments as of December 31, 2021 which was 540.9 million. 
 The decrease in net investment income during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to lower total investment income partially offset by lower total expenses. The decrease in total expenses was primarily attributable to lower interest and credit facility expenses, and lower management fees. The decrease in interest and credit facility expenses is commensurate with our lower average debt outstanding balance during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in management fees during the year ended December 31, 2021 is commensurate with the overall decrease in the size of our portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Total expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Expenses 

Interest and credit facility expenses 

5,648 

4,777 

11,863 

Management fees 

4,015 

5,293 

7,511 

Interest expense on repurchase transactions 

1,566 

152 

40 

Professional fees 

679 

610 

931 

Administrative fees 

629 

766 

942 

Directors fees 

327 

320 

320 

Other expenses 

204 

211 

339 

Total expenses 

13,068 

12,129 

21,946 

Our total expenses were 13.1 million, 12.1 million and 21.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our operating expenses included management fees attributed to the Adviser of 4.0 million, 5.3 million and 7.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As previously described, the increase in total expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to higher interest and credit facility expenses and interest expense on repurchase transactions partially offset by lower management fees. The increase in interest and credit facility expenses and interest expense on repurchase transactions is due to our higher average debt outstanding balance and higher weighted average interest rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in management fees during the current year is due to the decrease in the investment cost basis for which the first quarter management fees are based on during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The management fees during the first quarter of the year ended December 31, 2021 were calculated based on the cost of investments as of December 31, 2020 which was 810.3 million compared to the management fee calculated during the first quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022 which was based on the cost of investments as of December 31, 2021 which was 540.9 million. 
 As previously described, the decrease in total expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to lower interest and credit facility expenses, and lower management fees. The decrease in interest and credit facility expenses is commensurate with our lower average debt outstanding balance during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The decrease in management fees during the year ended December 31, 2021 is commensurate with the overall decrease in the size of our portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 35 

Net realized loss on investments 
 Our net realized loss on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 0, 51.8 million and 3.5 million, respectively. 
 The Company did not have any realized gain or loss on investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 as no investments were disposed of during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our net realized loss on investments during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the following investments (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Issuer 
 
 Investment 
 
 Realized Gain (Loss) 

Carrier Technology Holdings, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

(41,407) 

Guardia LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

(10,057) 

Guardia LLC 
 
 Revolver 

(7,362) 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (fka RTI Holding Company, LLC) 
 
 Warrants 

(1,380) 

Frontier Spinning Mills, Inc. 
 
 Term Loan 

3,450 

Quantum Corporation 
 
 Common Stock 

4,414 

All others 
 
 Various 

514 

Net Realized Loss 

(51,828) 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology Solutions, LLC) and Carrier Technology Holdings, LLC are related entities that formerly comprised a single portfolio company in which the Company had an investment in. 
 Includes reversals of previously recognized unrealized appreciation/(depreciation). 
 Our net realized loss on investments during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily due to the dispositions of our term loan to SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty Inc.); our common stock in Verus Financial, LLC; and our Class A equity interest in Animal Supply Holdings, LLC. These resulted in an aggregate realized loss of 5.5 million and were partially offset by 2.1 million of realized gains from the disposition of our term loan to Bumble Bee Holdings, Inc. 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 
 Our net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 13.2 million, 120.1 million and 71.3) million, respectively. 
 Our net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to the following investments (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 
 36 

Issuer 
 
 Investment 
 
 Change in Unrealized Appreciation/ (Depreciation) 

H-D Advanced Manufacturing Company 
 
 Term Loan 

33,767 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) 
 
 Common Stock 

27,419 

TCW DLSV LLC 
 
 Preferred membership Interests 

12,447 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) 
 
 Class B Preferred Stock 

3,839 

Animal Supply Company, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

(2,048) 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC 
 
 Class D Preferred Units 

(2,262) 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC 
 
 Subordinated Loan 

(4,248) 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC 
 
 Class A Preferred Units 

(4,503) 

Quantum Corporation 
 
 Common Stock 

(7,825) 

Pace Industries, Inc. 
 
 HoldCo Term Loan 

(42,162) 

All others 
 
 Various 

(1,232) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

13,192 

Our net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the following investments (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Issuer 
 
 Investment 
 
 Change in Unrealized Appreciation/ (Depreciation) 

Carrier Technology Holdings, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

42,546 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (fka RTI Holding Company, LLC) 
 
 Class A Units 

15,726 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 
 Preferred membership Interests 

13,125 

OTG Management, LLC 
 
 Term Loans 

15,193 

Guardia LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

9,388 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

7,708 

Pace Industries, Inc. 
 
 Term Loan 

7,285 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC 
 
 Class A Preferred Units 

6,658 

Guardia LLC 
 
 Revolver 

4,825 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC 
 
 Warrants 

3,477 

Noramco, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

2,858 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC 
 
 Class D Preferred Units 

2,262 

Quantum Corporation 
 
 Common Stock 

(3,275) 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC (fka ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC) 
 
 Subordinated Loan 

(5,095) 

H-D Advanced Manufacturing Company 
 
 Term Loan 

(6,580) 

All others 
 
 Various 

4,040 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

120,141 

Includes reversals of previously recognized unrealized appreciation/(depreciation). 
 Our net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to the following investments (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 
 37 

Issuer 
 
 Investment 
 
 Change in Unrealized Appreciation/ (Depreciation) 

H-D Advanced Manufacturing Company 
 
 Term Loan 

(30,539) 

OTG Management, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

(17,824) 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 
 Preferred Membership Interests 

(10,836) 

ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC 
 
 Term Loans 

(8,102) 

Pace Industries, Inc. 
 
 Term Loans 

(7,802) 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology Solutions, LLC) 
 
 Term Loan 

(5,473) 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology Solutions, LLC) 
 
 Revolver 

(4,598) 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) 
 
 Preferred Stock 

(4,033) 

Quantum Corporation 
 
 Common Stock 

(3,472) 

Pace Industries, Inc. 
 
 Common Stock 

(2,111) 

RTI Holding Company, LLC 
 
 Warrants 

(1,007) 

ENA Holding Corporation 
 
 Term Loan 

1,281 

Intren, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

1,562 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) 
 
 Term Loan 

1,637 

KPI Holding LLC 
 
 Warrant 

1,692 

Cedar Ultimate Parent LLC 
 
 Preferred Membership Interests 

7,916 

Noramco, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

12,538 

All others 
 
 Various 

(2,118) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

(71,289) 

Our net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) during the year ended December 31, 2020 was affected by significant business disruptions and various other consequences experienced by our portfolio companies due to the uncertainty and economic volatility caused by COVID-19; in addition to other business conditions unique to our respective issuers. 
 Net realized gain on short-term investments 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we earned 0.1 million, 13 thousand and 17 thousand, respectively, in realized gains from our short-term investments in government treasuries. 
 Net increase in members capital from operations 
 Our net increase in members capital from operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 43.4 million, 104.0 million and 5.7 million, respectively. 
 The relative decrease during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the higher net unrealized depreciation on investments coupled with lower net investment income and partially offset by lower net realized loss on investments. 
 The relative increase during the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to the higher net unrealized appreciation on investments, partially offset by lower net investment income and higher net realized loss on investments. 
 The relative decrease during the year ended December 31, 2020 is primarily due to the higher net realized and unrealized loss on investments coupled with lower net investment income. 
 Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 On June 5, 2015, the Company, together with an affiliate of Security Benefit Corporation and accounts managed by Oak Hill Advisors, L.P., entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Agreement to become members of TCW Strategic Ventures. TCW Strategic Ventures focuses primarily on making senior secured floating rate loans to middle-market borrowers. The Agreement was effective June 5, 2015. 
 38 

The Company s capital commitment is 481.6 million, representing approximately 80 of the preferred and common equity ownership of TCW Strategic Ventures, with the third-party investors representing the remaining capital commitments and preferred and common equity ownership. A portion of the Company s capital commitment was satisfied by the contribution of two loans to TCW Strategic Ventures. TCW Strategic Ventures also entered into a revolving credit facility to finance a portion of certain eligible investments on June 5, 2015. The revolving credit facility is for up to 600 million. TCW Strategic Ventures is managed by a management committee comprised of two members, one appointed by the Company and one appointed by Oak Hill Advisors, L.P. All decisions of the management committee require unanimous approval of its members. Neither the Company, nor the Adviser will receive management fees from this entity. Although the Company owns more than 25 of the voting securities of TCW Strategic Ventures, the Company does not believe that it has control over TCW Strategic Ventures (other than for purposes of the 1940 Act). The Company s ability to withdraw from the fund is subject to restrictions. 
 On April 30, 2021, TCW Strategic Ventures revolving credit facility was terminated. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On March 19, 2015 we completed the final private placement of Common Units. We generate cash from (1) drawing down capital in respect of Common Units, (2) cash flows from investments and operations and (3) borrowings from banks or other lenders. 
 Our primary use of cash is for (1) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (2) the cost of operations (including expenses, management fees, incentive fees, and any indemnification obligations), (3) debt service of any borrowings and (4) cash distributions to the Common Unitholders. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, aggregate Commitments, Undrawn Commitments and subscribed for Units of the Company are as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Commitments 

1,803,465 

2,013,470 

2,013,470 

Undrawn commitments 

199,120 

409,125 

409,125 

Percentage of commitments funded 

89.0 

79.7 

79.7 

Units 

18,034,649 

20,134,698 

20,134,698 

Natixis Credit Agreement 
 We have a secured revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with Natixis, New York Branch Natixis as administrative agent and committed lender. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit line of up to 750 million (the Maximum Commitment (the Credit Facility ), subject to the lesser of the Borrowing Base assets or the Maximum Commitment (the Available Commitment ). The Borrowing Base assets generally equal the sum of (a) a percentage of certain eligible investments in a controlled account, (b) a percentage of unfunded commitments from certain eligible investors in the Company and (c) cash in a controlled account. The Credit Agreement is generally secured by the Borrowing Base assets. 
 On April 10, 2017, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement. Under the April 10, 2017 Credit Agreement borrowings bear interest at a rate equal to either the (a) adjusted eurodollar rate calculated in a customary manner plus 2.35 , (b) commercial paper rate plus 2.35 , or (c) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (using the higher of the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , the Prime Rate and the Floating LIBOR Rate plus 1.00 plus 1.35 . Moreover, the Credit Agreement s stated maturity date was extended from November 10, 2017 to April 10, 2020. 
 On April 6, 2020, we entered into a First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ), with Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit line of up to 375.0 million (with an option for us to increase this amount to 450.0 million subject to consent of the lenders and satisfaction of 
 39 

certain other conditions), subject to the available borrowing base, which is generally the sum of (a) a percentage of certain eligible investments, (b) a percentage of remaining unfunded commitments from certain eligible investors in the Company and (c) cash in a controlled account. The Amended Credit Agreement is generally secured by the unfunded commitments (together with the recallable amounts) of our investors, portfolio investments and substantially all other assets of the Company. The stated maturity date of the Amended Credit Agreement was April 9, 2021, which date (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions) could have been extended by the Company for up to an additional 364 days. Borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement bore interest at a rate equal to either (a) adjusted eurodollar rate calculated in a customary manner plus 2.50 , (b) commercial paper rate plus 2.50 , or (c) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (which will never be less than the adjusted eurodollar rate plus 1.00 plus 1.50 , provided however in each case the commercial paper rate and the eurocurrency rate shall have a floor of 1.00 . 
 On May 27, 2020, we entered into a Lender Group Joinder Agreement pursuant to which Zions Bancorporation, N.A. d/b/a California Bank Trust was added as a committed lender (with a commitment of 25.0 million) under the Amended Credit Agreement. Concurrently therewith, we elected to increase the size of our revolving credit line under the Credit Agreement to 400.0 million. On December 29, 2020, we elected to permanently decrease the size of our revolving credit line under the Credit Agreement to 177.0 million. 
 On April 6, 2021, we entered into a Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Agreement (the Third Amended Credit Agreement ). The Third Amended Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit line of up to 177,000, subject to the available borrowing base, which is generally a percentage of remaining unfunded commitments from certain eligible investors in the Company. The Third Amended Credit Agreement is generally secured by the unfunded commitments (together with the recallable amounts) of the Company s investors. The stated maturity date of the Third Amended Credit Agreement is April 8, 2022, which (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions) may be extended by us for up to an additional 364 days. On March 23, 2022, the Company exercised its final extension option, and extended the maturity date of the Third Amended Credit Agreement to April 7, 2023. Borrowings under the Third Amended Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to either (a) adjusted eurodollar rate calculated in a customary manner plus 1.95 , (b) commercial paper rate plus 1.95 , or (c) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (which will never be less than the adjusted eurodollar rate plus 1.00 plus 0.95 , provided however in each case the CP Rate and the Eurocurrency Rate shall have a floor of 0.00 . The Credit Facility may be terminated, and any outstanding amounts thereunder may become due and payable, should the Company fail to satisfy certain covenants. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with such covenants. 
 A summary of our contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 Total Facility Commitment 

Borrowings Outstanding 

Available Amount (1) 

Total Debt Obligations December 31, 2022 

177,000 

126,250 

50,750 

Total Debt Obligations December 31, 2021 

177,000 

115,250 

61,750 

(1) The amount available considers any limitations related to the debt facility borrowing. 
 The carrying amount of the Credit Facility, which is categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximates its fair value. Valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value include Company details, credit, market and liquidity risk and events, financial health of the Company, place in the capital structure, interest rate and terms and conditions of the Credit Facility. We incurred financing costs of 10.1 million in connection with the April 10, 2017 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement. We also incurred additional financing costs totaling 1.8 million in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement on April 6, 2020 and May 27, 2020 as well as an additional 0.9 million in connection with the April 6, 2021 Third Amended Credit Agreement. We recorded these costs as deferred financing costs on its Consolidated Statements of Asset and Liabilities and the costs are being amortized over the life of the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 0.1 million and 0.5 million, respectively, of such prepaid deferred financing costs had yet to be amortized. 
 40 

The summary information regarding the Credit Facility for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Credit facility interest expense 

4,484 

2,842 

9,162 

Undrawn commitment fees 

240 

250 

1,162 

Administrative fees 

67 

65 

65 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

857 

1,620 

1,474 

Total 

5,648 

4,777 

11,863 

Weighted average interest rate 

3.76 

2.43 

3.57 

Average outstanding balance 

117,768 

115,250 

252,629 

If our ratio of aggregate fair value of all eligible portfolio assets (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to the principal amount outstanding Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets falls below 150 , a mandatory prepayment provision is triggered in the Credit Agreement requiring us to utilize all cash receipts attributable to the eligible portfolio assets as a prepayment to the outstanding principal obligation, within five days of collecting such cash receipts, until such a time when the Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets exceeds 150 . Our Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets exceeded 150 on January 10, 2020 through March 26, 2020. On March 27, 2020, our Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets fell below 150 . However, in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement executed on April 6, 2020, the mandatory repayment was waived by Natixis. Our Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets has exceeded 150 since April 6, 2020. 
 We may, from time to time, enter into repurchase agreements with Barclays Bank PLC Barclays ), whereby we sell to Barclays our short-term investments and concurrently enter into an agreement to repurchase the same investments at an agreed-upon price at a future date, generally within 30-days (the Repurchase Transaction ). 
 In accordance with ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing , these Repurchase Transactions meet the criteria for secured borrowings. Accordingly, the short-term investments remain on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as an asset, and we record a liability to reflect our repurchase obligation to Barclays (the Repurchase Obligation ). The Repurchase Obligation is secured by the short-term investments that are the subject of the repurchase agreement. 
 We had no outstanding Repurchase Obligations as December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense incurred under these Repurchase Transactions was 1.6 million, 0.2 million, and 40 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 We had the following unfunded commitments and unrealized losses by investment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollar amounts in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Unfunded Commitments 
 
 Maturity/ Expiration 
 
 Amount 

Unrealized Depreciation 

Amount 

Unrealized Depreciation 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC 
 
 November 2025 

4,981 

Ruby Tuesday Operations LLC (fka Ruby Tuesday, Inc.) 
 
 February 2025 

4,921 

6,824 

Pace Industries, Inc. 
 
 June 2025 

2,086 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology Solutions, LLC) 
 
 July 2023 

190 

138 

Total 

11,988 

7,014 

138 

The Company s total capital commitment to its underlying investment in Strategic Ventures is 481,600. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s unfunded commitment to Strategic Ventures was 219,646. 
 In accordance with our Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, we may make follow-on investments up to an aggregate maximum of 10 of Capital Commitments (as defined in our Second 
 41 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement), provided that any such follow-on investment to be made after September 19, 2020, the third anniversary of the expiration of our commitment period, shall require the prior consent of a majority in interest of our Common Unitholders. 
 In October 2022, our Members approved a proposal to allow us to make pre-identified follow-on investments in specific portfolio companies as well as their holding companies, subsidiaries, successors or other affiliates, up to an aggregate maximum of 10 of Capital Commitments. 
 42 

ITE M 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. At December 31, 2022, 98.8 of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates, such as LIBOR or SOFR. The interest rates on such investments generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to nine months. At December 31, 2022, the percentage of our floating rate debt investments that bore interest based on an interest rate floor was 0.0 . Floating rate investments subject to a floor generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to nine months only if the index exceeds the floor. 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. We assess our portfolio companies periodically to determine whether such companies will be able to continue making interest payments in the event that interest rates increase. There can be no assurances that the portfolio companies will be able to meet their contractual obligations at any or all levels of increases in interest rates. Based on our December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet, the following table shows the annual impact on net investment income (excluding the related incentive compensation impact) of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Up 300 basis points 

11,423 

3,840 

7,583 

Up 200 basis points 

7,615 

2,560 

5,055 

Up 100 basis points 

3,808 

1,280 

2,528 

Down 100 basis points 

(3,808) 

(1,280) 

(2,528) 

Down 200 basis points 

(7,615) 

(2,560) 

(5,055) 

Down 300 basis points 

(11,080) 

(3,840) 

(7,240) 

43 

IT EM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA 
 See the audited financial statements set forth herein commencing on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 IT EM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective, at a reasonable assurance level, in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, we maintained in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to rules established by the SEC, this annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITE M 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 44 

PA RT III 
 ITE M 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 IT EM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITE M 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ITE M 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 IT EM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 45 

PA RT IV 
 ITE M 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 a) List separately all financial statements filed 
 The financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on page F-1 and commence on page F-3. 
 (b) The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or incorporated herein by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 

Exhibits 

3.1 
 Certificate of Formation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to a registration on Form 10 filed on April 18, 2014) 

3.4 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated September 19, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to a filing on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2014) 

10.1 
 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2014). 

10.2 
 Administration Agreement dated September 15, 2014, by and between TCW Direct Lending LLC and TCW Asset Management Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2014). 

10.6 
 Final form of the TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated June 5, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2015). 

10.8 
 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated April 10, 2017, by and among TCW Direct Lending LLC, as borrower, Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent, sole lead arranger and sole book manager, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2017). 

10.10 
 First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated April 6, 2020, by and among TCW Direct Lending LLC, as borrower, Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2020). 

10.11 
 Lender Group Joinder Agreement, dated May 27, 2020 by and among Zions Bancorporation, N.A. d/b/a California Bank Trust, Natixis, New York Branch (as Administrative Agent) and TCW Direct Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2020). 

10.12 
 Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, by and among TCW Direct Lending LLC, as borrower, Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 Certification of President Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 Certification of President Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

46 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 
 ITE M 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 47 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Miller 

Richard T. Miller 

Chairman of the Board, President and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Miller 

Richard T. Miller 

Chairman of the Board, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Laird R. Landmann 

Laird. R Landmann 

Director 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David R. Adler 

David R. Adler 

Director 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ William Cobb 

William Cobb 

Director 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Donald M. Mykrantz 

Donald M. Mykrantz 

Director 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew J. Kim 

Andrew J. Kim 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

48 

TCW Direct Lending LLC 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 14 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 15 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Capital for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 16 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 17 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 18 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Unitholders and the Board of Directors of TCW Direct Lending LLC 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of TCW Direct Lending LLC (the Company ), including the consolidated schedule of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the results of its operations, changes in members capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, and the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Investments, at fair value - Level 3 Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements Refer to Note 3 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company held certain investments with fair values based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect management s determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the investments. These investments are classified as Level 3 investments under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These investments included debt and equity securities, each of which lack observable market prices. Such investments are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value of equity instruments and a discounted cash flow approach or enterprise value waterfall is generally used for debt 
 F- 2 

instruments. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. The fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was 429,387,048 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select appropriate valuation techniques and to use significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of the investment. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs as determined by management. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and increased effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists who possess significant quantitative and modeling expertise, to audit and evaluate the appropriateness of these models and internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs in determining the fair value of these investments. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation techniques and unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of Level 3 investments included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the methods, valuation models, and assumptions for the unobservable inputs used to derive the pricing information as part of the procedures to test the fair value estimates. 

We inspected all investment transactions within 60 days prior and subsequent to year end, if any, and compared the transaction price to the valuation at year end to assess the reasonableness of the valuation at year end. 

We utilized fair value specialists to assist in validating the appropriateness of the valuation techniques and valuation assumptions and to test the valuation by developing an independent expectation. We also assessed the reasonableness of the business assumptions used in the valuation. We developed independent estimates of the fair values and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of any significant changes in valuation techniques or significant unobservable inputs for those investments from the prior year-end. 

Los Angeles, California 
 April 6, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

F- 3 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Investment 
 
 of Net Assets 

Par Amount 

Maturity Date 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

DEBT (1) 

Distributors 

Animal Supply Company, LLC (3) 

Term Loan - inc PIK (SOFR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC (2)(3) 

Subordinated Loan - inc PIK , Fixed Coupon, all PIK) 

Diversified Consumer Services 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (4) 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Diversified Financial Services 

Guardia LLC (2) (3) 

Revolver - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

Ruby Tuesday Operations LLC (4) 

Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, PIK) 

Household Durables 

Cedar Electronics Holdings, Corp. (4) 

Term Loan - (LIBOR + , Floor) 

Cedar Electronics Holdings, Corp. (4) 

Incremental Term Loan - inc PIK , Fixed Coupon, all PIK) 

Industrial Conglomerates 

H-D Advanced Manufacturing Company 

Term Loan - inc PIK (SOFR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Metals Mining 

Pace Industries, Inc. (2) (4) 

HoldCo Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Pace Industries, Inc. (4) 

Term Loan - inc PIK (SOFR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Pace Industries, Inc. (4) 

Revolver - inc PIK (SOFR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Pharmaceuticals 

Noramco, LLC 

Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, PIK) 

Total Debt Investments 

F- 4 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Investment 
 
 of Net Assets 

Shares 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

EQUITY 

Distributors 

Animal Supply Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(5)(8) 
 
 Class A Common 

Diversified Consumer Services 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (2)(4)(6)(8) 
 
 Class A Preferred Stock 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (2)(4)(6)(8) 
 
 Class B Preferred Stock 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (2)(4)(6)(8) 
 
 Common Stock 

PNI Litigation Trust (Guardia LLC) (2)(3) 
 
 Preferred Equity 

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class A Units 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Warrant, expires 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class P-1 Units 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class P-2 Units 

Household Durables 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class A Preferred Units 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class E Common Units 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class D Preferred Units 

Investment Funds Vehicles 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures (2)(4)(7) 
 
 Common membership Interests 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures (4)(7) 
 
 Preferred membership Interests 

Metals Mining 

Pace Industries, Inc. (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Common Stock 

Technologies Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 

Quantum Corporation (2) 
 
 Common Stock 

Total Equity Investments 

Total Debt Equity Investments (9) 

Cash Equivalents 

First American Government Obligation Fund, Yield 

Total Cash Equivalents 

Short-term Investments 

U.S. Treasury Bill, Yield 

Total Short-term Investments 

Total Investments 

Net unrealized depreciation on unfunded commitments 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (- 

() 

Net Assets 

F- 5 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Certain debt investments are subject to contractual restrictions on resale, such as approval of the agent or borrower. 

(2) 

(3) and of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. Fair value as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 in these affiliated investments are as follows: 

ASC Acquisition Holdings LLC Term Loan - 

() 

() 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology, LLC) Revolver - 

() 

PNI Litigation Trust (fka Guardia) Preferred Equity 

() 

Retail and Animal Intermediate Subordinated Loan - 

() 

Total Non-Controlled Affiliated Investments 

() 

() 

(a) 

(b) 

(4) or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. Fair value as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 in these controlled investments are as follows: 

Cedar Electronics Holdings, Corp Term Loan - 

() 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC Class A Preferred Unit 

() 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC Class D Preferred Unit 

() 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC Class E Preferred Unit 

Pace Industries, Inc. Common Stock 

Pace Industries, Inc. Term Loan - 

() 

Pace Industries, Inc. Term Loan - 

() 

Pace Industries, LLC Revolver Opco 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC Class A Unit 

() 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC Warrant 

() 

Ruby Tuesday Operations, LLC Term Loan - 

() 

Ruby Tuesday P-1 Units 

Ruby Tuesday P-2 Units 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Common Stock 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Preferred Stock A 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Preferred Stock B 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Term Loan - 

() 

() 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC Common Membership Interests 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC Preferred Membership Interests 

() 

Total Controlled Affiliated Investments 

() 

() 

F- 6 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) of the company s total assets. As of December 31, 2022, or of the Company s total assets were represented by non-qualifying assets. 

(8) , or of the Company s total assets. 

(9) The fair value of the Quantum Corporation Common Stock held by the Company is based on the quoted market price of the issuer s stock as of December 31, 2022. Such common stock is considered to be a Level 1 security within the Fair Value Hierarchy. Otherwise, the fair value of each debt and equity investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs and such investments are considered to be Level 3 within the Fair Value Hierarchy. See Note 3 Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements. 

F- 7 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 LIBOR	- London Interbank Offered Rate, generally 1-Month or 3-Month 
 SOFR - Secured Overnight Financing Rate, generally 1-Month or 3-Month 
 
 Aggregate acquisitions and aggregate dispositions of investments, other than government securities, totaled and , respectively, for the period ended December 31, 2022. Aggregate acquisitions includes investment assets received as payment in kind. Aggregate dispositions includes principal paydowns on and maturities of debt investments. 

Geographic Breakdown of Portfolio 

United States 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 8 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 Investment 
 
 of Net Assets 

Par Amount 

Maturity Date 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

DEBT (1) 

Distributors 

ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC (3) 

Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC (2)(3) 

Subordinated Loan - inc PIK Fixed Coupon, all PIK) 

Diversified Consumer Services 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (4) 

Term Loan - (LIBOR + , Floor) 

Diversified Financial Services 

Guardia LLC (2)(3) 

Revolver - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

Ruby Tuesday Operations LLC (4) 

Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, PIK) 

Household Durables 

Cedar Electronics Holdings, Corp. (4) 

Term Loan - (LIBOR + , Floor) 

Cedar Electronics Holdings, Corp. (4) 

Incremental Term Loan - inc PIK 0 Fixed Coupon, all PIK) 

Industrial Conglomerates 

H-D Advanced Manufacturing Company 

Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Metals Mining 

Pace Industries, Inc. (2)(4) 

HoldCo Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, all PIK) 

Pace Industries, Inc. (4) 

Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, PIK) 

Pharmaceuticals 

Noramco, LLC 

Term Loan - inc PIK (LIBOR + , Floor, PIK) 

Total Debt Investments 

F- 9 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Investment 
 
 of Net Assets 

Shares 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

EQUITY 

Distributors 

Animal Supply Holdings LLC (2)(3)(5)(8) 
 
 Class A Common 

Diversified Consumer Services 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (2)(4)(6)(8) 
 
 Class A Preferred Stock 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (2)(4)(6)(8) 
 
 Class B Preferred Stock 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) (2)(4)(6)(8) 
 
 Common Stock 

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class A Units 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Warrant, expires 

Household Durables 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class A Preferred Units 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class E Common Units 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Class D Preferred Units 

Investment Funds Vehicles 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures (2)(4)(7) 
 
 Common membership Interests 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures (4)(7) 
 
 Preferred membership Interests 

Metals Mining 

Pace Industries, Inc. (2)(4)(8) 
 
 Common Stock 

Technologies Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 

Quantum Corporation (2) 
 
 Common Stock 

Total Equity Investments 

Total Debt Equity Investments (9) 

Short-term Investments 

U.S. Treasury Bill, Yield 

Total Short-term Investments 

Total Investments 

Net unrealized depreciation on unfunded commitments 

() 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (- 

() 

Net Assets 

Aggregate acquisitions and aggregate dispositions of investments, other than government securities, totaled and , respectively, for the period ended December 31, 2021. Aggregate acquisitions includes investment assets received as payment in kind. Aggregate dispositions includes principal paydowns on and maturities of debt investments. 
 
 F- 10 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (1) 

(2) 

(3) and of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. Fair value as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021 in these affiliated investments are as follows: 

ASC Acquisition Holdings LLC Term Loan - 

() 

Carrier Technology, LLC Common Stock 

Carrier Technology Holdings, LLC Term Loan 

() 

() 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology, LLC) Revolver - 

() 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology Solutions, LLC) Term loan 

() 

Retail and Animal Intermediate Subordinated Loan - 

() 

() 

() 

Total Non-Controlled Affiliated Investments 

() 

() 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

F- 11 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 
 (4) or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. Fair value as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021 in these controlled investments are as follows: 

Cedar Electronics Holdings, Corp Term Loan - 

() 

() 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC Class A Preferred Unit 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC Class D Preferred Unit 

Cedar Ultimate Parent, LLC Class E Preferred Unit 

Pace Industries, Inc. Common Stock 

Pace Industries, Inc. Term Loan - 

() 

Pace Industries, Inc. Term Loan - 

() 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC Class A Unit 

RT Holdings Parent, LLC Warrant 

Ruby Tuesday Operations, LLC Term Loan - 

() 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Common Stock 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Preferred Stock A 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Preferred Stock B 

SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) Term Loan - 

() 

() 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC Common Membership Interests 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC Preferred Membership Interests 

() 

Total Controlled Affiliated Investments 

() 

(a) 

(b) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) of the company s total assets. As of December 31, 2021, or of the Company s total assets were represented by non-qualifying assets. 

(8) , or of the Company s total assets. 

(9) 

F- 12 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate, generally 1-Month or 3-Month 
 PRIME	- Prime Rate 

Country Breakdown Portfolio 

United States 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 13 

TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Consolid ated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Investments, at fair value 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Non-controlled affiliated investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Controlled affiliated investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Interest receivable 

Deferred financing costs 

Prepaid and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Payable for short-term investments purchased 

Credit facility payable 

Management fees payable 

Interest and credit facility expense payable 

Unrealized depreciation on unfunded commitments 

Other accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Members Capital 

Common Unitholders commitment: and units issued and outstanding, respectively) 

Common Unitholders undrawn commitment: and units issued and outstanding, respectively) 

() 

() 

Common Unitholders return of capital 

() 

() 

Common Unitholders offering costs 

() 

() 

Accumulated Common Unitholders tax reclassification 

() 

() 

Common Unitholders capital 

Accumulated loss 

() 

() 

Total Members Capital 

Total Liabilities and Members Capital 

Net Asset Value Per Unit (accrual base) (Note 9) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 14 

TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Con solidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Investment Income 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

Dividend income 

Other fee income 

Non-controlled affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

Other fee income 

Controlled affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

Dividend income 

Other fee income 

Total investment income 

Expenses 

Interest and credit facility expenses 

Management fees 

Interest expense on repurchase transactions 

Professional fees 

Administrative fees 

Directors fees 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Net realized (loss) gain: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Controlled affiliated investments 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

() 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Controlled affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Net realized gain on short-term investments 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

() 

Net increase in Members Capital from operations 

Basic and diluted: 

Income per unit 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 15 

TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Conso lidated Statements of Changes in Members Capital 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

Common Unitholders Capital 

Accumulated Earnings (Loss) 

Total 

Members Capital at December 31, 2019 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Members Capital Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized loss on investments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Distributions to Members from: 

Distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Return of capital 

() 

() 

Total Decrease in Members Capital for the year ended December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification of Members' Capital 

() 

Members Capital at December 31, 2020 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Members Capital Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized loss on investments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

Distributions to Members from: 

Distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Return of capital 

() 

() 

Total (Decrease) Increase in Members Capital for the year ended December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Tax reclassification of Members' Capital 

() 

Members Capital at December 31, 2021 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Members Capital Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain on investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

Distributions to Members from: 

Distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Return of capital 

() 

() 

Total (Decrease) Increase in Members Capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 

() 

Tax reclassification of Members' Capital 

() 

Members Capital at December 31, 2022 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 16 

TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Cons olidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile the net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income paid in-kind 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments 

Proceeds from sales of short-term investments 

Net realized loss on investments 

Change in net unrealized (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 

() 

() 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Increase (decrease) in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in interest receivable 

() 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid and other assets 

() 

Increase (decrease) in payable for short-term investments purchased 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in interest and credit facility expense payable 

() 

Increase (decrease) in management fees payable 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in other accrued expenses and liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Return of capital 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions to Members 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred financing costs paid 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from credit facility 

Repayments of credit facility 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental and non-cash financing activities 

Interest expense paid 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F- 17 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 and converted to a Delaware limited liability company on April 1, 2014. The Company conducted a private offering of its limited liability company units (the Common Units to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In addition, the Company may issue preferred units, though it currently has no intention to do so. The Company has engaged TCW Asset Management Company LLC TAMCO ), an affiliate of The TCW Group, Inc. TCW to be its adviser (the Adviser ). On May 13, 2014 Inception Date ), the Company sold and issued Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of to TAMCO. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). The Company has also elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a Regulated Investment Company (a RIC under Subchapter M of the U.S Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for the taxable year ending December 31, 2015 and subsequent years. The Company is required to meet the minimum distribution and other requirements for RIC qualification and as a BDC and a RIC, the Company is required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has two wholly-owned subsidiaries - TCW DL VI Funding I, LLC and TCW DL CTH, LLC each a Delaware limited liability company and each designed to hold an equity investment of the Company's. These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Term: The initial term of the Company continued until the sixth anniversary of the Initial Closing Date (as defined below), September 19, 2020. The Company may extend the term for additional periods upon written notice to the holders of the Common Units and holders of preferred units, if any, (collectively the Unitholders or Members at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the term or the end of the first one-year period. Thereafter, the term may be extended for successive periods, with the vote or consent of a supermajority in interest of the holders of the Common Units. On April 30, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved the second one year extension of the Company s term from September 19, 2021 to September 19, 2022. On July 11, 2022 the term of the Company was extended for a one-year period from September 19, 2022 to September 19, 2023 via a supermajority vote of the Unitholders. Commitment Period: subsequent to the expiration date of the Commitment Period. The Company may also effect follow-on investments up to an aggregate maximum of of Capital Commitments (as defined below), provided that any such follow-on investment to be made after the third anniversary of the expiration of the Commitment Period shall require the prior consent of a majority in interest of the Common Unitholders. In October 2022, the Company s Members approved a proposal to allow the Company to make pre-identified follow-on investments in specific portfolio companies as well as their holding companies, subsidiaries, successors or other affiliates, up to an aggregate maximum of of Capital Commitments. Capital Commitments: On September 19, 2014 the Initial Closing Date ), the Company began accepting subscription agreements from investors for the private sale of its Common Units. On March 19, 2015, the Company completed its final private placement of its Common Units. Subscription agreements with commitments Commitments from investors (each a Common Unitholder totaling for the purchase of Common Units were accepted. Each Common Unitholder is obligated to contribute capital equal to their Commitment and each Unit s Commitment obligation is per unit. The amount of capital that remains to be drawn down and contributed is referred to as an Undrawn Commitment . On July 11, 2022 the Company s Members approved a reduction in Undrawn Commitments by per unit, resulting in an approximately reduction of overall remaining available capital commitments. 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation (Continued) The commitment amount funded does not include amounts contributed in anticipation of a potential investment that the Company did not consummate and therefore returned to the Members as unused capital. 

Recallable Amount: A Common Unitholder may be required to re-contribute amounts distributed equal to of the principal amount or the cost portion of any Portfolio Investment that is fully repaid to or otherwise fully recouped by the Company within one year of the Company s investment. The Recallable Amount is excluded from the calculation of the accrual based net asset value. The Recallable Amount as of December 31, 2022 was . 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) The Company has entered into certain intercreditor agreements that entitle the Company to the last out tranche of first lien secured loans, whereby the first out tranche will receive priority as to the last out tranche with respect to payments of principal, interest, and any other amounts due thereunder. In certain cases, the Company may receive a higher interest rate than the contractual stated interest rate as disclosed on the Company s Consolidated Schedule of Investments. Certain investments have an unfunded loan commitment for a delayed draw term loan or revolving credit. The Company earns an unused commitment fee on the unfunded commitment during the commitment period. The expiration date of the commitment period may be earlier than the maturity date of the investment stated above. See Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies. Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. The Company may make exceptions to this policy if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 
 were expensed as incurred. Offering costs totaling were accumulated and charged directly to Members Capital on March 19, 2015, the end of the period during which Common Units were offered (the Closing Period ). The Company did not bear more than an amount equal to basis points of the aggregate capital commitments of the Company for organization and offering expenses. 

for certain reference rate-related contract modifications that occur during the period March 12, 2020 through . 2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) In January 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) ASU 2021-01 ). ASU 2021-01 is an update of ASU 2020-04, which is in response to concerns about structural risks of interbank offered rates, and particularly the risk of cessation of LIBOR; regulators have undertaken reference rate reform initiatives to identify alternative reference rates that are more observable or transaction based and less susceptible to manipulation. ASU 2020-04 provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. ASU 2020-04 is elective and applies to all entities, subject to meeting certain criteria, that have contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The ASU 2021-01 update clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. The amendments in this update are immediately through , for all entities. The optional guidance and practical expedients in ASU 2020-04 and 2021-01 are not applicable to the Company and therefore have a material impact to the consolidated financial statements. In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions ASU 2022-03 ). ASU 2022-03 (1) clarifies the guidance in ASC 820 on the fair value measurement of an equity security that is subject to a contractual sale restriction and (2) requires specific disclosures related to such an equity security. ASU 2022-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods within that fiscal year, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2022-03 on the consolidated financial statements. 

3. Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements (Continued) Level 3 Assets (Investments): The following valuation techniques and significant inputs are used to determine the fair value of investments in private debt and equity for which reliable market quotations are not available. Some of the inputs are independently observable however, a significant portion of the inputs and the internal assumptions applied are unobservable. Debt, (Level 3) , include investments in privately originated senior secured debt. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A discounted cash flow approach incorporating a weighted average cost of capital is generally used to determine fair value or, in some cases, an enterprise value waterfall method. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. Standard pricing inputs include but are not limited to the financial health of the issuer, place in the capital structure, value of other issuer debt, credit, industry, and market risk and events. Equity , (Level 3), includes common stock, preferred stock and warrants. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value. Pricing inputs include, but are not limited to, financial health and relevant business developments of the issuer; EBITDA; market multiples of comparable companies; comparable market transactions and recent trades or transactions; issuer, industry and market events; and contractual or legal restrictions on the sale of the security. When a Black-Scholes pricing model is used it follows the income approach. The pricing model takes into account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs, including: time value, implied volatility, equity prices and interest rates. A liquidity discount based on current market expectations, future events, minority ownership position and the period management reasonably expects to hold the investment may be applied. Pricing inputs and weightings applied to determine value require subjective determination. Accordingly, valuations do not necessarily represent the amounts that may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments. 3. Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements (Continued) Net Asset Value NAV (Investment Funds and Vehicles): Equity investments in affiliated investment fund (Strategic Ventures) are valued based on the NAV reported by the investment fund. Investments held by the affiliated fund include debt investments in privately originated senior secured debt. Such investments held by the affiliated fund are valued using the same methods, approach and standards applied above to debt investments held by the Company. The Company s ability to withdraw from the fund is subject to restrictions. The term of the fund will continue until June 5, 2021 unless dissolved earlier or extended for two additional one-year periods by the Company, in its full discretion. The Company can further extend the term of the fund for additional one-year periods. upon notice to and consent from the fund s management committee. On February 25, 2021, Company extended the fund s term one additional year, until June 5, 2022. The Company is entitled to income and principal distributed by the fund. 

Equity 

Investment Funds Vehicles (1) 

Short- term investments 

Cash equivalents 

Total 

(1) Includes equity investments in Strategic Ventures. In accordance with ASC Topic 820-10, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

 The following is a summary by major security type of the fair valuations according to inputs used in valuing investments listed in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021: 

Investments 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

NAV 

Total 

Debt 

Equity 

Investment Funds Vehicles (1) 

Short- term investments 

Total 

(1) 

Purchases, including payments received in-kind 

Sales and paydowns of investments 

() 

() 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Change in net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) in investments held as of December 31, 2022 

() 

3. Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

Debt 

Equity 

Total 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

Purchases, including payments received in-kind 

Sales and paydowns of investments 

() 

() 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net 

Net realized losses 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Change in net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) in investments held as of December 31, 2021 

The Company did not have any transfers between levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Level 3 Valuation and Quantitative Information: 

Income Method 
 
 Discount Rate 
 
 to 

Decrease 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 Indicative Bid 
 
 to 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 Indicative Bid 
 
 to 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 
 
 Weighted based on fair value 3. Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements (Continued) The following table summarizes the valuation techniques and quantitative information utilized in determining the fair value of the Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2021. 

Investment Type 
 
 Fair Value 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range 
 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Impact to Valuation if Input Increases 

Debt 

Income Method 
 
 Discount Rate 
 
 to 

Decrease 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 Indicative Bid 
 
 to 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 x to x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 
 
 Weighted based on fair value 
 Unless noted, the Company generally utilizes the midpoint of a valuation range provided by an external, independent valuation firm. 

 and will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and (ii) the vote of a majority of the independent directors of the Board. On August 11, 2022, the Company s Board reapproved the Advisory Agreement. Management Fee : Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, and subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Adviser will manage the Company s day-to-day operations and provide investment advisory services to the Company. The Company will pay to the Adviser, quarterly in advance, a management fee (the Management Fee calculated as follows: (i) for the period starting on the initial closing date and ending on the earlier of (A) the last day of the calendar quarter during which the Commitment Period (as defined below) ends or (B) the last day of the calendar quarter during which the Adviser or an affiliate thereof begins to accrue a management fee with respect to a successor fund, (i.e., per annum) of the aggregate commitments determined as of the end of the Closing Period, and (ii) for each calendar quarter thereafter during the term of the Company (but not beyond the tenth anniversary of the initial closing date), (i.e., per annum) of the aggregate cost basis (whether acquired by the Company with contributions from members, other Company funds or borrowings) of all portfolio investments that have not been sold, distributed to the members, or written off for tax purposes (but reduced by any portion of such cost basis that has been written down to reflect a permanent impairment of value of any portfolio investment), determined in each case as of the first day of such calendar quarter. The Management Fee in respect of the Closing Period will be calculated as if all capital commitments of the Company were made on the initial closing date, regardless of when Common Units were actually funded. The actual payment of the Management Fee with respect to the Closing Period will not be made prior to the first day of the first full calendar quarter following the end of the Closing Period. The Commitment Period of the Company will begin on the initial closing date and end on the earlier of (a) three years from the initial closing date and (b) the date on which the undrawn Commitment of each Common Unit has been reduced to 4. Agreements and Related Party Transactions (Continued) zero. While the Management Fee will accrue from the initial closing date, the Adviser intends to defer payment of such fees to the extent that such fees cannot be paid from interest and fee income generated by the Company s investments. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Management Fees incurred amounted to , and , respectively, of which , and remained payable at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Incentive Fee: In addition, the Adviser will receive an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as follows: (a) First, no Incentive Fee will be owed until the Common Unitholders have collectively received cumulative distributions pursuant to this clause (a) equal to their aggregate capital contributions in respect of all Common Units; (b) Second, no Incentive Fee will be owed until the Common Unitholders have collectively received cumulative distributions equal to a internal rate of return on their aggregate capital contributions in respect of all Common Units (the Hurdle ); (c) Third, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee out of of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Common Unitholders until such time as the cumulative Incentive Fee paid to the Adviser is equal to of the sum of (i) the amount by which the Hurdle exceeds the aggregate capital contributions of the Common Unitholders in respect of all Common Units and (ii) the amount of Incentive Fee being paid to the Adviser pursuant to this clause (c); and (d) Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee equal to of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Unitholders, with the remaining distributed to the Unitholders. The Incentive Fee will be calculated on a cumulative basis and the amount of the Incentive Fee payable in connection with any distribution (or deemed distribution) will be determined and, if applicable, paid in accordance with the foregoing formula each time amounts are to be distributed to the Unitholders. If the Advisory Agreement terminates early for any reason other than (i) the Adviser voluntarily terminating the agreement or (ii) our terminating the agreement for cause (as set out in the Advisory Agreement), we will be required to pay the Adviser a final incentive fee payment (the Final Incentive Fee Payment ). The Final Incentive Fee Payment will be calculated as of the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated and will equal the amount of Incentive Fee that would be payable to the Adviser if (A) all our investments were liquidated for their current value (but without taking into account any unrealized appreciation of any portfolio investment), and any unamortized deferred portfolio investment-related fees would be deemed accelerated, (B) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all our outstanding liabilities, and (C) the remainder were distributed to Unitholders and paid as Incentive Fee in accordance with the waterfall (i.e., clauses (a) through (d)) described above for determining the amount of the Incentive Fee. We will make the Final Incentive Fee Payment in cash on or immediately following the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated. The Adviser Return Obligation (defined below) will not apply in connection with a Final Incentive Fee Payment. Incentive Fees were incurred during years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Administration Agreement: On September 15, 2014, the Company entered into the Administration Agreement with the Adviser under which the Adviser (or one or more delegated service providers) will oversee the maintenance of our financial records and otherwise assist on the Company s compliance with regulations applicable to a BDC under the 1940 Act, and a RIC under the Code, to prepare reports to our Members, monitor the payment of our expenses and the performance of other administrative or professional service providers, and generally provide us with administrative and back office support. The Company will reimburse the Administrator for expenses incurred by it on behalf of the Company in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Amounts paid pursuant to the Administration Agreement are subject to the annual cap on Company Expenses (as defined below), as described more fully below. The Company, and indirectly the Unitholders, will bear (including by reimbursing the Adviser or Administrator) all other costs and expenses of its operations, administration and transactions, including, without limitation, organizational and offering expenses, management fees, costs of reporting required under applicable securities laws, legal fees of the Company s counsel and accounting fees. However, the Company will not bear (a) more than an amount equal to basis points of the aggregate capital commitments of the Company for organization and offering expenses in connection with the offering of Common Units through the Closing Period and 4. Agreements and Related Party Transactions (Continued) (b) more than an amount equal to basis points of the aggregate Commitments of the Company per annum (pro-rated for partial years) for its costs and expenses other than ordinary operating expenses Company Expenses ), including amounts paid to the Administrator under the Administration Agreement and reimbursement of expenses to the Adviser. All expenses that the Company will not bear will be borne by the Adviser or its affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cap on Company Expenses does not apply to payments of the Management Fee, Incentive Fee, organizational and offering expenses (which are subject to the separate cap), amounts payable in connection with the Company s borrowings (including interest, bank fees, legal fees and other transactional expenses related to any borrowing or borrowing facility and similar costs), costs and expenses relating to the liquidation of the Company, taxes, or extraordinary expenses (such as litigation expenses and indemnification payments). TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC: On June 5, 2015, the Company, together with an affiliate of Security Benefit Corporation and accounts managed by Oak Hill Advisors, L.P., entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Agreement to become members of TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC Strategic Ventures ). Strategic Ventures focuses primarily on making senior secured floating rate loans to middle-market borrowers. The Agreement was effective June 5, 2015. The Company s investment in Strategic Ventures is restricted from redemption until the termination of Strategic Ventures. The Company s capital commitment is , representing approximately of the preferred and common equity ownership of Strategic Ventures, with the third-party investors representing the remaining capital commitments and preferred and common equity ownership. A portion of the Company s capital commitment was satisfied by the contribution of loans to Strategic Ventures. Strategic Ventures also entered into a revolving credit facility to finance a portion of certain eligible investments on June 5, 2015. On April 30, 2021, Strategic Ventures revolving credit facility was terminated. 

Ruby Tuesday Operations LLC (fka Ruby Tuesday, Inc.) 

Pace Industries, Inc. 

Guardia LLC (fka Carrier Technology Solutions, LLC) 

Total 

The Company s total capital commitment to its underlying investment in Strategic Ventures is . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company s unfunded commitment to Strategic Ventures is . From time to time, the Company may become a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business. As of December 31, 2022, management is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts which provide a variety of representations and warranties, and that provide general indemnifications. Such contracts include those with certain service providers, brokers and trading counterparties. Any exposure to the Company under these arrangements is unknown as it would involve future claims that may be made against the Company; however, based on the Company s experience, the risk of loss is remote and no such claims are expected to occur. As such, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 

 F- 27 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

Units reduced during the period 

() 

Units issued and committed at end of year 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2 20 , the Company processed deemed distributions and re-contributions. 

 (the Maximum Commitment (the Credit Facility ), subject to the lesser of the Borrowing Base assets or the Maximum Commitment (the Available Commitment ). The Borrowing Base assets generally equal the sum of (a) a percentage of certain eligible investments in a controlled account, (b) a percentage of unfunded commitments from certain eligible investors in the Company and (c) cash in a controlled account. The Credit Agreement is generally secured by the Borrowing Base assets. On April 10, 2017, the Company and Natixis entered into a Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement. Under the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement borrowings bear interest at a rate equal to either the (a) adjusted eurodollar rate calculated in a customary manner plus , (b) commercial paper rate plus , or (c) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (using the higher of the Federal Funds Rate plus , the Prime Rate and the Floating LIBOR Rate plus plus . Moreover, the Credit Agreement s stated maturity date was extended from to . On April 6, 2020, the Company entered into a First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, as borrower, and Natixis, New York Branch, as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit line of up to (with an option for the Company to increase this amount to subject to consent of the lenders and satisfaction of certain other conditions), subject to the available borrowing base, which is generally the sum of (a) a percentage of certain eligible investments, (b) a percentage of remaining unfunded commitments from certain eligible investors in the Company and (c) cash in a controlled account. The Amended Credit Agreement is generally secured by the unfunded commitments (together with the recallable amounts) of the Company s investors, portfolio investments and substantially all other assets of the Company. The stated maturity date of the Amended Credit Agreement was , which date (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions) could have been extended by the Company for up to an additional . Borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement bore interest at a rate equal to either (a) adjusted eurodollar rate calculated in a customary manner plus , (b) commercial paper rate plus , or (c) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (which will never be less than the adjusted eurodollar rate plus plus , provided however in each case the commercial paper rate and the eurocurrency rate shall have a floor of . On May 27, 2020, the Company entered into a Lender Group Joinder Agreement pursuant to which Zions Bancorporation, N.A. d/b/a California Bank Trust was added as a committed lender (with a commitment of under the Amended Credit Agreement. Concurrently therewith, the Company elected to increase the size of its revolving credit line under the Amended Credit Agreement to . On December 29, 2020, the Company elected to permanently decrease the size of its revolving credit line under the Amended Credit Agreement to . 7. Credit Facility (Continued) On April 6, 2021, the Company entered into a Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Agreement (the Third Amended Credit Agreement ). The Third Amended Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit line of up to , subject to the available borrowing base, which is generally a percentage of remaining unfunded commitments from certain eligible investors in the Company. The Third Amended Credit Agreement is generally secured by the unfunded commitments (together with the recallable amounts) of the Company s investors. The stated maturity date of the Third Amended Credit Agreement is , which (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions) may be extended by the Company for up to an additional . On March 23, 2022, the Company exercised its final extension option, and extended the maturity date of the Third Amended Credit Agreement to April 7, 2023. Borrowings under the Third Amended Credit Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to either (a) adjusted eurodollar rate calculated in a customary manner plus , (b) commercial paper rate plus , or (c) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (which will never be less than the adjusted eurodollar rate plus plus , provided however in each case the CP Rate and the Eurocurrency Rate shall have a floor of . The Credit Facility may be terminated, and any outstanding amounts thereunder may become due and payable, should the Company fail to satisfy certain covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Available Commitment under the Amended Credit Agreement was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility were and , respectively. T he carrying amount of the Credit Facility, which is categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , approximates its fair value. Valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value include Company details; credit, market and liquidity risk and events; financial health of the Company; place in the capital structure; interest rate; and terms and conditions of the Credit Facility. The Company incurred financing costs of in connection with the April 10, 2017 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement. The Company also incurred additional financing costs of in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement on April 6, 2020 and May 27, 2020 as well as an additional in connection with the April 6, 2021 Third Amended Credit Agreement. The Company recorded these costs as deferred fi nancing costs on its Consolidated Statements of Asset and Liabilities and the costs are being amortized over the life of the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of such prepaid deferred financing costs had yet to be amortized. 

Undrawn commitment fees 

Administrative fees 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Total 

Weighted average interest rate 

Average outstanding balance 

If the Company s ratio of aggregate fair value of all eligible portfolio assets (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to the principal amount outstanding Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets falls below , a mandatory prepayment provision is triggered in the Credit Agreement requiring the Company to utilize all cash receipts attributable to the eligible portfolio assets as a prepayment to the outstanding principal obligation, within five days of collecting such cash receipts, until such a time when the Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets exceeds 150 . The Company s Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets exceeded 150 on January 10, 2020 through March 26, 2020. On March 27, 2020, the Company s Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets fell below 150 . However, in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement executed on April 6, 2020, the mandatory repayment was waived by Natixis. The Company s Ratio of Eligible Portfolio Assets has exceeded 150 since April 6, 2020. 

 F- 29 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 outstanding Repurchase Obligations as December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense incurred under these Repurchase Transactions was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

 9 

Unrealized appreciation 

Unrealized depreciation 

() 

() 

() 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Undistributed net investment (loss) income 

() 

() 

Accumulated net realized gain (loss) 

() 

Return of capital 

9. Income Taxes (Continued)) 

() 

() 

Capital loss carryover 

() 

() 

() 

Other cumulative effect of timing differences 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a short-term capital loss carryforw ard of and a l ong-term capital loss carryforward of for fe deral income tax purposes, which may be carried forward indefinitely. These capital loss carryforwards are available to offset net realized gains in future years, thereby reducing future taxable gains distributions. The Company's investment in SSI Parent, LLC's (fka School Specialty, Inc.) common stock is held through TCW DL SSP LLC, an unconsolidated special purpose vehicle. The fair value of such equity investment as of December 31, 2022 is net o f a defer red tax liability recorded by TCW DL SSP LLC. TCW DL SSP LLC accounts for income taxes under the liability method prescribed by FASB ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to the temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. The Company did t have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or 2021 , nor were there any increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits for the period then ended; and therefore interest or penalties were accrued. The Co mpany is subject to examination by U.S. federal and state tax authorities regarding returns filed for the prior three and , respectively. 

 10 

Total liabilities 

Equity 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 

As of December 25, 

2022 (1) 

2021 (1) 

Selected Balance Sheet Information - SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) 

Total assets 

Total liabilities 

Equity 

10. Unconsolidated Significant Subsidiaries (Continued) 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

For the Seven Months Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Selected Income Statement Information - Pace Industries, Inc. 

Total revenue 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 25, 

For the period September 15, 2020 through December 26, 

2022 (1) 

2021 (1) 

2020 (1) 

Selected Income Statement Information - SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc.) 

Total revenue 

Net income (loss) 

() 
 
 (1) The fiscal year of SSI Parent, LLC (fka School Specialty, Inc) ends on the last Saturday in December each year. Further, SSI Parent, LLC did not have any assets, liabilities, capitalization, or operations prior to September 15, 2020. 

F- 32 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

Adjustment due to reduction of undrawn commitments (2) 

() 

Income from Investment Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized (loss) gain 

() 

() 

() 

Total from investment operations 

Less Distributions: 

From net investment income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Return of capital 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total distributions (3) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net Asset Value Per Unit (accrual base), End of Year 

Common Unitholder Total Return (4) 

Common Unitholder IRR (5) 

Ratios and Supplemental Data 

Members Capital, end of year 

Units outstanding, end of year 

Ratios based on average net assets of Members Capital: 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets 

Expenses recaptured (reimbursed) by Investment Adviser 

() 

Ratio of net expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of financing cost to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income before expense recapture (reimbursement) to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

Credit facility payable 

Asset coverage ratio 

Portfolio turnover rate 

11. Financial Highlights (Continued) (1) Per unit data was calculated using the number of Common Units issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018. 

 (2) NAV per unit was adjusted due to the reduction in undrawn commitments that occurred during the period. Refer to Note 1. 

 (3) Includes distributions which have an offsetting capital re-contribution deemed distributions ). Excludes return of unused capital. 

 (4) The Total Return for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018 was calculated by taking total income from investment operations for the period divided by the weighted average capital contributions from the Members during the period. The return does not reflect sales load and is net of management fees and expenses. 

(5) through December 31, 2022 . The IRR is computed based on cash flow due dates contained in notices to Members (contributions from and distributions to the Common Unitholders) and the net assets (residual value) of the Members Capital account at period end. The IRR is calculated based on the fair value of investments using principles and methods in accordance with GAAP and does not necessarily represent the amounts that may be realized from sales or other dispositions. Accordingly, the return may vary significantly upon realization. 

F- 34 

<EX-21>
 2
 ck0001603480-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of TCW Direct Lending LLC 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 

TCW DL VI Funding I, LLC 
 Delaware 

TCW DL CTH LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 3
 ck0001603480-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 PRESIDENT CERTIFICATION 
 I, Richard T. Miller, President of TCW Direct Lending LLC, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending LLC; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Miller 

Richard T. Miller 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ck0001603480-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CFO CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrew J. Kim, Chief Financial Officer of TCW Direct Lending LLC certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending LLC; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared: and 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 6, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew J. Kim 

Andrew J. Kim 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ck0001603480-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of President Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending LLC (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Richard T. Miller, as President of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Richard T. Miller 

Name: 
 Richard T. Miller 

Title: 
 President 

Date: 
 April 6, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 ck0001603480-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending LLC (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Andrew J. Kim, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Andrew J. Kim 

Name: 
 Andrew J. Kim 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 April 6, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 7
 ck0001603480-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99 

Exhibit 99.1 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 CONTENTS 

Page(s) 

Financial Statements 

Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 2 

Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 7 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 8 

Statements of Changes in Members Capital for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 9 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 11 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 12 

Independent Auditor s Report 
 21 

Administration 
 23 

- 6 - 10 - 20 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Investment 
 
 of Members Capital 

Par Amount 

Maturity Date 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

DEBT 

Distributors 

Animal Supply Company, LLC (1) 
 
 08/14/20 
 
 Term Loan - 13.16 inc PIK (SOFR + 8.50 , 1.00 Floor, all PIK) 

16.3 

18,759,736 

08/14/25 

18,759,737 

17,202,678 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC (1)(2) 
 
 08/14/20 
 
 Subordinated Loan - 7.00 inc PIK (7.00 , Fixed Coupon, all PIK) 

21,935,400 

11/14/25 

17,603,046 

16.3 

36,362,783 

17,202,678 

Diversified Consumer Services 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) 
 
 09/15/20 
 
 Term Loan - 12.43 (SOFR + 8.00 , 1.25 Floor) 

21.3 

22,405,559 

09/15/25 

22,325,322 

22,405,559 

Pharmaceuticals 

Noramco, LLC 
 
 07/01/16 
 
 Term Loan - 12.13 inc PIK (LIBOR + 8.38 , 1.00 Floor, 0.38 PIK) 

23.7 

25,161,394 

12/31/23 

25,121,093 

24,884,619 

TOTAL DEBT (61.3 

61.3 

83,809,198 

64,492,856 

Shares/ Contracts 

Cost 

Fair Value 

EQUITY 

Distributors 

Animal Supply Holdings, LLC (1) (2) 

Class A Common 

0.0 

170,438 

1,195,825 

Diversified Consumer Services 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) (2) 

Common Stock 

16.5 

51,000 

34,124 

17,328,145 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) (2) 

Class A Preferred Stock 

7.9 

510,549 

5,105,495 

8,270,814 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) (2) 

Class B Preferred Stock 

2.7 

227,629 

225,831 

2,868,130 

27.1 

5,365,450 

28,467,089 

TOTAL EQUITY (27.1 

27.1 

6,561,275 

28,467,089 

Total Portfolio Investments (88.4 (3) 

88.4 

90,370,473 

92,959,945 

90,370,473 

92,959,945 

Net unrealized depreciation on unfunded commitments (0.0 

Other Assets in Excess of Other Liabilities (11.6 

12,217,197 

Members Capital (100.0 

105,177,142 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 2 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 
 (1) As defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, the investment is deemed to be an affiliated person of the Company because the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, between 5 and 25 of the portfolio company's outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. Fair values as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 in these affiliated investments are as follows: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 3 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

Name of Investments 
 
 Fair Value at December 31, 2021 

Gross Additions (a) 

Gross Reductions (b) 

Realized Gain (Loss) 

Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 

Fair Value at December 31, 2022 

Interest/ Dividend/ Other income 

Animal Supply Holdings, LLC Class A Common Stock 

ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC Subordinated Loan - 7.00 

3,229,645 

(3,229,645) 

778 

ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC Term Loan - 13.16 

16,916,451 

1,880,670 

(37,384) 

(1,557,059) 

17,202,678 

1,907,447 

School Specialty, Inc. Common Stock 

17,328,145 

17,328,145 

1,977 

School Specialty, Inc. Preferred Stock A 

7,658,242 

612,572 

8,270,814 

1,245 

School Specialty, Inc. Preferred Stock B 

437,048 

2,431,082 

2,868,130 

432 

School Specialty, Inc. Term Loan - 12.43 

22,500,377 

29,718 

(94,313) 

(30,223) 

22,405,559 

2,334,795 

Total non-controlled affiliated investments 

50,741,763 

1,910,388 

(131,697) 

15,554,872 

68,075,326 

4,246,674 

(a) Gross additions include new purchases, PIK income and amortization original issue and market discounts. 

(b) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis from sales, paydown and the amortization of premium. 

(2) Non-income producing 

(3) The fair value of each non-controlled/non-affiliated investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs and such investment are consider to Level 3 within the Fair Value Hierarchy. See Note 3 Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements. 

LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate, generally 1- Month or 3- Month 

Geographic Breakdown of Portfolio 

United States 

100 

Aggregate acquisitions and aggregate dispositions of investments, other than government securities, total 2,055,798 and 3,824,379, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. Aggregate acquisitions includes investment assets received as payment in kind. Aggregate dispositions includes principal paydowns on and maturities of debt investments. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 4 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Investment 
 
 of Members Capital 

Par Amount 

Maturity Date 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

DEBT 

Distributors 

Animal Supply Company, LLC (fka ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC) (1) 
 
 08/14/20 
 
 Term Loan - 9.50 inc PIK (LIBOR + 8.50 , 1.00 Floor, all PIK) 

15.3 

16,916,451 

08/14/25 

16,916,451 

16,916,451 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC (fka ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC) (1)(2) 
 
 08/14/20 
 
 Subordinated Loan - 7.00 inc PIK (7.00 , Fixed Coupon, all PIK) 

2.9 

20,440,788 

11/14/25 

17,603,045 

3,229,645 

18.2 

34,519,496 

20,146,096 

Diversified Consumer Services 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) 
 
 09/15/20 
 
 Term Loan - 9.25 inc PIK (LIBOR + 8.00 , 1.25 Floor) 

20.4 

22,500,377 

09/15/25 

22,389,918 

22,500,377 

Pharmaceuticals 

Noramco, LLC 
 
 07/01/16 
 
 Term Loan - 9.38 inc PIK (LIBOR + 8.38 , 1.00 Floor, 0.38 PIK) 

26.1 

28,742,425 

12/31/23 

28,649,791 

28,828,652 

TOTAL DEBT (64.7 

64.7 

85,559,205 

71,475,125 

Shares/ Contracts 

Cost 

Fair Value 

EQUITY 

Distributors 

Animal Supply Holdings, LLC (1) (2) 

Class A Common 

0.0 

170,438 

1,195,825 

Diversified Consumer Services 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) (2) 

Common Stock 

0.0 

51,000 

34,124 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) (2) 

Class A Preferred Stock 

6.9 

510,549 

5,105,495 

7,658,242 

School Specialty, Inc. (1) (2) 

Class B Preferred Stock 

0.4 

227,629 

225,831 

437,048 

7.3 

5,365,450 

8,095,290 

TOTAL EQUITY (7.3 

7.3 

6,561,275 

8,095,290 

Total Portfolio Investments (72.0 (3) 

72.0 

92,120,480 

79,570,415 

92,120,480 

79,570,415 

Other Assets in Excess of Other Liabilities (28.0 

30,848,098 

Members Capital (100.0 

110,418,513 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 5 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 
 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) As defined in the investment Company Act of 1940, the investment is deemed to be an affiliated person of the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, between 5 and 25 of the portfolio company's outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. Fair value as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 along with transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021 in these affiliated investment are as follows: 

Net Change in 

Fair Value at 

Unrealized 

Fair Value at 

Interest/ 

Name of Investments 
 
 December 31, 2020 

Gross Additions (a) 

Gross Reductions (b) 

Realized Gain (Loss) 

Appreciation (Depreciation) 

December 31, 2021 

Dividend/ Other income 

Animal Supply Holdings, LLC Class A Common Stock 

ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC Subordinated Loan - 7.00 

7,313,025 

(209,374) 

(3,874,006) 

3,229,645 

(204,699) 

ASC Acquisition Holdings, LLC Term Loan - 9.50 

15,509,920 

1,556,065 

(149,534) 

16,916,451 

1,724,183 

School Specialty, Inc. Common Stock 

School Specialty, Inc. Preferred Stock A 

2,777,389 

4,880,853 

7,658,242 

(90) 

School Specialty, Inc. Preferred Stock B 

437,048 

437,048 

13 

School Specialty, Inc. Term Loan - 9.25 

21,885,964 

667,715 

(23,503) 

(29,799) 

22,500,377 

2,186,084 

Total non-controlled affiliated investments 

47,486,298 

2,223,780 

(382,411) 

1,414,096 

50,741,763 

3,705,491 

(a) Grass additions include new purchases, PIK income and original issue and market discount. 

(b) Grass reductions include decreases in the cost basis from sales, paydown and the amortization of premium. 

(2) Non-income producing 

(3) The fair value of each non-affiliated investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs and such investment are consider to Level 3 within the Fair Value Hierarchy. 

LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate, generally 1-Month or 3-Month 

Geographic Breakdown of Portfolio 

United States 

100 

Aggregate acquisitions and aggregate dispositions of investments, other than government securities, totaled 3,002,400 and 107,979,015, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Aggregate acquisitions includes investment assets received as payment in kind. Aggregate dispositions includes principal payloads on and maturities of debt investments. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 6 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

As of 

As of 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Investments, at fair value 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (amortized cost of 25,121 and 28,649, respectively) 

24,885 

28,828 

Non-controlled affiliated investments (amortized cost of 65,249 and 63,471, respectively) 

68,075 

50,742 

Cash and cash equivalents 

11,963 

30,554 

Interest receivable 

292 

220 

Prepaid and other assets 

42 

92 

Total Assets 

105,257 

110,436 

Liabilities 

Sub-administrator and custody fees payable 

75 

15 

Audit fees payable 

5 

3 

Total Liabilities 

80 

18 

Members Capital 

105,177 

110,418 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 

Members Capital 

Preferred members 

105,177 

110,418 

Members Capital 

105,177 

110,418 

Noncontrolling 

interest in 

Members Capital Represented by: 
 
 Preferred Members 

Common Members 

consolidated subsidiary fund 

Members Capital 

Net contributed capital 

454,279 

1,000 

3,507 

458,786 

Net distributed capital 

(573,179) 

(1,000) 

(4,235) 

(578,414) 

Cumulative net income, before organization costs 

224,077 

704 

728 

225,509 

Organization costs 

(704) 

(704) 

Total Members Capital as of December 31, 2022 

105,177 

105,177 

Noncontrolling 

interest in 

Members Capital Represented by: 
 
 Preferred Members 

Common Members 

consolidated subsidiary fund 

Members Capital 

Net contributed capital 

454,279 

1,000 

3,507 

458,786 

Net distributed capital 

(545,879) 

(1,000) 

(4,235) 

(551,114) 

Cumulative net income, before organization costs 

202,018 

704 

728 

203,450 

Organization costs 

(704) 

(704) 

Total Members Capital as of December 31, 2021 

110,418 

110,418 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 7 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 

For the 

For the 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Investment Income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

2,872 

8,406 

24,415 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

102 

808 

4,703 

Fee income 

21 

107 

Non-controlled affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

2,340 

1,496 

3,972 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

1,881 

2,194 

1,633 

Fee income 

25 

15 

Total investment income 

7,220 

12,940 

34,830 

Expenses: 

Sub-administrator and custody fees 

100 

122 

260 

Insurance fees 

94 

99 

94 

Audit fees 

63 

63 

58 

Tax service fee 

27 

20 

19 

Valuation fees 

15 

49 

103 

Other 

2 

2 

3 

Interest and credit facility expenses 

281 

8,748 

Total expense 

301 

636 

9,285 

Net investment income 

6,919 

12,304 

25,545 

Net realized and unrealized gain/(loss) on investments 

Net realized gain/(loss): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

318 

1,883 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

(2,421) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

(415) 

11,370 

(2,824) 

Non-controlled affiliated investments 

15,555 

1,414 

(8,229) 

Net realized and unrealized gain/(loss) on investments 

15,140 

13,102 

(11,591) 

Net increase in Members Capital from operations 

22,059 

25,406 

13,954 

Net increase in Members Capital from operations attributable to the Preferred Members from operations 

22,059 

25,406 

13,954 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 8 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS CAPITAL 

For the 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

Noncontrolling 

interest in 

consolidated 

Preferred Members 

Common Members 

subsidiary fund 

Total 

Members Capital, beginning of year 

110,418 

110,418 

Net increase (decrease) in Members Capital resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

6,919 

6,919 

Net realized gain/(loss) on investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

15,140 

15,140 

Net decrease in Members Capital resulting from capital activity: 

Distributions to Members 

(27,300) 

(27,300) 

Total decrease in Members Capital 

(5,241) 

(5,241) 

Members Capital, end of year 

105,177 

105,177 

For the 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2021 

Noncontrolling 

interest in 

consolidated 

Preferred Members 

Common Members 

subsidiary fund 

Total 

Members Capital, beginning of year 

173,612 

173,612 

Net increase (decrease) in Members Capital resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

12,304 

12,304 

Net realized gain/(loss) on investments 

318 

318 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

12,784 

12,784 

Net decrease in Members Capital resulting from capital activity: 

Distributions to Members 

(88,600) 

(88,600) 

Total decrease in Members Capital 

(63,194) 

(63,194) 

Members Capital, end of year 

110,418 

110,418 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 9 

TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS CAPITAL (continued) 

For the 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2020 

Noncontrolling 

interest in 

consolidated 

Preferred Members 

Common Members 

subsidiary fund 

Total 

Members Capital, beginning of year 

244,658 

244,658 

Net increase (decrease) in Members Capital resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

25,545 

25,545 

Net realized gain/(loss) on investments 

(538) 

(538) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

(11,053) 

(11,053) 

Net decrease in Members Capital resulting from capital activity: 

Distributions to Members 

(85,000) 

(85,000) 

Total decrease in Members Capital 

(71,046) 

(71,046) 

Members Capital, end of year 

173,612 

173,612 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 10 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 

For the 

For the 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net increase in members capital resulting from operations 

22,059 

25,406 

13,954 

Adjustments to reconcile the net increase in members capital resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Purchases of investments 

(24,904) 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments 

3,824 

107,979 

234,445 

Net realized (gain)/loss on investments 

(318) 

538 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 

(15,140) 

(12,784) 

11,053 

Interest paid-in-kind 

(1,983) 

(3,002) 

(6,336) 

Accretion of discount 

(91) 

(249) 

(1,709) 

Increase (decrease) in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in interest receivable 

(72) 

1,050 

1,036 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid and other assets 

50 

70 

(119) 

Increase (decrease) in sub-administrator and custody fees payable 

60 

(49) 

(194) 

Increase (decrease) in audit fees payable 

2 

3 

Increase (decrease) in interest and credit facility expenses payable 

(786) 

(1,679) 

Increase (decrease) in other fees payable 

(1) 

1 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

8,709 

117,319 

226,086 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Distributions to Members 

(27,300) 

(88,600) 

(85,000) 

Repayments of credit facility 

(15,131) 

(190,869) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(27,300) 

(103,731) 

(275,869) 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

(18,591) 

13,588 

(49,783) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

30,554 

16,966 

66,749 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

11,963 

30,554 

16,966 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information and non-cash financing activities 

Credit facility - interest and unused fee paid 

1,032 

10,367 

Credit facility - administrative fee paid 

45 

Credit facility - surveillance paid 

35 

15 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 11 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 1. ORGANIZATION 

Investment Objective: TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC (the Fund is a closed-end investment company formed as a Delaware limited liability company for the purpose of investing in corporate senior secured middle-market floating rate loans. Investments may include other loans and securities received as a result of the restructuring, workout or bankruptcy of an existing loan. 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement: The Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company agreement (the Agreement ), dated June 5, 2015, was entered into by and among TCW Direct Lending LLC, an affiliated fund (also known as the BDC and two third-party members (the Third-Party Members ). The BDC and each Third-Party Member own a Preferred Membership Interest (collectively the Preferred Members and a Common Membership Interest (collectively the Common Members (together, the Members ). The BDC owns 80 of the Preferred and Common Membership Interests and the Third-Party Members own the remaining 20 of Preferred and Common Membership Interests. The initial closing date of the Fund was June 5, 2015 Initial Closing Date ). 
 The Agreement amends and restates the original agreement, dated May 26, 2015 that the BDC entered into as the sole member of the Fund. 
 Term: The Fund will continue until the sixth anniversary of the Initial Closing Date unless dissolved earlier or extended for two additional one-year periods by the BDC, in its sole discretion upon notice to the Management Committee. Thereafter, the term of the Fund may be extended by the BDC for additional one-year periods, in each case with the prior consent of the Management Committee. On February 25, 2021, the Management Committee approved a one year extension of the term of the Fund to June 5, 2022. On February 1, 2022, the Management Committee approved a one year extension of the term of the Fund to June 5, 2023. 
 Commitment Period: The Commitment Period commenced on June 5, 2015, the Initial Closing Date, and ended June 5, 2019, the third anniversary of the Initial Closing Date. In accordance with the Fund s Limited Liability Company Agreement, the Fund may complete investment transactions that were significantly in process as of the end of the Commitment Period and which the Fund reasonably expects to be consummated prior to 90 days subsequent to the expiration date of the Commitment Period. The Fund may also affect follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies. 
 Management Committee: Pursuant to the Agreement, the Management Committee of the Fund has exclusive responsibility for the management, policies and control of the Fund. The BDC and one of the two Third-Party Members, collectively, each appointed one voting member of the Management Committee. The Management Committee can act on behalf and in the name of the Fund to implement the objectives of the Fund and exercise any rights and powers the Fund may possess. The Management Committee will authorize portfolio investment activity, transactions between the Fund and the BDC, and other Members and borrowings of the Fund. 
 Administration Agreement: The Fund entered into an Administration Agreement with TCW Asset Management Company LLC TAMCO ), dated June 5, 2015 to furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, administrative services necessary for the operation of the Fund. In connection therein, TAMCO, as Administrator retained the services of State Street Bank and Trust Company State Street to assist in providing certain administrative, accounting, operational, investor and financial reporting services for the Fund. On June 13, 2022, the Fund approved the insourcing of administration services previously outsourced by TAMCO to State Street. In connection with TAMCO s insourcing of administration services, TAMCO terminated its agreement with State Street. 
 Custody Services Agreement : The Fund entered into a Custody Services Agreement dated June 3, 2015 with State Street to provide custodian services for the Fund. On June 13, 2022, the Fund approved the termination of the Custody Services Agreement effective July 29, 2022. On July 13, 2022, the Fund entered into a Custody Services Agreement with U.S. National Bank Association to provide custodian services for the Fund. 
 Capital Commitments: Commitments from the Preferred Members and Preferred Members as Common Members are as follows. The commitment amount funded does not include amounts contributed in anticipation of a potential investment that the Fund did not consummate and therefore returned to the Members as unused capital. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate commitments and commitments funded were as follows: 
 
 12 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 

Committed Capital 

Commitments Funded 

Percentage Funded 

Preferred Membership Interests 

600,000,000 

454,279,088 

75.7 

Common Membership Interests 

2,000,000 

1,000,000 

50.0 

Total 

602,000,000 

455,279,088 

Recallable Amounts: Each Preferred Member may be required to re-contribute amounts previously distributed equal to 100 of distributions of proceeds during the Commitment Period representing a return of capital contributions made in respect of the Preferred Membership Interest. The recallable amounts as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Recallable Amounts 

Recallable Amounts Funded 
 
 Percentage Funded 

Preferred Membership Interests 

127,837,000 

none 
 
 n/a 

2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The Fund is an investment company following the accounting and reporting guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) No. 946 Financial Services Investment Companies. 
 Basis of Presentation: The Fund s financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP for investment companies. 
 Use of Estimates: The preparation of the accompanying financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting year. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Investments: The Fund records investment transactions on the trade date. The Fund considers trade date for investments not traded on a recognizable exchange, or traded in the over-the-counter markets, to be the date on which the Fund receives legal or contractual title to the asset and bears the risk of loss. 
 Income Recognition: Interest and unused commitment fee income are recorded on an accrual basis unless doubtful of collection or the related investment is in default. Realized gains and losses on investments are recorded on a specific identification basis. Amendment, consent, waiver and forbearance fees received in exchange for a concession that result in a change in yield are recognized immediately when earned as interest income. The Fund typically receives a fee in the form of a discount to the purchase price at the time it funds an investment in a loan. The discount is accreted to interest income over the life of the respective loan, as reported in the Statement of Operations, and reflected in the amortized cost basis of the investment. Discounts associated with a revolver as well as fees associated with a delayed draw that remains unfunded are treated as a discount to the issuers term loan. Fee income received from the Adviser that the Adviser received from a portfolio company for services rendered, are recognized immediately as income. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents: The Fund considers cash equivalents to be liquid investments, including money market funds or individual securities purchased with an original maturity of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents held by the Fund are generally comprised of money market funds and demand deposits, valued at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 Income Taxes: The Fund is exempt from federal and state income taxes and, consequently, no income tax provision has been made in the accompanying financial statements. 
 The Fund has invested in numerous jurisdictions and is therefore subject to varying policies and statutory time limitations with respect to examination of tax positions. The Fund reviews and evaluates tax positions in its major jurisdictions and determines whether or not there are uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition. 
 13 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 The Fund recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as an income tax expense in the Statement of Operations. As of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund did not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits, nor did it recognize any interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The Fund is subject to examination by U.S. federal tax authorities for returns filed for the prior three years and by state tax authorities for returns filed for the prior four years. 
 The Fund's investment in School Specialty, Inc.'s common stock is held through TCW DL SSP LLC, an unconsolidated special purpose vehicle. The fair value of such equity investment as of December 31, 2022 is net of a 6,596,052 deferred tax liability recorded by TCW DL SSP LLC. TCW DL SSP LLC accounts for income taxes under the liability method prescribed by FASB ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to the temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements: In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions ASU 2022-03 ). ASU 2022-03 (1) clarifies the guidance in ASC 820 on the fair value measurement of an equity security that is subject to a contractual sale restriction and (2) requires specific disclosures related to such an equity security. ASU 2022-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods within that fiscal year, with early adoption permitted. The Fund is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2022-03 on the consolidated financial statements. 
 In January 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) ASU 2021-01 ). ASU 2021-01 is an update of ASU 2020-04 (as defined below), which is in response to concerns about structural risks of interbank offered rates, and particularly the risk of cessation of LIBOR; regulators have undertaken reference rate reform initiatives to identify alternative reference rates that are more observable or transaction based and less susceptible to manipulation. ASU 2020-04 provides optional guidance for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. ASU 2020-04 is elective and applies to all entities, subject to meeting certain criteria, that have contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The ASU 2021-01 update clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848 for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. The amendments in this update are effective immediately through December 31, 2022, for all entities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Fund adopted ASU 2021-01. The adoption of the ASU did not have a material impact on the Fund s consolidated financial statements. 
 Subsequent Events: The Management Committee evaluated the activity of the Fund through March 29, 2023, the date that the financial statements are available to be issued, and have concluded that no other subsequent events have occurred that would require recognition or disclosure. 
 3. INVESTMENT VALUATIONS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

Investments at Fair Value: Investments held by the Fund for which market quotes are readily available are valued at fair value. Fair value is generally determined on the basis of last reported sales price or official closing price on the primary exchange in which each security trades, or if no sales are reported, based on the midpoint of the valuation range obtained for debt investments from a quotation reporting system, established market makers or pricing service. Investments held by the Fund for which market quotes are not readily available or market quotations are not considered reliable are valued at fair value by the Management Committee based on similar instruments, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. 
 Fair Value Hierarchy: Assets and liabilities are classified by the Fund based on valuation inputs used to determine fair value into three levels. 
 Level 1 values are based on unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 Level 2 values are based on significant observable market inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets and quoted prices in inactive markets or other market observable inputs. 
 14 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Level 3 values are based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect the Fund s determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the assets. 
 Categorization within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation levels are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. 
 The following is a summary by major security type of the fair valuations according to inputs used in valuing investments listed in the Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022. 

Investments 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Debt 

64,492,856 

64,492,856 

Equity 

28,467,089 

28,467,089 

Total Assets 

92,959,945 

92,959,945 

The following is a summary by major security type of the fair valuations according to inputs used in valuing investments listed in the Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021. 

Investments 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Debt 

71,475,125 

71,475,125 

Equity 

8,095,290 

8,095,290 

Total Assets 

79,570,415 

79,570,415 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for total investments that use Level 3 inputs for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Debt 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

71,475,125 

8,095,290 

Accreted Discounts 

72,964 

Purchases 1 

1,982,835 

Sales and paydowns 

(3,805,805) 

Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

(5,232,263) 

20,371,799 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

64,492,856 

28,467,089 

Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) in investments still held as of December 31, 2022 

(5,232,263) 

20,371,799 

1 Purchases of Debt include payment-in-kind (PIK) interest of 1,982,835. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Fund did not have any transfers between levels. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for total investments that use Level 3 inputs for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Debt 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

168,418,409 

2,777,389 

Accreted Discounts 

249,179 

Purchases 1 

3,002,400 

Sales and paydowns 

(107,979,015) 

Realized gain/(loss) 

317,702 

Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

7,466,450 

5,317,901 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

71,475,125 

8,095,290 

Change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) in investments still held as of December 31, 2021 

(2,286,055) 

5,317,901 

1 Purchases of Debt include payment-in-kind (PIK) 3,002,400. 
 15 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Fund did not have any transfers between levels. 
 Level 3 Assets (Investments): The following valuation techniques and significant inputs are used to determine fair value of investments in private debt for which reliable market quotations are not available. Some of the inputs are independently observable however, a significant portion of the inputs and the internal assumptions applied are unobservable. 
 Debt , (Level 3), includes investments in privately originated senior secured debt. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A discounted cash flow approach incorporating a weighted average cost of capital is generally used to determine fair value or, in some cases, an enterprise value waterfall method. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. Standard pricing inputs include but are not limited to the financial health of the issuer, place in the capital structure, value of other issuer debt, credit, industry, and market risk and events. 
 Equity , (Level 3), includes common stock, preferred stock and warrants. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value. Pricing inputs include, but are not limited to, financial health, and relevant business developments of the issuer; EBITDA, market multiples of comparable companies, comparable market transactions and recent trades or transactions; issuer, industry and market events; contractual or legal restrictions on the sale of the security. When a Black-Scholes pricing model is used, the pricing model takes into account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs, including: time value, implied volatility, equity prices and interest rates. A liquidity discount based on current market expectations, future events, minority ownership position and the period management reasonably expects to hold the investment may be applied. 
 Pricing inputs and weightings applied to determine value require subjective determination. Accordingly, valuations do not necessarily represent the amounts that may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments. 
 The following table summarizes by major security type the valuation techniques and quantitative information utilized in determining the fair value of the Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2022. 

Investment Type 
 
 Fair Value at December 31, 2022 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range 
 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input 

Debt 

24,884,619 

Income Method 
 
 Discount Rate 
 
 14.6 to 17.6 
 
 16.1 
 
 Decrease 

Debt 

17,202,678 

Market Method 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.1x to 0.2x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

22,405,559 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 7.0x to 8.0x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.3x to 0.4x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Total Debt 

64,492,856 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.1x to 0.2x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

28,467,089 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 7.0x to 8.0x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.3x to 0.4x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Total Equity 

28,467,089 

Total Investment 

92,959,945 

16 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table summarizes by major security type the valuation techniques and quantitative information utilized in determining the fair value of the Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2021. 

Investment Type 
 
 Fair Value at December 31, 2021 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range 
 
 Weighted Average 
 
 Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input 

Debt 

28,828,652 

Income Method 
 
 Discount Rate 
 
 8.9 to 10.7 
 
 9.8 
 
 Decrease 

Debt 

22,500,377 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 5.9x to 6.9x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Debt 

20,146,096 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 8.8x to 9.8x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.2x to 0.2x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Total Debt 

71,475,125 

Equity 

8,095,290 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 5.9x to 6.9x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Equity 

Market Method 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 8.8x to 9.8x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Revenue Multiple 
 
 0.2x to 0.2x 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 

Total Equity 

8,095,290 

Total Investment 

79,570,415 

4. ALLOCATIONS AND DISTRIBUTIONS 

Allocation of profit and loss : Income, expenses, gains and losses of the Fund are allocated among the Members in such a manner that, at the end of each period, each Member s capital account is equal to the respective net amount, positive or negative, which would be distributed to such Member if the Fund were to liquidate the assets of the Fund for an amount equal to book value and distribute the proceeds in a manner consistent with the distribution priorities described in the Agreement. 
 Distribution : Interest, dividends, and other cash flow received by the Fund in respect of Portfolio Investments Interest Amounts and proceeds attributable to the repayment or disposition of Portfolio Investments Proceeds received by the Fund are distributed by the Fund to the Members to the extent that such Interest Amounts and Proceeds are available to the Fund after the application of the priority of payments stipulated in the Credit Agreement and after taking into account reserves and working capital needs. 
 Interest Amounts available to the Fund for distribution to the Members will be distributed in the following order and priorities: 
 First, one-hundred percent (100 to the Preferred Members in an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends on Preferred Membership Interests, which amounts shall be distributed pro rata among the Preferred Members in accordance with their respective entitlements to such dividends. 
 Second, one-hundred percent (100 to the payment of Fund expenses; and 
 Thereafter, one-hundred percent (100 to the Common Members, which amounts shall be distributed among the Common Members pro rata based on their respective Unreturned Contributions or, if the Unreturned Contributions of the Common Members equal zero, pro rata based on the respective Commitments of such Common Members in their capacities as Preferred Members with respect to Preferred Membership Interest. 
 Proceeds available to the Fund for distribution to the Members will be distributed in the following order and priorities: 
 First, one-hundred percent (100 to the Preferred Members in an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends on Preferred Membership Interests, which amounts shall be distributed pro rata among the Preferred Members in accordance with their respective entitlements to such dividends, 
 Second, one-hundred percent (100 to the Preferred Members pro rata based on, and up to the amount of, their respective Unreturned Contributions; and 
 Thereafter, one-hundred percent (100 to the Common Members, which amounts shall be distributed among the Common Members pro rata based on their respective Unreturned Contributions or, if the Unreturned Contributions of the Common Members 
 17 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 equal zero, pro rata based on the respective Commitments of such Common Members in their capacities as Preferred Members with respect to Preferred Membership Interests. 
 Preferred Member Dividends: Each Preferred Membership Interest is entitled to quarterly dividends at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 6.50 per annum (subject to a LIBOR floor of 1.5 per annum) of the Unreturned Contributions associated with their Preferred Membership Interest. Dividends are cumulative and paid when declared by the Management Committee. 
 Unreturned Contributions: With respect to any Member in respect of each class such Member holds, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate contributions of such Member over (b) the aggregate amount distributed to such Member from Proceeds (other than amounts paid in respect of dividends to such Member). 
 5. FUND EXPENSES 

The Fund is responsible for all costs and expenses which include organizational expenses, operating expenses; investigative, travel, legal and other transactional expenses incurred with respect to the acquisition, formation, holding and disposition of the Fund s Portfolio Investments or incurred in connection with Portfolio Investments or transactions not consummated; costs and expenses relating to the liquidation of the Fund; taxes, or extraordinary expenses (such as litigation expenses and indemnification payments to either the Management Committee or the Administrative Agent); valuation-related costs and expenses; and all other costs and expenses of the Fund s operations, administration and transactions. 
 Organizational Expenses : Organization expenses will be paid from capital contributions called from the holders of Common Membership Interests. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, organization expenses paid inception-to-date total 704,290. 
 Portfolio Investment Expenses: Expenses related to Portfolio Investments will be paid from capital contributions called from Preferred Membership Interests. 
 Fund Expenses: Other Fund expenses including those related to unconsummated investments will be paid first from Interest Amounts as provided for in the above Distribution footnote. To the extent that such Interest Amounts are insufficient or unavailable to pay expenses when due, such expenses will be paid from capital contributions called from the holders of Common Membership Interests provided that the aggregate amount called for Fund expenses (including organizational expenses) does not exceed 2 million. To the extent that the foregoing sources of payment are insufficient or unavailable to pay when due, such expenses will be paid from capital contributions called from the Preferred Members. 
 6. ADVISER FEE INCOME 

Any (i) transaction, advisory, consulting, management, monitoring, directors' or similar fees, (ii) closing, investment banking, finders', transaction or similar fees, (iii) commitment, breakup or topping fees or litigation proceeds and (iv) other fee or payment of services performed or to be performed with respect to an investment or proposed investment received from or with respect to Portfolio Companies or prospective Portfolio Companies in connection with the Fund's activities will be allocated pro rata among the Fund and any other funds or accounts advised by the Adviser participating in such investment and the Fund's share will be the property of the Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for administrative or other reasons, certain fees described in clauses (i) through (iv) above (including any fees for administrative agent services provided by the Adviser or an affiliate with respect to a particular loan or portfolio of loans made by the Fund) may be paid to the Adviser or the affiliate (rather than directly to the Fund), in which case the amount of such fees (net of any related expenses associated with the generation of such fees borne by the Adviser or such affiliate that have not been and will not be reimbursed by the Portfolio Company) shall be paid to the Fund. 
 Since inception of the Fund through December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Adviser was paid directly 1,741,881, 1,716,515, and 1,680,211, respectively, of which 25,366 and 36,304 were paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Since inception of the Fund through December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Fund has recognized 1,741,881, 1,716,515, and 1,680,211, respectively, of these fees. 
 7. REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

On June 5, 2015, the Fund, as borrower entered into a Credit Facility with Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and various financial institutions (the Lending Group to make loans (Advances) to the Fund for the purpose of 
 18 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 funding eligible investments. Effective August 21, 2015, the Credit Agreement was amended to increase the Credit Facility to 600 million Facility Amount from 500 million. The Commitment Period to make an Advance ends on the earlier of the end of the (i) Investment Period and (ii) the Facility Maturity Date. The Investment Period ended on June 5, 2018. The Facility Maturity Date is June 4, 2021 and may be extended pursuant to the Credit Agreement or end earlier if the Facility Amount is reduced to zero or the Advances automatically become due and payable. On April 30, 2021, the Fund terminated the Credit Facility and all Advances outstanding were repaid in full. 
 The lender has a priority interest in the interest, dividends and other cash flow received by the Fund (Interest Amounts) and proceeds attributable to the repayment or disposition of Portfolio Investments (Proceeds) received by the Fund as described in Note 4. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Advances outstanding. As of December 31, 2020, there were 15,131,282 in Advances outstanding, which approximated fair value. 
 Interest was payable at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 3.50 per annum (subject to a LIBOR floor of 1.50 on the amount of Advances outstanding. The Fund received a rating from an approved rating agency commensurate with the rate of interest paid by the Fund. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020 the all-in rate of interest was 5.00 and 5.00 , respectively. 
 Whenever the Fund was paid an origination, structuring, or similar upfront fee by the obligor of an eligible investment, the Lending Group was entitled to an origination fee equal to 0.75 of the eligible investment funded with the proceeds of Advances. 
 The summary information regarding the Credit Facility for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Credit facility interest expense 

246 

8,688 

Unused fees 

Administrative fees 

45 

Origination expense 

Surveillance expense 

35 

15 

Total 

281 

8,748 

Weighted average interest rate 

0.0 

5.00 

5.11 

Average outstanding balance 

4,933,212 

169,861,472 

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Fund has complied with the covenant requirements detailed in the Credit Agreement. 
 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

The Fund had the following unfunded commitments and unrealized depreciation by investment as of December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 

Unfunded Commitments 
 
 Maturity/ Expiration 
 
 Amount 

Unrealized Depreciation 

Retail Animal Intermediate, LLC 
 
 November 2025 

3,787,500 

Total 

3,787,500 

At December 31, 2021, the Fund did not have any unfunded commitments. 
 In the normal course of business, the Fund enters into contracts which provide a variety of representations and warranties, and general indemnifications. Such contracts include those with certain service providers, brokers and trading counterparties. Any exposure to the Fund under these arrangements is unknown as it would involve future claims that may be made against the Fund; however, based on the Fund s experience, the risk of loss is remote and no such claims are expected to occur. As such, the Fund has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 
 19 
 
 TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC 
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 9. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

The following summarizes the Fund s financial highlights for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2019 

Year Ended December 31, 2018 

Members 

Members 

Members 

Members 

Members 

As a percentage of average members capital 

Net investment income ratio (annualized) 1 

6.75 

7.86 

12.56 

18.39 

12.14 

Expense ratios (annualized) 1 

Operating expenses 

0.29 

0.41 

4.57 

5.44 

5.54 

Total expense ratio 

0.29 

0.41 

4.57 

5.44 

5.54 

1 The net investment income and expense ratio are calculated for the Members taken as a whole. 
 The Internal Rates of Return (IRR) since inception of the Members, after financing costs and other operating expenses are 12.4 , 12.1 , 11.7 , 12.2 , and 11.8 through December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
 The IRR is computed based on cash flow due dates contained in notices to Members (contributions from and distributions to the Members) and the net assets (residual value) of the Members capital account at year end and is calculated for the Members taken as a whole. 
 The IRR is calculated based on the fair value of investments using principles and methods in accordance with GAAP and does not necessarily represent the amounts that may be realized from sales or other dispositions. Accordingly, the return may vary significantly upon realization. 
 
 20 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC (A Delaware Limited Liability Company): 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of TCW Direct Lending Strategic Ventures LLC (the Company ), including the schedule of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in members capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the results of its operations, changes in members capital and cash flows for each of the three years in the period then ended, and the financial highlights for each of the five years in the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Company s management and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Investments, at fair value Level 3 Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements Refer to Note 3 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company held certain investments with fair values based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect management s determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the investments. These investments are classified as Level 3 investments under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These investments included debt and equity securities, each of which lack observable market prices. Such investments are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value of equity instruments and a discounted cash flow approach or enterprise value waterfall is generally used for debt instruments. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. The fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was 92,959,945 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select appropriate valuation techniques and to use significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of the investment. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs as 

determined by management. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and increased effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists who possess significant quantitative and modeling expertise, to audit and evaluate the appropriateness of these models and internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs in determining the fair value of these investments. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation techniques and unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of Level 3 investments included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the methods, valuation models, and assumptions for the unobservable inputs used to derive the pricing information as part of the procedures to test the fair value estimates. 

We inspected all investment transactions within 60 days prior and subsequent to year end, if any, and compared the transaction price to the valuation at year end to assess the reasonableness of the valuation at year end. 

We utilized fair value specialists to assist in validating the appropriateness of the valuation techniques and valuation assumptions and to test the valuation by developing an independent expectation. We also assessed the reasonableness of the business assumptions used in the valuation. We developed independent estimates of the fair values and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of any significant changes in valuation techniques or significant unobservable inputs for those investments from the prior year-end. 

Los Angeles, California 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

ADMINISTRATION 
 ADMINISTRATOR 
 TCW Asset Management Company 
 1251 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 4700 
 New York, NY 10020 
 (212) 771-4000 
 PORTFOLIO MANAGER 
 Richard T. Miller 
 Group Managing Director 
 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 Deloitte Touche LLP 
 555 West 5 th Street 
 Los Angeles, CA 90013 
 CUSTODIAN 
 State Street Bank and Trust Company 
 One Lincoln Street 
 Boston, MA 02111 
 SUB-ADMINISTRATOR 
 State Street Bank and Trust Company 
 One Lincoln Street 
 Boston, MA 02111 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ck0001603480-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001603480-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ck0001603480-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ck0001603480-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ck0001603480-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

