<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230515_10-K_edgar_data_1637866_0001493152-23-016951.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9085319</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>300757</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1307221</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3270729</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1769341</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2247029</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-016951.hdr.sgml : 20230515
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230515084653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-016951
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230515
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230515

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Deep Green Waste & Recycling, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001637866
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT [4955]
		IRS NUMBER:				471267959
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56190
		FILM NUMBER:		23918731

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13110 NE 177TH PLACE
		STREET 2:		#293
		CITY:			WOODINVILLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98072
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-846-3337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13110 NE 177TH PLACE
		STREET 2:		#293
		CITY:			WOODINVILLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98072

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Evader, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150326

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-016951.txt : 20230515

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 

 OF
1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from: _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including Zip Code) 

(Issuer s
telephone number, including area code) 

NOT
APPLICABLE 

 (Former
name or former address if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value on December 31, 2022 (the last business day of the Company s most recently completed fourth quarter) of
the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the stock on that date,
was approximately . The registrant does not have non-voting common stock outstanding. 

As
of February 27, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, may, should, could, will, plan, future, 
 continue, and other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to
historical matters identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations or forecasts
of future events, can be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties,
a number of which are beyond our control. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained
in this document, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A wide
variety of factors could cause or contribute to such differences and could adversely impact revenues, profitability, cash flows and capital
needs. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this document will, in fact, transpire or prove to
be accurate. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the
risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by any forward-looking statements. 

Important
factors that may cause the actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements, projections or other expectations include, but
are not limited to, the following: 

risk
 that we will not be able to remediate identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
 controls and procedures; 

risk
 that we fail to meet the requirements of the agreements under which we acquired our business interests, including any cash payments
 to the business operations, which could result in the loss of our right to continue to operate or develop the specific businesses
 described in the agreements; 

risk
 that we will be unable to secure additional financing in the near future in order to commence and sustain our planned development
 and growth plans; 

risk
 that we cannot attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, particularly employees, consultants and contractors for our operations; 

risks
 and uncertainties relating to the various industries and operations we are currently engaged in; 

results
 of initial feasibility, pre-feasibility and feasibility studies, and the possibility that future growth, development or expansion
 will not be consistent with our expectations; 

risks
 related to the inherent uncertainty of business operations including profit, cost of goods, production costs and cost estimates and
 the potential for unexpected costs and expenses; 

risks
 related to commodity price fluctuations; 

the
 uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; 

risks
 related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms for our planned development projects; 

risks
 related to environmental regulation and liability; 

risks
 related to tax assessments; 

other
 risks and uncertainties related to our prospects, properties and business strategy. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as
of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements
to conform these statements to actual results, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

As
used in this annual report, Deep Green, the Company, we, us, or our 
refer to Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. unless otherwise indicated. 

- 2 - 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 33 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 34 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 40 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 41 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits 
 42 

Signatures 
 44 

- 3 - 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Deep
Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (f/k/a Critic Clothing, Inc.) Deep Green , the Company , we ,
 us , or our is a publicly quoted company seeking to create value for its shareholders by seeking to acquire
other operating entities for growth in return for shares of our common stock. 

The
Company was organized as a Nevada Corporation on August 24, 1995 under the name of Evader, Inc. On May 25, 2012, the Company filed its
Foreign Profit Corporation Articles of Domestication to change the domicile of the Company from Nevada to Wyoming. On November 4, 2015,
the Company filed an Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to change the name of the Company to Critical Clothing, Inc. and on August
28, 2017 an Amendment was filed to change the Company name to Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. 

On
August 24, 2017, the Company entered into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
(the Agreement with St. James Capital Management, LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company transferred and assigned
all of the assets of the Company related to its extreme sports apparel design and manufacturing business in exchange for the assumption
of certain liabilities and cancellation of 3,000,000 shares (as adjusted for the September 27, 2017 reverse stock split of 1 share for
1000 shares) of common stock of the Company. 

On
August 24, 2017, the Company acquired all the membership units of Deep Green Waste and Recycling, LLC DGWR LLC ), a Georgia
limited liability company engaged in the waste recycling business since 2011, in exchange for 85,000,000 shares (as adjusted for the
September 27, 2017 reverse stock split of 1 share for 1000 shares) of the Company s common stock. The transaction was accounted
for as a reverse merger where DGWR LLC was considered the accounting acquiror and the Company was considered the accounting
acquiree. 

Effective
October 1, 2017, Deep Green acquired Compaction and Recycling Equipment, Inc. (CARE), a Portland, Oregon based company that sells and
services waste and recycling equipment. Deep Green purchased 100 of the common stock for 902,700. 586,890 was paid in cash at closing
and a promissory note was executed in the amount of 315,810. Please see NOTE G DEBT for further information. 

Effective
October 1, 2017, Deep Green acquired Columbia Financial Services, Inc, (CFSI), a Portland, Oregon based company that finances the purchases
of waste and recycling equipment. Deep Green purchased 100 of the common stock for 597,300. 418,110 was paid in cash at closing and
a promissory note was executed in the amount of 179,190. Please see NOTE G DEBT for further information. 

On
August 7, 2018, the Company entered into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Subsidiaries and Assumption of Obligations
(the Agreement with Mirabile Corporate Holdings, Inc. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company transferred all capital
stock of its two wholly owned subsidiaries, Compaction and Recycling Equipment, Inc. and Columbia Financial Services, Inc., to Mirabile
Corporate Holdings, Inc. in exchange for the assumption and cancellation of certain liabilities. Deep Green s then Chief Executive
Officer owned a 7.5 equity interest in Mirabile Corporate Holdings, Inc. 

On
August 7, 2018, the Company ceased its waste recycling business. 

In
the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, the Company re-launched its waste and recycling services operation and has begun to re-engage
with customers, waste haulers and recycling centers, which are critical elements of its historically successful business model: designing
and managing waste programs for commercial and institutional properties for cost savings, ease of operation, and minimal administrative
stress for its clients. 

- 4 - 

Asset
Purchase Agreement 

On
February 8, 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary DG Research, Inc. (the Buyer ), entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Amwaste, Inc. (the Seller ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the
Buyer agreed to purchase from the Seller certain assets (the Assets utilized in the Seller s waste management business
located in Glynn County, Georgia. In consideration for the purchase of the Assets, the Buyer paid the seller 160,000 and issued the
Seller 2,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock. The Buyer remitted 50,000 at Closing and issued the Seller a
Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of 110,000, which was paid April 9, 2021. The Note was secured by the Assets
purchased through the Agreement. The transaction closed on February 11, 2021. 

On
July 11, 2021, the Company s Board unanimously approved an Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation (the Authorized Share
Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from 250,000,000 to 500,000,000 and to increase
the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock of the Company from 2,000,000 to 5,000,000 with the Board maintaining the discretion
of whether or not to implement the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. On July 11, 2021, the Majority Stockholders
delivered an executed written consent in lieu of a special meeting (the Stockholder Consent authorizing and approving
the Authorized Share Amendment and the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. 

On
February 10, 2022, the Company s Board unanimously approved an Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation (the Authorized
Share Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from 500,000,000 to 1,000,000,000
with the Board maintaining the discretion of whether or not to implement the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock.
On February 10, 2022, the Majority Stockholders delivered an executed written consent in lieu of a special meeting (the Stockholder
Consent authorizing and approving the Authorized Share Amendment and the increase in authorized shares of Common Stock. 

On
September 17, 2022, the Company s Board approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company
from 1,000,000,000 to 3,000,000,000. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Jeremy Lyell (the Shareholder and Lyell Environmental Services, Inc. (hereinafter LES ). On October 19, 2021, the Company closed on the Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Agreement with Jeremy Lyell (the Shareholder ). In consideration for the purchase of all Lyell
Environmental Services, Inc. shares from the Shareholder, the Company was to pay the Shareholder (i) 50,000 upon execution of the Agreement
that was held in escrow, (ii) 1,300,000 at Closing, and (iii) 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Under the amended
Agreement (the Amended Agreement ), the Company paid to the Shareholder (i) the 50,000 paid upon execution of the Agreement
and that was held in escrow, (ii) 1,000,000 at Closing, and (iii) 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company
also issued the Shareholder a Promissory Note (the Promissory Note in the amount of 186,537.92. The Promissory Note accrues
interest at 7 per annum and is due on December 18, 2021. The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. On December 18, 2021, the Company
and Shareholder agreed to extend the due date for the Promissory Note for 30 days. The Company made a payment of 140,000 on March 7,
2022 against the Promissory Note. 

FoamShield,
Inc. Letter of Intent 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a Letter of Intent LOI with FoamShield, Inc. (the Seller whereby
the Company would acquire all the assets used or useful in the operation of the Seller s business, including all of the tangible
and intangible assets owned by the principals of the Seller. As consideration for the acquisition of the assets, the Company shall issue
the Seller 2,000,000 shares of common stock and a 4 royalty payment on all collected net sales revenues of the FoamShield product. Upon
completion of its due diligence, the Company elected to terminate the transaction during the first quarter of 2022. 

- 5 - 

In
order to further grow its business, the Company plans to: 

expand
 its service offerings to provide additional sustainable waste management solutions that further minimize costs based on volume and
 content of waste streams, and methods of disposal, including landfills, transfer stations and recycling centers; 

Acquire
 profitable waste and recycling services companies with similar or compatible and synergistic business models, which can help the
 Company achieve these objectives; 

Offer
 innovative recycling services that significantly reduce the disposal of plastics, electronic wastes, food wastes, and hazardous wastes
 in the commercial property universe; 

Establish
 partnerships with innovative universities, municipalities and companies; and 

Attract
 investment funds who will actively work with the Company to achieve these goals and help the Company grow into a leading waste and
 recycling services supplier in North America. 

Some
potential merger/acquisition candidates have been identified and discussions initiated. These candidates are within the Company s
core business model, serving commercial properties, accretive to cash flow, and geographically favorable. While seeking to identify acquisition
candidates, the Company seeks to identify target entities with a similar core business model or a model which naturally integrates with
its own, and which are situated in opportunistic geographic locations. 

We
have unrestricted discretion in seeking and participating in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities,
economic conditions, and other factors. 

The
selection of a business opportunity in which to participate is complex and risky. Additionally, we have only limited resources and may
find it difficult to locate good opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire any business opportunity
which will ultimately prove to be beneficial to us and our shareholders. We will select any potential business opportunity based on our
management s best business judgment. 

- 6 - 

Our
activities are subject to several significant risks, which arise primarily as a result of the fact that we have no specific business
and may acquire or participate in a business opportunity based on the decision of management, which potentially could act without the
consent, vote, or approval of our shareholders. The risks faced by us are further increased as a result of its lack of resources and
our inability to provide a prospective business opportunity with significant capital. 

Licenses: 

None. 

Patents/Trademarks: 

We
currently hold no patents or trademarks. 

Research
 Development 

We
had no expenses in Research and Development costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Compliance
Expenses 

Our
company incurs annual expenses to comply with state corporate governance and business licensing requirements. We estimate these costs
to be under 2,000 per year for the establishment of foreign corporations in other states where we plan to operate. 

Labor
and Other Supplies 

We
currently have one part-time and two full-time employees (executive). We also currently have seven full-time employees at Lyell Environmental
Services and one part-time and one full-time at Amwaste. We contract all labor for public company governance services, website development,
accounting, legal and daily activities outside of management. 

Principal
Products or Services and Markets 

The
principal markets for the Company s future and recycling services will comprise property management companies, construction and
demolition companies, restaurants and retail stores, industrial and manufacturing businesses, and healthcare. 

Seasonality 

The
waste and recycling industry experiences some seasonal variance at calendar year end. 

Leases 

The
Company anticipates its most significant lease obligations will be classified as facility rental at its Nashville location. Some lease
obligations may include renewal or purchase options, escalation clauses, restrictions, penalties or other obligations that we will consider
in determining minimum lease payments. The leases will be classified as either operating leases or capital leases, as appropriate. 

- 7 - 

Governmental
Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to certain foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements relating to environmental, waste management,
and health and safety matters. We believe we operate in substantial compliance with all applicable requirements. However, material costs
and liabilities may arise from these requirements or from new, modified or more stringent requirements. Material cost may rise due to
additional manufacturing cost of raw or made parts with the application of new regulations. Our liabilities may also increase due to
additional regulations imposed by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements relating to environmental, waste management,
and health and safety matters. In addition, our past, current and future operations and those of businesses we acquire, may give rise
to claims of exposure by employees or the public or to other claims or liabilities relating to environmental, waste management or health
and safety concerns. 

Our
markets can be positively or negatively impacted by the effects of governmental and regulatory matters. We are affected not only by energy
policy, laws, regulations and incentives of governments in the markets into which we sell, but also by rules, regulations and costs imposed
by utilities. Utility companies or governmental entities could place barriers on the installation of our product or the interconnection
of the product with the electric grid. Further, utility companies may charge additional fees to customers who install on-site power generation,
thereby reducing the electricity they take from the utility, or for having the capacity to use power from the grid for back-up or standby
purposes. These types of restrictions, fees or charges could hamper the ability to install or effectively use our products or increase
the cost to our potential customers for using our systems in the future. This could make our systems less desirable, thereby adversely
affecting our revenue and profitability potential. In addition, utility rate reductions can make our products less competitive which
would have a material adverse effect on our future operations. These costs, incentives and rules are not always the same as those faced
by technologies with which we compete. Additionally, reduced emissions and higher fuel efficiency could help our future customers combat
the effects of global warming. Accordingly, we may benefit from increased government regulations that impose tighter emission and fuel
efficiency standards. 

Environmental
Regulation 

Upon
the completion of an acquisition of a waste and recycling service business, the Company will become subject to federal, state or provincial
and local environmental, health, safety and transportation laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are administered by the EPA,
Environment Canada, and various other federal, state, provincial and local environmental, zoning, transportation, land use, health and
safety agencies in the U.S. and Canada. Many of these agencies will examine our subsidiary operations to monitor compliance with these
laws and regulations and have the power to enforce compliance, obtain injunctions or impose civil or criminal penalties in case of violations.
Because the primary mission of our business is to collect, manage and recycle waste in an environmentally sound manner, a significant
portion of our capital expenditures will be related, either directly or indirectly, to supporting the Company s subsidiary operations
as they relate to compliance with federal, state, provincial and local rules. 

Competition 

We
believe we are an insignificant participant among the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many
established venture capital and financial concerns that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise
than we have. In view of our limited financial resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant
competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

In
the event we are successful in an acquisition of a company in the waste management sector, we expect to encounter intense competition
with large national waste management companies, counties and municipalities that maintain their own waste collection and disposal operations
and regional and local companies of varying sizes and financial resources. The industry also includes companies that specialize in certain
discrete areas of waste management, operators of alternative disposal facilities, companies that seek to use parts of the waste stream
as feedstock for renewable energy and other by-products, and waste brokers that rely upon haulers in local markets to address customer
needs. In recent years, the industry has seen some consolidation, though the industry remains intensely competitive. Operating costs,
disposal costs and collection fees vary widely throughout the areas in which we operate. The prices that we charge are determined locally,
and typically vary by volume and weight, type of waste collected, treatment requirements, risk of handling or disposal, frequency of
collections, distance to final disposal sites, the availability of airspace within the geographic region, labor costs and amount and
type of equipment furnished to the customer. 

Competitors
include: Waste Management (WM), Rubicon Global, Republic Services, Stericycle, Waste Connections, ServPro, Bioenergy DevCo, PegEx, Recycle
Track Systems and Liquid Environmental Solutions. 

Acquisition
Interest 

In
implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition, we may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint
venture, or licensing agreement with another company or entity. We may also acquire stock or assets of an existing business. Upon consummation
of a transaction, it is probable that our present management and stockholders will no longer be in control of us. In addition, our sole
director may, as part of the terms of the acquisition transaction, resign and be replaced by new directors without a vote of our stockholders,
or sell his stock in us. Any such sale will only be made in compliance with the securities laws of the United States and any applicable
state. 

- 8 - 

It
is anticipated that any securities issued in any such reorganization would be issued in reliance upon exemption from registration under
application federal and state securities laws. In some circumstances, as a negotiated element of the transaction, we may agree to register
all or a part of such securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter. If such registration
occurs, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after it has successfully consummated a merger or acquisition and is no longer
considered an inactive company. 

The
issuance of substantial additional securities and their potential sale into any trading market which may develop in our securities may
have a depressive effect on the value of our securities in the future. There is no assurance that such a trading market will develop. 

While
the actual terms of a transaction cannot be predicted, it is expected that the parties to any business transaction will find it desirable
to avoid the creation of a taxable event and thereby structure the business transaction in a so-called tax-free reorganization
under Sections 368(a)(1) or 351 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). In order to obtain tax-free treatment under the
Code, it may be necessary for the owner of the acquired business to own 80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. In such
event, our stockholders would retain less than 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This would result in
significant dilution in the equity of our stockholders. 

As
part of our investigation, we expect to meet personally with management and key personnel, visit and inspect material facilities, obtain
independent analysis of verification of certain information provided, check references of management and key personnel, and take other
reasonable investigative measures, to the extent of our limited financial resources and management expertise. The manner in which we
participate in an opportunity will depend on the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs and desires of both parties, and the
management of the opportunity. 

With
respect to any merger or acquisition, and depending upon, among other things, the target company s assets and liabilities, our
stockholders will in all likelihood hold a substantially lesser percentage ownership interest in us following any merger or acquisition.
The percentage ownership may be subject to significant reduction in the event we acquire a target company with assets and expectations
of growth. Any merger or acquisition can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by our stockholders. 

We
will participate in a business opportunity only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate written business agreements. Although
the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally we anticipate that such agreements will (i) require specific representations
and warranties by all of the parties; (ii) specify certain events of default; (iii) detail the terms of closing and the conditions which
must be satisfied by each of the parties prior to and after such closing; (iv) outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated
with the Company s attorneys and accountants; (v) set forth remedies on defaults; and (vi) include miscellaneous other terms. 

As
stated above, we will not acquire or merge with any entity which cannot provide independent audited financial statements within a reasonable
period of time after closing of the proposed transaction. If such audited financial statements are not available at closing, or within
time parameters necessary to insure our compliance within the requirements of the 1934 Act, or if the audited financial statements provided
do not conform to the representations made by that business to be acquired, the definitive closing documents will provide that the proposed
transaction will be voidable, at the discretion of our present management. If such transaction is voided, the definitive closing documents
will also contain a provision providing for reimbursement for our costs associated with the proposed transaction. 

Executive
Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, we have one part-time employee that serves in the role of Corporate Secretary, and two full-time employees
that serve in the roles of Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. We plan to
expand our management team within the next 12 months to include certain officers for any acquisitions and any new subsidiaries or operational
activities management deems necessary. We consider our relations with our employees and consultants to be in good standing. 

Report
to Shareholders 

The
public may read and copy these reports, statements, or other information we file at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street,
NE., Washington, DC 20549 on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. State that the public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission
at http://www.sec.gov ). 

Company
Information 

We
are a Wyoming for-profit corporation. Our corporate address is 260 Edwards Plaza, #21266, Saint Simons Island, GA 31522, our telephone
number is (833) 304-7336. The information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s stock
is quoted under the symbol DGWR on the OTC Pink. The Company s transfer agent is Transfer Online whose address is
512 SE Salmon St., Portland, OR 97214 and phone number is (503) 227-2950. 

Available
Information 

Our
website, www.deepgreenwaste.com , provides access, without charge, to our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information provided on our website is not part of this Annual
Report and is therefore not incorporated by reference unless such information is otherwise specifically referenced elsewhere in this
Annual Report. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding our company that we file electronically with the SEC. 

- 9 - 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the financial
statements and related notes that appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to invest in our securities.
These risks should be considered in conjunction with any other information included herein, including in conjunction with forward-looking
statements made herein. If any of the following risks actually occur, they could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results or prospects. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we currently deem
immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Risks
Relating to Our Financial Condition 

The
Company has limited financial resources. Our auditors have expressed in the report of independent registered public accounting firm that
there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . 

The
report of our independent registered accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern based
on the absence of significant revenues, our significant losses from operations and our need for additional financing to fund all of our
operations. It is not possible at this time for us to predict with assurance the potential success of our business. The revenue and income
potential of our proposed business and operations are unknown. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, we may be unable to continue
our operations and you may lose some or all of your investment in our common stock. 

We
have limited operational history in an emerging industry, making it difficult to accurately predict and forecast business operation. 

As
we have approximately ten years of corporate operational history and have yet to generate substantial revenue, it is extremely difficult
to make accurate predictions and forecasts on our finances. This is compounded by the fact that we operate in both the technology, retail
and cannabis industries, which are three rapidly transforming industries. There is no guarantee that our products or services will remain
attractive to potential and current users as these industries undergo rapid change or that potential customers will utilize our services. 

As
a growing company, we have yet to achieve a profit and may not achieve a profit in the near future, if at all. 

We
have not yet produced a net profit and may not in the near future, if at all. While we expect our revenue to grow, we have not achieved
profitability and cannot be certain that we will be able to sustain our current growth rate or realize sufficient revenue to achieve
profitability. Our ability to continue as a going concern may be dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions, increasing
revenue throughout the year and keeping operating expenses below our revenue levels in order to achieve positive cash flows, none of
which can be assured. 

We
may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

We
intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges,
including the need to develop new features and products or enhance our existing products, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire
complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in continued equity or debt financings to secure additional
funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could
suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of
our common stock. Any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities
and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business
opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all.
If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to
support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and our business may be harmed. 

- 10 - 

We
expect our quarterly financial results to fluctuate. 

We
expect our revenue and operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including changes
in: 

General
 economic conditions, both domestically and in foreign markets; 

Our
 ability to further our business plan in the waste management sector through organic growth; 

Our
 ability to identify acquisition targets that will become accretive to our future earnings; 

Our
 ability to manage our expansion, growth and operating expenses; 

Our
 ability to raise capital to implement our business plan; 

Our
 ability to repay our debts; 

Our
 ability to respond and adapt to changes in technology and customer behavior; and 

Various
 risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, such as the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

As
a result of the variability of these and other factors, our operating results in future quarters may be below the expectations of our
stockholders. 

General
Business Risks 

We
intend to pursue the acquisition on an operating business. 

Our
sole strategy is to acquire an operating business. Successful implementation of this strategy depends on our ability to identify a suitable
acquisition candidate, acquire such company on acceptable terms and integrate its operations. In pursuing acquisition opportunities,
we compete with other companies with similar strategies. Competition for acquisition targets may result in increased prices of acquisition
targets and a diminished pool of companies available for acquisition. Acquisitions involve a number of other risks, including risks of
acquiring undisclosed or undesired liabilities, acquired in-process technology, stock compensation expense, diversion of management attention,
potential disputes with the seller of one or more acquired entities and possible failure to retain key acquired personnel. Any acquired
entity or assets may not perform relative to our expectations. Our ability to meet these challenges has not been established. 

We
have not executed any formal agreement for a business combination or other transaction and have established no standards for business
combinations. 

Other
than expressed elsewhere in this document, we have not executed any formal arrangement, agreement or understanding with respect to engaging
in a merger with, joint venture with or acquisition of a private or public entity. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in identifying and evaluating suitable business opportunities or in concluding a business combination. We have not identified any particular
industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. There is no assurance we will be able to negotiate a business combination
on terms favorable, if at all. We have not established a specific length of operating history or specified level of earnings, assets,
net worth or other criteria which we will require a target business opportunity to have achieved, and without which we would not consider
a business combination. Accordingly, we may enter into a business combination with a business opportunity having no significant operating
history, losses, limited or no potential for earnings, limited assets, negative net worth or other negative characteristics. 

Scarcity
of, and competition for, business opportunities and combinations. 

We
believe we are an insignificant participant among the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many
established venture capital and financial concerns that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise
than we have. Nearly all such entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities
than us and, consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. Moreover, we will also compete in seeking merger or acquisition candidates with numerous other small public companies.
In view of our limited financial resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage
compared to our competitors. 

Lack
of diversification may limit future business. 

The
Company intends to engage in multiple business combinations. However, initially, the Company s proposed operations, even if successful,
will in all likelihood result in the Company engaging in a business combination with only one business opportunity. Consequently, the
Company s activities will be limited to those engaged in by the business opportunity in which the Company merges or acquires. If
the Company is unable to diversify its activities into a number of areas, that may subject the Company to economic fluctuations within
a particular business or industry and therefore increase the risks associated with the Company s operations. 

Federal
and state taxation of business combination may discourage business combinations. 

Federal
and state tax consequences will, in all likelihood, be major considerations in any business combination the Company may undertake. Currently,
such transactions may be structured so as to result in tax-free treatment to both companies, pursuant to various federal and state tax
provisions. The Company intends to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences to both
the Company and the target entity; however, there can be no assurance that such business combination will meet the statutory requirements
of a tax-free reorganization or that the parties will obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of stock or assets. A non-qualifying
reorganization could result in the imposition of both federal and state taxes, which may have an adverse effect on both parties to the
transaction, reduce the future value of the shares and potentially discourage a business combination. 

- 11 - 

We
are highly dependent on the services of key executives, the loss of whom could materially harm our business and our strategic direction.
If we lose key management or significant personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other personnel or experience
increases in our compensation costs, our business may materially suffer. 

We
are highly dependent on our management team, specifically Bill Edmonds, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and interim Chief
Financial Officer. If we lose key employees, our business may suffer. Furthermore, our future success will also depend in part on the
continued service of our management personnel and our ability to identify, hire, and retain additional key personnel. We do not carry
 key-man life insurance on the lives of any of our executives, employees or advisors. We experience intense competition
for qualified personnel and may be unable to attract and retain the personnel necessary for the development of our business. Because
of this competition, our compensation costs may increase significantly. 

We
will need to raise additional capital to continue operations over the coming year. 

We
anticipate the need to raise approximately 1,000,000 in capital to fund our operations through December 31, 2023 and approximately 2,500,000
over the next 24 months. We expect to use these cash proceeds, primarily for future acquisitions, expansion of our business plan and
to remain in full legal and accounting compliance with the SEC. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to raise these required funds
or generate sufficient revenue to remain operational. 

We
may be unable to manage growth, which may impact our potential profitability. 

Successful
implementation of our business strategy requires us to manage our growth. Growth could place an increasing strain on our management and
financial resources. To manage growth effectively, we will need to: 

Establish
 definitive business strategies, goals and objectives; 

Maintain
 a system of management controls; and 

Attract
 and retain qualified personnel, as well as, develop, train and manage management-level and other employees. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed, and our
stock price may decline. 

Our
lack of adequate D O insurance may also make it difficult for us to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers. 

We
may in the future be subject to additional litigation, including potential class action and stockholder derivative actions. Risks associated
with legal liability are difficult to assess and quantify, and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods
of time. To date, we have not obtained directors and officers liability D O insurance. While neither Florida law
nor our Articles of Incorporation or bylaws require us to indemnify or advance expenses to our officers and directors involved in such
a legal action, we have entered into an indemnification agreement with our President and intend to enter into similar agreements with
other officers and directors in the future. Without adequate D O insurance, the amounts we would pay to indemnify our officers and
directors should they be subject to legal action based on their service to the Company could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, our lack of adequate D O insurance may make it difficult for us to retain
and attract talented and skilled directors and officers, which could adversely affect our business. 

If
we are unable to maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting, the reputational effects could materially adversely
affect our business. 

Under
the provisions of Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended by the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies to perform an evaluation of Internal Control over Financial Reporting (Internal
Controls) and to report on our evaluation in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Internal Controls constitute a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP. In the event we discover material weakness in our internal controls and our remediation of such reported material weakness is ineffective,
or if in the future we are unable to maintain effective Internal Controls, additional resulting material restatements could occur, regulatory
actions could be taken, and a resulting loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements could occur. 

The
Company s bank accounts will not be fully insured. 

The
Company s regular bank accounts and the escrow account for this Offering each have federal insurance that is limited to a certain
amount of coverage. It is anticipated that the account balances in each account may exceed those limits at times. In the event that any
of Company s banks should fail, the Company may not be able to recover all amounts deposited in these bank accounts. 

The
Company s business plan is speculative. 

The
Company s present business and planned business are speculative and subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. There is no assurance
that the Company will generate significant revenues or profits. 

The
Company will likely incur debt. 

The
Company has incurred high levels of debt and expects to incur future debt in order to fund operations. As of December 31, 202, the Company
has accounts payable of 3,090,211 (of which 487,615 is due under three default judgments), four outstanding convertible debentures
totaling 757,354 and 387,535 due under a factoring agreement. Complying with obligations under such indebtedness may have a material
adverse effect on the Company and on your investment. There is high risk of default, if the Company is not able to raise additional capital
and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to do so. In the event we are unable to pay the amount due under the convertible
debenture, the noteholder may at its election convert the note into shares of the Company s common stock causing significant dilution
to our shareholders. In the event we are unable to pay the amount due under our accounts payable, creditors may elect to bring further
litigation to protect their claims or perfect their judgments. In the event the Company is not able to satisfy our debt obligations,
we may be required to cease operations. 

- 12 - 

The
Company s expenses could increase without a corresponding increase in revenues. 

The
Company s operating and other expenses could increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial results and on your investment. Factors which could increase operating and
other expenses include, but are not limited to (1) increases in the rate of inflation, (2) increases in taxes and other statutory charges,
(3) changes in laws, regulations or government policies which increase the costs of compliance with such laws, regulations or policies,
(4) significant increases in insurance premiums, and (5) increases in borrowing costs. 

The
Company will be reliant on key suppliers. 

The
Company intends to enter into agreements with key suppliers and will be reliant on positive and continuing relationships with such suppliers.
Termination of those agreements, variations in their terms or the failure of a key supplier to comply with its obligations under these
agreements (including if a key supplier were to become insolvent) could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated
financial results and on your investment. 

Increased
costs could affect the company. 

An
increase in the cost of raw materials or energy could affect the Company s profitability. Commodity and other price changes may
result in unexpected increases in the cost of raw materials, glass bottles and other packaging materials used by the Company. The Company
may also be adversely affected by shortages of raw materials or packaging materials. In addition, energy cost increases could result
in higher transportation, freight and other operating costs. The Company may not be able to increase its prices to offset these increased
costs without suffering reduced volume, sales and operating profit, and this could have an adverse effect on your investment. 

Inability
to maintain and enhance product image. 

It
is important that the Company maintains and enhances the image of its existing and new products. The image and reputation of the Company s
products and services may be impacted for various reasons including litigation, complaints from regulatory bodies resulting from quality
failure, illness or other health concerns. Such concerns, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to the Company s image and
the reputation of its products. From time to time, the Company may receive complaints from customers regarding products purchased from
the Company. The Company may in the future receive correspondence from customers requesting reimbursement. Certain dissatisfied customers
may threaten legal action against the Company if no reimbursement is made. The Company may become subject to product liability lawsuits
from customers alleging injury because of a purported defect in products or sold by the Company, claiming substantial damages and demanding
payments from the Company. The Company is in the chain of title when it manufactures, supplies or distributes products, and therefore
is subject to the risk of being held legally responsible for them. These claims may not be covered by the Company s insurance policies.
Any resulting litigation could be costly for the Company, divert management attention, and could result in increased costs of doing business,
or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any negative
publicity generated as a result of customer complaints about the Company s products could damage the Company s reputation
and diminish the value of the Company s brand, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results
of operations, and financial condition, as well as your investment. Deterioration in the Company s brand equity (brand image, reputation
and product quality) may have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial results as well as your investment. 

If
we are unable to protect effectively our intellectual property, we may not be able to operate our business, which would impair our ability
to compete. 

Our
success will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain meaningful intellectual property protection for any such intellectual property.
The names and/or logos of Company brands (whether owned by the Company or licensed to us) may be challenged by holders of trademarks
who file opposition notices, or otherwise contest trademark applications by the Company for its brands. Similarly, domains owned and
used by the Company may be challenged by others who contest the ability of the Company to use the domain name or URL. Such challenges
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial results as well as your investment. 

- 13 - 

Computer,
website or information system breakdown could affect the Company s business. 

Computer,
website and/or information system breakdowns as well as cyber security attacks could impair the Company s ability to service its
customers leading to reduced revenue from sales and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
consolidated financial results as well as your investment. 

Changes
in the economy could have a detrimental impact on the Company. 

Changes
in the general economic climate could have a detrimental impact on consumer expenditure and therefore on the Company s revenue.
It is possible that recessionary pressures and other economic factors (such as declining incomes, future potential rising interest rates,
higher unemployment and tax increases) may adversely affect customers confidence and willingness to spend. Any of such events
or occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial results and on your investment. 

The
amount of capital the company is attempting to raise in this offering is not enough to sustain the Company s current business plan. 

In
order to achieve the Company s near and long-term goals, the Company will need to procure funds in addition to the amount raised
in the Offering. There is no guarantee the Company will be able to raise such funds on acceptable terms or at all. If we are not able
to raise sufficient capital in the future, we will not be able to execute our business plan, our continued operations will be in jeopardy
and we may be forced to cease operations and sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of our remaining assets, which could
cause you to lose all or a portion of your investment. 

Additional
financing may be necessary for the implementation of our growth strategy. 

The
Company may require additional debt and/or equity financing to pursue our growth and business strategies. These include but are not limited
to enhancing our operating infrastructure and otherwise responding to competitive pressures. Given our limited operating history and
existing losses, there can be no assurance that additional financing will be available, or, if available, that the terms will be acceptable
to us. 

The
Company s business model is evolving. 

The
Company s business model is unproven and is likely to continue to evolve. Accordingly, the Company s initial business model
may not be successful and may need to be changed. The Company s ability to generate significant revenues will depend, in large
part, on the Company s ability to successfully market the Company s products to potential users who may not be convinced
of the need for the Company s products and services or who may be reluctant to rely upon third parties to develop and provide these
products. The Company intends to continue to develop the Company s business model as the Company s market continues to evolve. 

The
Company needs to increase brand awareness. 

Due
to a variety of factors, the Company s opportunity to achieve and maintain a significant market share may be limited. Developing
and maintaining awareness of the Company s brand name, among other factors, is critical. Further, the importance of brand recognition
will increase as competition in the Company s market increases. Successfully promoting and positioning the Company s brand,
products and services will depend largely on the effectiveness of the Company s marketing efforts. Therefore, the Company may need
to increase the Company s financial commitment to creating and maintaining brand awareness. If the Company fails to successfully
promote the Company s brand name or if the Company incurs significant expenses promoting and maintaining the Company s brand
name, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations. 

The
Company faces competition in the Company s markets from a number of large and small companies, some of which have greater financial,
research and development, production and other resources than does the company. 

In
many cases, the Company s competitors have longer operating histories, established ties to the market and consumers, greater brand
awareness, and greater financial, technical and marketing resources. The Company s ability to compete depends, in part, upon a
number of factors outside the Company s control, including the ability of the Company s competitors to develop alternatives
that are superior. If the Company fails to successfully compete in its markets, or if the Company incurs significant expenses in order
to compete, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations. 

- 14 - 

A
data security breach could expose the Company to liability and protracted and costly litigation and could adversely affect the Company s
reputation and operating revenues. 

To
the extent that the Company s activities involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, the Company and/or third-party
processors will receive, transmit and store confidential customer and other information. Encryption software and the other technologies
used to provide security for storage, processing and transmission of confidential customer and other information may not be effective
to protect against data security breaches by third parties. The risk of unauthorized circumvention of such security measures has been
heightened by advances in computer capabilities and the increasing sophistication of hackers. Improper access to the Company s
or these third parties systems or databases could result in the theft, publication, deletion or modification of confidential customer
and other information. A data security breach of the systems on which sensitive account information is stored could lead to fraudulent
activity involving the Company s products and services, reputational damage, and claims or regulatory actions against us. If the
Company issued in connection with any data security breach, the Company could be involved in protracted and costly litigation. If unsuccessful
in defending that litigation, the Company might be forced to pay damages and/or change the Company s business practices or pricing
structure, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating revenues and profitability. The Company
would also likely have to pay fines, penalties and/or other assessments imposed as a result of any data security breach. 

The
Company depends on third-party providers for a reliable internet infrastructure and the failure of these third parties, or the internet
in general, for any reason would significantly impair the Company s ability to conduct its business. 

The
Company will outsource some or all of its online presence and data management to third parties who host the actual servers and provide
power and security in multiple data centers in each geographic location. These third-party facilities require uninterrupted access to
the Internet. If the operation of the servers is interrupted for any reason, including natural disaster, financial insolvency of a third-party
provider, or malicious electronic intrusion into the data center, its business would be significantly damaged. As has occurred with many
Internet-based businesses, the Company may be subject to denial-of-service attacks in which unknown individuals bombard
its computer servers with requests for data, thereby degrading the servers performance. The Company cannot be certain it will
be successful in quickly identifying and neutralizing these attacks. If either a third-party facility failed, or the Company s
ability to access the Internet was interfered with because of the failure of Internet equipment in general or if the Company becomes
subject to malicious attacks of computer intruders, its business and operating results will be materially adversely affected. 

We
expect to incur substantial expenses to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. In addition, failure to maintain adequate
financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial reporting and could harm our ability to manage
our expenses. 

We
estimate that it will cost approximately 75,000 annually to maintain the proper management and financial controls for our filings required
as a public reporting company. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our stock price and
adversely affect our ability to raise capital. 

We
have a limited operating history and if we are not successful in continuing to grow our business, then we may have to scale back or even
cease ongoing business operations. 

We
are in the developmental stage of business and have yet to commence any substantive commercial operations. We have limited
history of revenues from operations. We have yet to generate positive earnings and there can be no assurance that we will ever operate
profitably. We have a limited operating history and must be considered in the developmental stage. Success is significantly dependent
on a successful drilling, completion and production program. Operations will be subject to all the risks inherent in the establishment
of a developing enterprise and the uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant operating history. We may be unable to locate
recoverable reserves or operate on a profitable basis. We are in the developmental stage and potential investors should be aware of the
difficulties normally encountered by enterprises in this stage. If the business plan is not successful, and we are not able to operate
profitably, investors may lose some or all of their investment in the Company. 

- 15 - 

Risk
to Our Common Stock and Offering 

If
we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTC Bulletin Board which would limit the ability
of broker-dealers to sell our securities in the secondary market. 

Companies
trading on the Over-the-Counter (OTC) Bulletin Board must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and must be current in their reports under Section 13, in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTC Bulletin
Board. As a result, the market liquidity for our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers
to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. In addition, we may be unable
to get relisted on the OTC Bulletin Board, which may have an adverse material effect on the Company. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the future; any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We
do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend
on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider
relevant. Our current intention is to apply net earnings, if any, in the foreseeable future to increasing our capital base and development
and marketing efforts. There can be no assurance that the Company will ever have sufficient earnings to declare and pay dividends to
the holders of our common stock, and in any event, a decision to declare and pay dividends is at the sole discretion of our board of
directors. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its
stock price appreciates. 

Authorization
of preferred stock. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights
and preferences determined from time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder
approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting
power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain
circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, we have
authorized and issued 5,000,000 and 31,000 shares (Series B Preferred Stock), respectively, of Preferred stock. Please see NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK for further information. 

- 16 - 

The
Shares are an illiquid investment and transferability of the Shares is subject to significant restriction . 

There
are substantial restrictions on the transfer of the Shares. Therefore, the purchase of the Shares must be considered a long-term investment
acceptable only for prospective investors who are willing and can afford to accept and bear the substantial risk of the investment for
an indefinite period of time. There is not a public market for the resale of the Shares. A prospective investor, therefore, may not be
able to liquidate its investment, even in the event of an emergency, and Shares may not be acceptable as collateral for a loan. 

The
market price for our common stock may be particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company, with a limited operating
history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at
or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

Our
stock price may be particularly volatile when compared to the shares of larger, more established companies that trade on a national securities
exchange and have large public floats. The volatility in our share price will be attributable to a number of factors. First, our common
stock will be compared to the shares of such larger, more established companies, sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of
this limited liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the
price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could decline precipitously in the event that a large number of shares
of our common stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand. Second, we are a speculative or risky investment
due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date, and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our potential products.
As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in
the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts
than would be the case with the stock of a larger, more established company that trades on a national securities exchange and has a large
public float. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating
performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any
time. Moreover, the OTC Bulletin Board is not a liquid market in contrast to the major stock exchanges. We cannot assure you as to the
liquidity or the future market prices of our common stock if a market does develop. If an active market for our common stock does not
develop, the fair market value of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. 

Existing
stockholders will experience significant dilution from our sale of shares under potential Securities Purchase Agreements. 

The
sale of shares pursuant to any Securities Purchase Agreements executed by the Company in the future will have a dilutive impact on our
stockholders. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly, as we sell shares pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement. In addition, for any particular advance, we will need to issue a greater number of shares of common stock under the
Securities Purchase Agreement as our stock price declines. If our stock price is lower, then our existing stockholders would experience
greater dilution. 

- 17 - 

The
Company May Issue Shares of Preferred Stock with Greater Rights than Common Stock. 

The
Company s charter authorizes the Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock and set the terms of the preferred
stock without seeking any further approval from holders of the Company s common stock. Any preferred stock that is issued may rank
ahead of the Company s common stock in terms of dividends, priority and liquidation premiums and may have greater voting rights
than the Company s common stock. 

Being
a Public Company Significantly Increases the Company s Administrative Costs. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and listing requirements subsequently adopted by the
NYSE Amex in response to Sarbanes-Oxley, have required changes in corporate governance practices, internal control policies and audit
committee practices of public companies. Although the Company is a relatively small public company, these rules, regulations, and requirements
for the most part apply to the same extent as they apply to all major publicly traded companies. As a result, they have significantly
increased the Company s legal, financial, compliance and administrative costs, and have made certain other activities more time
consuming and costly, as well as requiring substantial time and attention of our senior management. The Company expects its continued
compliance with these and future rules and regulations to continue to require significant resources. These rules and regulations also
may make it more difficult and more expensive for the Company to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and could
make it more difficult for it to attract and retain qualified members for the Company s Board of Directors, particularly to serve
on its audit committee. 

Our
shares are subject to the U.S. Penny Stock Rules and investors who purchase our shares may have difficulty re-selling their
shares as the liquidity of the market for our shares may be adversely affected by the impact of the Penny Stock Rules. 

Our
stock is subject to U.S. Penny Stock rules, which may make the stock more difficult to trade on the open market. Our common
shares are not currently traded on the OTC Bulletin Board, but it is the Company s plan that the common shares be quoted on the
OTC Bulletin Board. A penny stock is generally defined by regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC as an equity security with a market price of less than US 5.00 per share. However, an equity security with a market price under US 5.00
will not be considered a penny stock if it fits within any of the following exceptions: 

(i) 
 the
 equity security is listed on NASDAQ or a national securities exchange; 

(ii) 
 the
 issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for less than three years, and either has (a) net tangible assets
 of at least US 5,000,000, or (b) average annual revenue of at least US 6,000,000; or 

(iii) 
 the
 issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for more than three years and has net tangible assets of at least
 US 2,000,000. 

Our
common stock does not currently fit into any of the above exceptions. 

If
an investor buys or sells a penny stock, SEC regulations require that the investor receive, prior to the transaction, a disclosure explaining
the penny stock market and associated risks. Furthermore, trading in our common stock will be subject to Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act,
which relates to non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend our securities to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. Securities are exempt from this rule if their market
price is at least 5.00 per share. Since our common stock is currently deemed penny stock regulations, it may tend to reduce market liquidity
of our common stock, because they limit the broker/dealers ability to trade, and a purchaser s ability to sell, the stock
in the secondary market. 

- 18 - 

The
low price of our common stock has a negative effect on the amount and percentage of transaction costs paid by individual shareholders.
The low price of our common stock also limits our ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares. There are several
reasons for these effects. First, the internal policies of certain institutional investors prohibit the purchase of low-priced stocks.
Second, many brokerage houses do not permit low-priced stocks to be used as collateral for margin accounts or to be purchased on margin.
Third, some brokerage house policies and practices tend to discourage individual brokers from dealing in low-priced stocks. Finally,
broker s commissions on low-priced stocks usually represent a higher percentage of the stock price than commissions on higher priced
stocks. As a result, the Company s shareholders may pay transaction costs that are a higher percentage of their total share value
than if our share price were substantially higher. 

Because
we can issue additional shares of common stock, purchasers of our common stock may incur immediate dilution and experience further dilution. 

We
are authorized to issue up to 3,000,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 1,896,216,952 and 247,015,579 shares of common stock are
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause
us to issue additional shares of common stock and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent
of any of our stockholders. Consequently, the stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our stock in the future. 

A
reverse stock split may decrease the liquidity of the shares of our common stock. 

The
liquidity of the shares of our common stock may be affected adversely by a reverse stock split given the reduced number of shares that
will be outstanding following a reverse stock split, especially if the market price of our common stock does not increase as a result
of the reverse stock split. 

Following
a reverse stock split, the resulting market price of our common stock may not attract new investors, including institutional investors,
and may not satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. Consequently, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not improve. 

Although
we believe that a higher market price of our common stock may help generate greater or broader investor interest, we cannot assure you
that a reverse stock split will result in a share price that will attract new investors. 

You
may be diluted by conversions of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, convertible notes and exercises of outstanding options
and warrants. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had (i) four outstanding convertible notes with a total principal amount of 757,354, which is convertible into
an indeterminate number of shares of common stock, and (ii) 52,000 shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into
an undetermined number of shares of our common stock. Please see NOTE H CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE and NOTE J - CAPITAL
STOCK for further information. 

The
exercise of such options and warrants, conversion of the third-party notes and conversion of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
will result in further dilution of your investment. In addition, you may experience additional dilution if we issue common stock in the
future. As a result of this dilution, you may receive significantly less in net tangible book value than the full purchase price you
paid for the shares in the event of liquidation. 

Issuances
of shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock following this offering, as well as
the exercise of options and warrants outstanding, will dilute your ownership interests and may adversely affect the future market price
of our common stock. 

The
issuance of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock could be dilutive
to stockholders if they do not invest in future offerings. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public
offerings in the future. 

The
Company s shares of common stock are quoted on the OTC Marketplace, which limits the liquidity and price of the Company s
common stock. 

The
Company s shares of Common Stock are traded on the OTC Marketplace under the symbol DGWR. Quotation of the Company s
securities on the OTC Marketplace limits the liquidity and price of the Company s Common Stock more than if the Company s
shares of Common Stock were listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market or a national exchange. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to
a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending
speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable
for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for
broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders
to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our common stock. 

- 19 - 

We
are classified as a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company. Specifically, smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified
executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring
that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings. 

Because
directors and officers currently and for the foreseeable future will continue to control Green Deep Waste, it is not likely that you
will be able to elect directors or have any say in the policies of the Company. 

Our
shareholders are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. Consequently, the election of directors and all other matters requiring shareholder
approval will be decided by majority vote. The directors, officers and affiliates of Deep Green Waste beneficially own approximately
37 of our outstanding common stock either through direct ownership or through another class of capital stock that may be convertible
into shares of our common stock. Due to such significant ownership position held by our insiders, new investors may not be able to effect
a change in our business or management, and therefore, shareholders would have no recourse as a result of decisions made by management.
Our Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Director, Bill Edmonds, owns all (52,000) issued and outstanding shares
of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, which has voting rights equal to 20,000 votes for each shares of Series B held. As of
the date of this filing, Mr. Edmonds would have voting rights equal to 695,544,714 shares (1,040,000,000 voting shares through the Series
B Preferred Stock and 275,544,714 shares of common stock held) or approximately 44.8 of the shares available to vote for a matter brought
before shareholders. 

Since
we intend to retain any earnings for development of our business for the foreseeable future, you will likely not receive any dividends
for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings
to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the
foreseeable future. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

Corporate
office 

Our
current office space is located at 260 Edwards Plaza, Suite 21266, Saint Simons Island, GA 31522. We are currently entered into a month-to-month
lease, but we believe we will be at our current office space for the foreseeable future. 

Amwaste
operations 

In
conjunction with the Amwaste Asset Acquisition, the Company acquired two storage yards. The first storage yard is located at 4150 Whitlock
St., Brunswick, GA 31520 and the monthly rent is 500.00 The second storage yard is located at 288 North Harrington Rd, St. Simons Island,
GA 31522 and the monthly rent is 100. There is storage area located at 7171 Hwy 24, Townville, SC 29689 where Amwaste equipment is often
serviced and corporate Deep Green Waste Recycling documents are archived. That rent is 500 per month and like the aforementioned
is rented on month-to-month basis with no formal contract. 

Lyell
Environmental Services, Inc. operations 

In
conjunction with the Lyell Acquisition, the Company acquired an office that is located at 211 Shady Grove Rd, Nashville, TN 37214 and
the monthly rent is 2,000. 

We
believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs and that, if required, we will be able to expand our current space or
locate suitable new office space and obtain a suitable replacement for our executive and administrative headquarters. 

- 20 - 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may be a defendant and plaintiff in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business. We are currently
not a party to any material pending legal proceedings or government actions, including any bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings.
In addition, management is not aware of any known litigation or liabilities involving the operators of our properties that could affect
our operations. Should any liabilities be incurred in the future, they will be accrued based on management s best estimate of the
potential loss. As such, there is no adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow at this
time. Furthermore, Management of the Company does not believe that there are any proceedings to which any director, officer, or affiliate
of the Company, any owner of record of the beneficially or more than five percent of the common stock of the Company, or any associate
of any such director, officer, affiliate of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest
adverse to the Company. 

On
June 20, 2018, Central Ohio Contractors, Inc. Plaintiff filed a complaint against Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC Defendant with the Common Pleas Court of Franklin County, Ohio, alleging that the Defendant failed to pay Plaintiff for
services rendered from January through March 2018 in the amount of 32,580.73. On August 1, 2018, the Court issued a Default Judgment
against the Company in the amount of 32,580.73 and court costs of 251. Said total is to draw interest at the legal rate of 4.0 interest
per annum beginning on April 30, 2018. As of December 31, 2021, 32,580.73 principal plus all post-judgment interest remains due. 

On
October 30, 2018, CoreCivic of Tennessee, LLC Plaintiff filed a complaint against Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC Defendant with the Chancery Court for Davidson County, Tennessee at Nashville, alleging that the Defendant defaulted
on its payment obligations in the amount of 411,210.42 under the Master Waste Recycling Agreement entered into between the parties
and dated May 4, 2017. On January 14, 2019, the Court issued a Default Judgment Certificate against the Company in the amount of 411,210.42
principal, 11,942.00 in prejudgment interest and post-judgment interest until the judgment is paid in full for a per diem interest amount
of 81.15. As of December 31, 2021, 423,152.42 principal plus all post-judgment interest remains due. 

On
December 17, 2018, Angelo s Aggregate Materials, Ltd Plaintiff filed a complaint against Deep Green Waste 
Recycling, LLC Defendant with the Circuit Court of the Sixth Judicial Circuit in and for Pinellas County, Florida, alleging
that the Defendant failed to pay Plaintiff for services rendered from January 5, 2018 through March 31, 2018 in the amount of 29,777.41.
On January 24, 2019, the Court issued a Default Judgment against the Company in the amount of 29,777.41, court costs in the sum of 510
and prejudgment interest from April 30, 2018 to January 30, 2019, in the sum of 1,349.62, computed at the statutory rate of 5.72 per
annum, for the months of April through June 2018; 5.97 per annum for the months of July through September, 2018; 6.09 per annum for
the months of October through December, 2018; and 6.33 per annum for the month of January 2019, for a total of 31,631.03, all which
shall bear interest at the prevailing statutory rate of 6.33 per year from this date through December 31, 2019, for which let execution
issue forthwith. As of December 31, 2021, 31,631.03 principal plus all post-judgment interest remains due. 

On
December 31, 2022, management became aware of a Summons of Notice filed by Owen May and MD Global Partners with the State of New York
which names Lloyd T. Spencer and Deep Green Waste Recycling. The summons claims breach of contract and other unsubstantiated accusations
seeking 350,000 in compensatory damages and 3,500,000 in punitive damages. Deep Green has retained legal counsel in Manhattan, NY and
will vigorously defend these claims. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

- 21 - 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

The
Common Stock of the Company is currently trading on the OTCQB under the symbol DGWR. The following information reflects
the high and low closing prices of the Company s common stock on the OTCQB. 

Quarterly
 period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

First Quarter 
 0.0113 
 0.028 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0039 
 0.0017 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0027 
 0.004 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0013 
 0.0002 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 
 0.08 
 0.0211 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0341 
 0.010 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0325 
 0.0103 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0217 
 0.0051 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 554 shareholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to
finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Penny
Stock Regulations and Restrictions on Marketability 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or
quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny
stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading, (b) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the
customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of
the securities laws, (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks
and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price, (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary
actions, (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks, and (f) contains such
other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock, and
(d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

- 22 - 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks,
and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty
selling their shares of our common stock. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

We
have no equity compensation plans and accordingly we have no shares authorized for issuance under an equity compensation plan. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Transfer Online, 512 SE Salmon St., Portland, OR 97214, Tel: (503) 227-2950 Fax:
(503) 227-6874. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, each of the below transactions were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act in reliance upon Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act. 

Common
Stock 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 5,673,765 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 20,000 principal and 12,667 interest.
The 24,071 excess of the 56,738 fair value of the 5,673,765 shares over the 20,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 6, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 9,070,295 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 50,794 principal. The 19,048 excess
of the 69,841 fair value of the 9,070,295 shares over the 50,794 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 10, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 5,714,286 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 30,000 principal. The 14,571
excess of the 44,571 fair value of the 5,714,286 shares over the 30,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 5,714,286 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 30,000 principal. The 14,571
excess of the 44,571 fair value of the 5,714,286 shares over the 30,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued 11,000,000 shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to
Bill Edmonds for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to David
Bradford for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to Lloyd
Spencer for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to an
employee as per the terms of his employment agreement. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued 2,040,000 shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to Lloyd
Spencer as per the terms of his employment agreement. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued 2,220,000 shares of common stock as compensation to a Consultant. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 8,000,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 25,571 principal and 12,000 interest.
The 15,229 excess of the 52,800 fair value of the 8,000,000 shares over the 25,571 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 31, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 6,265,664 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 25,000 principal. The 9,461 excess
of the 34,461 fair value of the 6,265,664 shares over the 25,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 7,722,008 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 30,000 principal. The 14,788
excess of the 44,788 fair value of the 7,722,008 shares over the 30,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 8,163,265 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 30,000 principal. The 10,816
excess of the 40,816 fair value of the 7,722,008 shares over the 30,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 6,802,721 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 25,000 principal. The 9,014 excess
of the 34,014 fair value of the 6,802,721 shares over the 25,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 4, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 8,805,011 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 74,429 principal. The 30,404
difference of the 44,025 fair value of the 8,805,011 shares over the 74,429 liability reduction was credited to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 10, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 6,606,111 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 20,000 principal. The 8,406
excess of the 28,406 fair value of the 6,606,111 shares over the 20,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 23, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 10,084,034 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 30,000 principal. The 17,395
excess of the 47,395 fair value of the 10,084,034 shares over the 30,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

- 23 - 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 12,605,042 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 30,000 principal. The 16,639 excess
of the 46,639 fair value of the 12,605,042 shares over the 30,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
March 21, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 8,403,361 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 20,000 principal. The 11,933 excess
of the 31,933 fair value of the 8,403,361 shares over the 20,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
March 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 14,285,714 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 34,000 principal. The 14,571 excess
of the 48,571 fair value of the 14,285,714 shares over the 34,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
March 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 9,142,857 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 20,000 principal. The 11,086 excess
of the 31,086 fair value of the 9,142,857 shares over the 20,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
April 18, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 9,291,521 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 20,000 principal. The 19,024 excess
of the 39,024 fair value of the 9,291,521 shares over the 20,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 15,419,501 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 34,000 principal. The 30,762 excess
of the 64,762 fair value of the 15,419,501 shares over the 34,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 9,070,295 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 20,000 principal. The 10,839 excess
of the 30,839 fair value of the 9,070,295 shares over the 20,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 27, 2022, the Company issued a consultant 4,337,350 shares of common stock for services rendered. The 13,446 fair value of the
4,337,350 shares was charged to professional and consulting fees in the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 28, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 11,065,760 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 24,400 principal. The 9,904 excess
of the 34,304 fair value of the 11,065,760 shares over the 24,400 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 29, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 6,000,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 13,020 principal. The 6,180 excess
of the 19,200 fair value of the 6,000,000 shares over the 13,020 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 6,748,328 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 11,101 principal. The 6,445 excess
of the 17,546 fair value of the 6,748,328 shares over the 11,101 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
August 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 11,428,571 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 14,000 principal. The 7,714 excess
of the 21,714 fair value of the 11,428,571 shares over the 14,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
August 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 7,518,797 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 10,000 principal. The 4,286 excess
of the 14,286 fair value of the 7,518,797 shares over the 10,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended September 30, 2022. 

- 24 - 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 13,824,885 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 15,000 principal. The 5,737 excess
of the 20,737 fair value of the 13,824,885 shares over the 15,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
August 31, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 21,198,157 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 23,000 principal. The 8,797 excess
of the 31,797 fair value of the 21,198,157 shares over the 23,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 14,285,714 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 15,000 principal. The 6,429
excess of the 21,429 fair value of the 14,285,714 shares over the 15,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 22,857,143 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 20,000 principal. The 12,000
excess of the 32,000 fair value of the 22,857,143 shares over the 20,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 26,285,714 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 23,000 principal. The 13,800
excess of the 36,800 fair value of the 26,285,714 shares over the 23,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
October 10, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 28,571,428 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 14,000 principal. The 17,429
excess of the 31,429 fair value of the 28,571,428 shares over the 14,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 11, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 28,571,429 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 15,000 principal. The 10,714
excess of the 25,714 fair value of the 28,571,429 shares over the 15,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 32,040,816 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 15,700 principal. The 13,137
excess of the 28,837 fair value of the 32,404,816 shares over the 15,700 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 18, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 33,197,959 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 16,267 principal. The 10,291
excess of the 26,558 fair value of the 33,197,959 shares over the 16,267 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 35,360,122 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 17,300 principal. The 7,414
excess of the 24,714 fair value of the 35,306,122 shares over the 17,300 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 66,766,917 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 22,200 principal. The 37,890
excess of the 60,090 fair value of the 66,766,917 shares over the 22,200 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 62,857,143 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 22,000 principal. The 34,571
excess of the 56,571 fair value of the 62,857,143 shares over the 22,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
November 28, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 28,828,738 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 9,081.05 principal. The 2,450
excess of the 11,531 fair value of the 28,828,738 shares over the 9,081.05 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of
debt in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 74,809,523 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 15,710 principal. The 14,214
excess of the 29,924 fair value of the 74,809,523 shares over the 15,710 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

- 25 - 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 66,428,571 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 18,600 principal. The 7,971
excess of the 26,571 fair value of the 66,428,571 shares over the 18,600 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder 80,952,381 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 17,000 principal. The 7,286
excess of the 24,286 fair value of the 80,952,381 shares over the 17,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder 6,802,721 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 39,167 principal. The 28,860
excess of the 68,027 fair value of the 6,802,721 shares over the 39,167 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
December 15, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder 5,714,286 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 35,677 principal and 5,323 interest.
The 19,000 excess of the 60,000 fair value of the 5,714,286 shares over the 41,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
December 8, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder 4,264,392 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 31,343 interest. The 17,697 excess
of the 49,041 fair value of the 4,264,392 shares over the 31,343 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
December 8, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder 2,448,980 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 18,000 interest. The 10,163 excess
of the 28,163 fair value of the 2,448,980 shares over the 18,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder 2,082,128 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 18,000 interest. The 7,610 excess
of the 25,610 fair value of the 2,082,128 shares over the 18,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
November 15, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder 3,000,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 30,000 interest. The 27,000
excess of the 57,000 fair value of the 3,000,000 shares over the 30,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

- 26 - 

On
November 15, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder 1,800,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 18,000 interest. The 16,200
excess of the 34,200 fair value of the 1,800,000 shares over the 18,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 19, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock as per the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement with Jeremy
Lyell. 

On
October 15, 2021, the Company issued a total of 300,000 shares of common stock to three employees (100,000 shares each) for services
rendered. 

On
October 14, 2021, the Company issued 2,298,852 shares of common stock each to two Investors as per the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement
entered into by the Company on the same date. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company issued Bill Edmonds, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, 2,000,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction
for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The 48,000 fair value of the 2,000,000 shares at October 6, 2021 was charged to officers
and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company issued David Bradford, the Company s Chief Operating Officer, 6,000,000 shares of common stock in
satisfaction for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The 144,000 fair value of the 6,000,000 shares at October 6, 2021 was charged
to officers and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company issued Lloyd Spencer, the Company s then Chief Executive Officer, 2,000,000 shares of common stock
in satisfaction for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The 48,000 fair value of the 2,000,000 shares at October 6, 2021 was
charged to officers and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 5, 2021, the Company issued Lloyd Spencer, the Company s then Chief Executive Officer, 4,000,000 shares of common stock
under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan. The 98,000 fair value of the 4,000,000 shares at October 5, 2021 was charged
to officers and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
September 21, 2021, the Company issued a warrant holder 4,512,497 shares of common stock as a cashless exercise of a warrant. 

On
July 9, 2021, the Company issued 7,823,177 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 41,000 principal and 3,062 interest. The 114,748
excess of the 158,810 fair value of the 7,823,177 shares over the 44,062 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

On
July 8, 2021, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of the Commitment Shares to a noteholder as per the
terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

On
July 2, 2021, the Company issued 4,629,964 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 35,340 principal and 774 interest. The 72,690
excess of the 108,804 fair value of the 4,629,964 shares over the 36,114 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

On
July 2, 2021, the Company issued 4,344,595 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 33,888 principal. The 68,210 excess of the 102,098
fair value of the 4,344,595 shares over the 33,888 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended September 30, 2021. 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company issued 8,300,345 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 64,554 principal and 189 interest. The 98,774
excess of the 163,517 fair value of the 8,300,345 shares over the 64,743 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

- 27 - 

On
June 24, 2021, the Company issued 14,700,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 114,660 principal. The 120,540 excess of the
 235,200 fair value of the 14,700,000 shares over the 114,660 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three
months ended June 30, 2021. 

On
June 24, 2021, the Company issued 7,225,972 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 51,369 principal and 658 interest. The 63,589
excess of the 115,616 fair value of the 7,225,972 shares over the 52,027 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended June 30, 2021. 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company issued 6,000,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 60,000 principal. The 123,600 excess of the 183,600
fair value of the 6,000,000 shares over the 60,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended June 30, 2021. 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 40,000 principal. The 83,600 excess of the 123,600
fair value of the 4,000,000 shares over the 40,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended June 30, 2021. 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of common stock in satisfaction of 25,000 principal. The 51,500 excess of the 76,500
fair value of the 2,500,000 shares over the 25,000 liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended June 30, 2021. 

On
March 19, 2021, the Company issued 750,000 restricted shares of its common stock to a consultant for services rendered. 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company issued Lloyd Spencer (Company CEO) 1,616,379 restricted shares of its common stock (850,000 shares vested
from August 2020 to December 2020 pursuant to the Employment Agreement dated December 4, 2019 and 766,379 shares vested in 2020 pursuant
to the Board of Directors Services Agreement dated January 9, 2020). 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company issued Bill Edmonds (Company CFO) 766,379 restricted shares of its common stock which vested in 2020 pursuant
to the Board of Directors Services Agreement dated January 9, 2020. 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock to the Seller of the AmWaste assets as per the terms of the
Asset Purchase Agreement. 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and the related notes, and other financial information included in this report. 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking.
Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like:
 believe , expect , estimate , anticipate , intend , project 
and similar expressions, or words that, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or our predictions. These risks
and uncertainties include international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage,
or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government
regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant
customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans;
business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign currency
exchange rate; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute
to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Although
the forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements
can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject
to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking
statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in herein and in our other reports as we
attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations
and prospects. 

Our
financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (USD or US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles. All references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

Overview 

Deep
Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (f/k/a Critic Clothing, Inc.) Deep Green , the Company , we ,
 us , or our is a publicly quoted company seeking to create value for its shareholders by seeking to acquire
other operating entities for growth in return for shares of our common stock. 

The
Company was organized as a Nevada Corporation on August 24, 1995 under the name of Evader, Inc. On May 25, 2012, the Company filed its
Foreign Profit Corporation Articles of Domestication to change the domicile of the Company from Nevada to Wyoming. On November 4, 2015,
the Company filed an Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to change the name of the Company to Critical Clothing, Inc. and on August
28, 2017 an Amendment was filed to change the Company name to Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. 

Deep
Green was a full-service waste recycling company that managed services to and logistics for large commercial properties throughout
the continental U.S. The Company served retail malls and shopping centers, multi-family apartment and townhome communities, hospitals,
hotels, correctional institutions, office parks and more. Our unique value proposition was in the design and execution of end-to-end
waste management programs for our clients. Our programs not only saved money on direct waste disposal, lower administrative costs and
equipment costs, but they also provided income from direct recycling rebates. We had a presence in over 30 states across all regions
of the United States and served approximately 300 commercial customers. 

- 28 - 

On
August 10, 2017, our majority shareholder and our board of directors approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation for the purpose
of approving a reverse split of one to one thousand in which each shareholder will be issued one common share in exchange for every one
thousand common shares of their currently issued common stock. Prior to approval of the reverse split, we had a total of 99,997,102,862
issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.0001. On September 27, 2017, the effective date of the reverse split, we
had a total of 99,997,102 issued and 90,697,102 outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.0001. 

On
August 24, 2017, the Company entered into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations
(the Agreement with St. James Capital Management, LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company transferred and assigned
all of the assets of the Company related to its extreme sports apparel design and manufacturing business in exchange for the assumption
of certain liabilities and cancellation of 3,000,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. 

On
August 24, 2017, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement with Deep Green Acquisition, LLC, a
Georgia limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Deep Green Waste and Recycling,
LLC, a privately held Georgia limited liability company Deep Green Waste ). In connection with the closing of this merger
transaction, Merger Sub merged with and into Deep Green Waste (the Merger on August 24, 2017, with the filing of Articles
of Merger with the Georgia Secretary of State. 

On
October 1, 2017, the Company acquired Compaction and Recycling Equipment Inc (CARE), a Portland, Oregon based company that sells and
services waste and recycling equipment. The Company purchased 100 of the common stock for 902,700, of which 586,890 was paid in cash
at closing and a promissory note was executed in the amount of 315,810. The note pays simple interest at the rate of 7 per annum on
the outstanding balance due, amortized over forty-eight months and payable in quarterly installments, with the first payment being due
on the first day of the first month following 90 days after closing. Please see NOTE G DEBT for further information. 

On
October 1, 2017, the Company acquired Columbia Financial Services Inc (CFSI), a Portland, Oregon based company that finances the purchases
of waste and recycling equipment. Deep Green purchased 100 of the common stock for 597,300, of which 418,110 was paid in cash at closing
and a promissory note was executed in the amount of 179,190. The note pays simple interest at the rate of 7 per annum on the outstanding
balance due, amortized over forty-eight months and payable in quarterly installments, with the first payment being due on the first day
of the first month following 90 days after closing. Please see NOTE G DEBT for further information. 

On
August 7, 2018, the Company entered into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Subsidiaries and Assumption of Obligations
(the Agreement with Mirabile Corporate Holdings, Inc. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company transferred all capital
stock of its two wholly owned subsidiaries, Compaction and Recycling Equipment, Inc. and Columbia Financial Services, Inc., to Mirabile
Corporate Holdings, Inc. in exchange for the assumption and cancellation of certain liabilities. 

On
February 8, 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary DG Research, Inc. (the Buyer ), entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Amwaste, Inc. (the Seller ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the
Buyer has agreed to purchase from the Seller certain assets (the Assets utilized in the Seller s waste management
business located in Glynn County, Georgia. In consideration for the purchase of the Assets, the Buyer shall pay the seller 150,000 and
issue the Seller 2,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock. The Buyer shall remit 50,000 at Closing and shall
issue the Seller a Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of 110,000. The Note principal shall be reduced by 10,000
if the Note is paid in full on or before March 8, 2021. The Note is secured by the Assets purchased through the Agreement. The transaction
closed on February 11, 2021. At Closing, the Buyer remitted the 50,000 payment. On February 16, 2021, the Company issued the Seller
the 2,000,000 shares of restricted common stock. 

On
July 11, 2021, the Company s Board unanimously approved an Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation (the Authorized Share
Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from 250,000,000 to 500,000,000 and to increase
the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock of the Company from 2,000,000 to 5,000,000 with the Board maintaining the discretion
of whether or not to implement the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. On July 11, 2021, the Majority Stockholders
delivered an executed written consent in lieu of a special meeting (the Stockholder Consent authorizing and approving
the Authorized Share Amendment and the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Jeremy Lyell (the Shareholder and Lyell Environmental Services, Inc. (hereinafter LES ). On October 19, 2021, the Company closed on the Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Agreement with Jeremy Lyell (the Shareholder ). In consideration for the purchase of all Lyell
Environmental Services, Inc. shares from the Shareholder, the Company was to pay the Shareholder (i) 50,000 upon execution of the Agreement
that was held in escrow, (ii) 1,300,000 at Closing, and (iii) 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Under the amended
Agreement (the Amended Agreement ), the Company paid to the Shareholder (i) the 50,000 paid upon execution of the Agreement
and that was held in escrow, (ii) 1,000,000 at Closing, and (iii) 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company
also issued the Shareholder a Promissory Note (the Promissory Note in the amount of 186,537.92. The Promissory Note accrues
interest at 7 per annum and is due on December 18, 2021. The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. The Company made a payment of 140,000
on March 7, 2022 against the Promissory Note. 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a Letter of Intent LOI with FoamShield, Inc. (the Seller whereby
the Company would acquire all the assets used or useful in the operation of the Seller s business, including all of the tangible
and intangible assets owned by the principals of the Seller. As consideration for the acquisition of the assets, the Company shall issue
the Seller 2,000,000 shares of common stock and a 4 royalty payment on all collected net sales revenues of the FoamShield product. Upon
completion of its due diligence, the Company elected to terminate the transaction during the first quarter of 2022. 

- 29 - 

Results
of Operations 

December
 31, 
 2022 

December
 31, 
 2021 

Change 

Change 

Gross
 revenue 

1,053,612 

363,056 

690,556 

190 

Cost
 of Sales 

395,829 

169,605 

226,224 

133 

Gross
 Profit 

657,783 

193,451 

464,332 

240 

Operating
 Expenses 

1,442,021 

1,217,908 

224,113 

18 

Loss
 from Operations 

(784,238) 

(1,024,457) 

240,219 

-23 

Other
 income (expense) 

(409,983) 

(2,376,405) 

1,966,422 

-83 

Net
 income (loss) 

(1,194,221) 

(3,400,862) 

2,206,641 

6 5 

Net
 loss per share - basic and diluted 

(0.00) 

(0.02) 

(0.02) 

- 
 2 

Operating
Revenues 

Since
our inception on August 24, 1995, we have generated minimal revenue from our operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in
our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including the financial
risks associated with the limited capital resources currently available to us and risks associated with the implementation of our business
strategies. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated 1,053,612 and 363,056 in revenue, respectively. 

Gross
Profit 

Our
Gross Profit was 657,783 and 193,451 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
anticipate that our cost of revenues will increase in 2023 and for the foreseeable future as we expand our operations in the waste and
recycling sector. 

Operating
Expenses and Net Loss 

Our
operating expenses were 1,442,021 and 1,217,908 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
incurred 40,618 and 0 in advertising expenses during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
incurred 271,333 and 491,770 in officer compensation during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company anticipates that
it will need to expand its management team with future acquisitions or joint ventures. 

Loss
from Operations 

The
Company s loss from operations decreased to 784,238 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,024,457 in 2021, a decrease of
 240,219. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Other
income (expenses) included loss on derivative liability, loss on conversions of notes payable and interest expense offset by gain on
settlement of a note payable in the amount of 409,983) the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2,376,405) the year ended
December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,966,422). The increase in other income (expenses) in fiscal year 2021 was largely attributable to
the gain on derivative liability and the remainder a result of improvement on conversion losses in the .amount of 470,592. 

Net
Income (Loss) 

For
the fiscal year ended 2022, our net loss decreased to 1,194,221), as compared to a net loss of 3,400,862) for the year ended December
31, 2021, a decrease of 2,206,641). The decrease in net loss was largely attributable to the loss on derivative liability and interest
expense as well as 464,332 increase from Gross Profit. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working
Capital 

Year
 ended December 31, 
2022 
 Year
 ended December 31, 
2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 229,837 
 231,280 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 4,998,447 
 5,992,412 
 
 Working Capital (Deficit) 
 (4,768,610 
 (5,761,132 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 36,616 and total current assets of 229,837 compared with cash of 36,619 and total current
assets of 231,280 at December 31, 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had total current liabilities of 4,998,447 compared to 5,992,412 at December 31, 2021.. The decrease
in liabilities is largely due to a decrease in derivative liabilities. 

The
overall working capital deficit improved from 5,761,132 at December 31, 2021 to 4,768,610 at December 31, 2022, an improvement of 992,522. 

Cash
Flows 

Year
 ended December 31, 
2022 
 Year
 ended December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash Flows from (used in) Operating
 Activities 
 (209,894 
 (493,003 
 
 Cash Flows from (used in) Investing Activities 
 (1,964 
 (1,320,045 
 
 Cash Flows from (used in) Financing Activities 
 207,855 
 1,848,910 
 
 Net Increase in Cash During Period 
 (3 
 35,862 

Cashflow
from Operating Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used cash of 209,894 in operating activities compared to cash used of 493,003 from operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used from operating activities was largely attributable to an increase
in amortization of debt discounts. 

Cashflow
from Investing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used cash of 1,964 in investing activities compared to cash used of 1,320,045 from investing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used from investing activities was largely attributable to its
acquisition of its subsidiary, Lyell Environmental Services, Inc.in 2021. 

Cashflow
from Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 207,855 compared to 1,848,910 for the year ended December
31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received 300,000 from the issuance of convertible notes payable and 71,308
from other debt compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, when the Company received 1,706,500 from the issuance of convertible notes
payable and 142,410 from other debt. 

We
currently have no external sources of liquidity, such as arrangements with credit institutions or off-balance sheet arrangements that
will have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or immediate access to capital. 

We
are dependent on our product sales to fund our operations and may require the sale of additional common stock to maintain operations.
Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity in the form of cash advances,
loans, and/or financial guarantees. 

If
we are unable to raise the funds required to fund our operations, we will seek alternative financing through other means, such as borrowings
from institutions or private individuals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital we need for our operations
from the sale of our securities. We have not located any sources for these funds and may not be able to do so in the future. We expect
that we will seek additional financing in the future. However, we may not be able to obtain additional capital or generate sufficient
revenues to fund our operations. If we are unsuccessful at raising sufficient funds, for whatever reason, to fund our operations, we
may be forced to cease operations. If we fail to raise funds, we expect that we will be required to seek protection from creditors under
applicable bankruptcy laws. 

Convertible
Debentures 

- 30 - 

(i) 
 On
 July 2, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with Labrys Fund, LP Labrys and issued Labrys a Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of One Hundred Thousand and NO/100 Dollars 100,000).
 The Note was convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity (July 2, 2022) at the option of
 the holder at the Conversion Price that shall equal 0.015. Holder was entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in
 each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. The Note had a term of one (1)
 year and bore interest at 12 annually. The transaction closed on July 2, 2021. As part and parcel of the foregoing transaction,
 Labrys was issued a warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock
 at an exercise price of 0.02 for a term of 5-years. On July 8, 2021, the Company issued Labrys 1,000,000 shares of common stock
 as Commitment Shares as per the terms of the SPA. 

(ii) 
 On
 October 14, 2021, the Company (the Borrower entered into a Note Purchase Agreement NPA with each of
 BHP Capital NY Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (together, the Investors and issued each of the Investors a Secured Convertible
 Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of Six Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-Seven and NO/100 Dollars
 666,667). The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity (October 14, 2022) at
 the option of the holder at the Fixed Conversion Price that shall be the lesser of: (a) 0.01 or (b) 70 multiplied by the Market
 Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 30 (the Fixed Conversion Price ). Market Price 
 means the average of the two lowest Closing Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Trading Day period
 ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date Trading Day shall mean any day on which the
 Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTCBB, OTCQB or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on
 which the Common Stock is then being quoted or traded. To the extent the Conversion Price of the Borrower s Common Stock closes
 below the par value per share, the Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the
 par value of the Common Stock to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending
 this adjustment. If the shares of the Borrower s Common Stock have not been delivered within three (3) business days to the
 Holder, the Notice of Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such
 date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the
 Holder for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. If at
 any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then
 at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion
 Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such
 additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable
 upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted
 by the Holder to the par value price. The Note has a term of one (1) year and bears interest at 10 annually. As part and parcel
 of the foregoing transaction, each of the Investors was issued 2,298,852 shares of common stock as Commitment shares and a warrant
 (the Warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to 66,666,667 shares of the Company s common stock
 at an exercise price of 0.015 for a term of 5-years. The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 202,918
 principal plus 0 interest were due on the Quick Capital Note. 

(iii) 
 On
 October 14, 2021, the Company (the Borrower entered into a Note Purchase Agreement
 NPA with each of BHP Capital NY Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (together, the
 Investors and issued each of the Investors a Secured Convertible Promissory
 Note (the Note in the amount of Six Hundred Sixty-Six Thousand Six Hundred
 Sixty-Seven and NO/100 Dollars 666,667). The Note is convertible, in whole or in part,
 at any time and from time to time before maturity (October 14, 2022) at the option of the
 holder at the Fixed Conversion Price that shall be the lesser of: (a) 0.01 or (b) 70 multiplied
 by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 30 (the Fixed
 Conversion Price ). Market Price means the average of the two lowest
 Closing Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Trading Day
 period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date Trading
 Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the
 OTCBB, OTCQB or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which
 the Common Stock is then being quoted or traded. To the extent the Conversion Price of the
 Borrower s Common Stock closes below the par value per share, the Borrower will take
 all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par value of
 the Common Stock to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all
 conversions submitted pending this adjustment. If the shares of the Borrower s Common
 Stock have not been delivered within three (3) business days to the Holder, the Notice of
 Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for
 such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair
 market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the Holder for which the calculation
 of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes.
 If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less
 than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion
 Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for
 such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
 Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the
 extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to
 equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
 not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. The Note has a term of one (1) year
 and bears interest at 10 annually. As part and parcel of the foregoing transaction, each
 of the Investors was issued 2,298,852 shares of common stock as Commitment shares and a warrant
 (the Warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to 66,666,667 shares
 of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.015 for a term of 5-years.
 The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 235,400 principal plus
 0 interest were due on the BHP Note. 

(iv) 
 On
 February 28, 2022, the Company (the Borrower entered into a Note Purchase Agreement NPA with each
 of BHP Capital NY Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (together, the Investors and issued each of the Investors a Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of One Hundred Eighty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred and NO/100 Dollars
 187,500). The Notes have a term of one (1) year Maturity Date of February 28, 2023) and shall have a one-time interest
 charge of ten percent (10 ). The Borrower is to repay each Note with monthly payments as follows: (i) beginning on the four-month
 anniversary of the issue date, the Borrower is to pay 4,489.92 per month for months four through eleven, and (ii) then a balloon
 payment in the amount of 170,330.64 on the Maturity Date. The Notes are convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time after
 an Event of Default in any portion at the Default Conversion Price, in the sole discretion of the Holder. The Default Conversion
 Price shall mean 0.0005 per share. To the extent the Conversion Price of the Borrower s Common Stock closes below the
 par value per share, the Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par value
 of the Common Stock to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this adjustment.
 If the shares of the Borrower s Common Stock have not been delivered within three (3) business days to the Holder, the Notice
 of Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would
 be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal
 such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal,
 where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary
 to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have
 been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. The transaction closed on March 2, 2022.. 

On
 February 28, 2022, the Company (the Borrower entered into a Note Purchase Agreement NPA with each
 of BHP Capital NY Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (together, the Investors and issued each of the Investors a Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of One Hundred Eighty-Seven Thousand Five Hundred and NO/100 Dollars
 187,500). The Notes have a term of one (1) year Maturity Date of February 28, 2023) and shall have a one-time interest
 charge of ten percent (10 ). The Borrower is to repay each Note with monthly payments as follows: (i) beginning on the four-month
 anniversary of the issue date, the Borrower is to pay 4,489.92 per month for months four through eleven, and (ii) then a balloon
 payment in the amount of 170,330.64 on the Maturity Date. The Notes are convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time after
 an Event of Default in any portion at the Default Conversion Price, in the sole discretion of the Holder. The Default Conversion
 Price shall mean 0.0005 per share. To the extent the Conversion Price of the Borrower s Common Stock closes below the
 par value per share, the Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par value
 of the Common Stock to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this adjustment.
 If the shares of the Borrower s Common Stock have not been delivered within three (3) business days to the Holder, the Notice
 of Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would
 be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal
 such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal,
 where Additional Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary
 to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have
 been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. The transaction closed on March 2, 2022.. 

Notes
in General 

The
Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of common stock of the Company based upon a discount to the market price. The conversion
terms of these Convertible Notes are based upon a discount to the then-prevailing average of the lowest trading bid prices (as described
above for each separate note) and, as a result, the lower the stock price at the time the holders convert the Convertible Notes, the
more shares of our common stock the holders will receive. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of these Convertible
Notes is indeterminate. If the trading price of our common stock is lower when the conversion price of these Convertible Notes is determined,
we would be required to issue a higher number of shares of our common stock, which could cause substantial dilution to our stockholders.
In addition, if the holders opt to convert these Convertible Notes into shares of our common stock and sell those shares it could result
in an imbalance of supply and demand for our common stock and resulting in lower trading prices for our common stock as reported by the
OTC Pink. The further our stock price declines, the further the adjustment of the conversion price will fall and the greater the number
of shares we will have to issue upon conversion. 

In
addition, the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Note is potentially limitless. While the overall ownership
of each individual Holder at any one moment may be limited to 9.99 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock, each holder
may be free to sell any shares into the market that have previously been issued to them, thereby enabling them to convert the remaining
portion of these Convertible Notes. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

- 31 - 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements 
 
 Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficiency for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6
 to F-27 

- 32 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders (deficiency), and cash flows for
the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying financial statements referred to above have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note M to the financial statements, the Company s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note M. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/
 Michael T. Studer CPA P.C 

May
 12, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

F- 1 

DEEP
GREEN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net
 of allowance for doubtful accounts of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Other
 Current Assets 

Total
 current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net 

Other assets: 

Deposits 

Total
 other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of debt 

Convertible notes payable,
 net of debt discounts of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation 

Accrued interest 

Customer deposits payable 

Derivative
 liability 

Total
 current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Long-term
 portion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 long-term liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common stock, par value; 
 and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred Stock, 
 par value, per share stated value, shares authorized; and shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total stockholders 
 deficit 

Total liabilities and
 stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

F- 2 

DEEP
GREEN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 2021 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 2021 

Revenues 

Total
 revenues 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses: 

Officer
 and director compensation (including stock-based compensation of and , respectively) 

Professional
 and consulting (including stock-based compensation of and , respectively) 

Provision
 for doubtful accounts 

Other
 selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation
 of property and equipment 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 (loss) 

Other
 income/(expense): 

Derivative
 liability (expense) income 

Interest
 expense (including amortization of debt discounts of and , respectively) 

Gain
 on settlement of note payable 

Loss
 on conversions of notes payable 

Other 

Total
 other (expense) 

Net
 (loss) 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share 

Basic
 and diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

DEEP
GREEN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIENCY) 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Series B 
 
 Additional 

Preferred
 stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balances at
 January 1, 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock for consulting services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock to employees, officers and directors for accrued compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock as part of Amwaste asset purchase 

Issuance
 of common stock in satisfaction of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants as part of convertible notes financings 
 - 
 - 

- 

Warrant cashless exercise 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock as part of purchase of Lyell Environmental Services, Inc. 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of Preferred B Shares to Officer in partial satisfaction of note payable 

Issuance
 of Preferred B Shares to Officer in partial satisfaction of note payable, shares 

Net
 loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances
 at December 31, 2021 

Balances 
 31,000 
 
 247,015,579 

Issuance
 of common stock for consulting services 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock to employees, officers and directors for accrued compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock in satisfaction of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Preferred B Shares to Officer in partial satisfaction of note payable 

Net
 loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 

Balances
 at December 31, 2022 

Balances 
 52,000 
 
 1,721,740,762 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 4 

DEEP
GREEN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income
 (loss) for the period 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization
 of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible
 assets 

Amortization of Debt Discounts 

Derivative liability (income)
 expense 

Provision for doubtful
 accounts 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss on conversions of
 notes payable 

Gain on Note Settlement 

Loss on disposal of equipment 
 - 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Deposits 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation 

Accrued
 interest 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of Amwaste
 assets 
 - 

Acquisition of Lyell Environmental
 Services, Inc. 
 - 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible
 notes payable 

Repayment of note issued
 in Lyell Acquisition 

Proceeds
 from other debt - net 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosure
 of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the year
 for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Non-Cash investing and financing
 activities: 

Initial derivative liability
 charged to debt discount 
 - 

Issuance of shares,
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock in partial satisfaction of note payable to CEO 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock
 to officers for accrued compensation 

Issuance of common stock
 in satisfaction of loans payable to officers 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock
 in satisfaction of deferred compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Due to seller of Lyell
 recognized and added to goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock
 and note payable to Seller of Amwaste, Inc. assets: 

Common stock 
 - 

Note
 payable 
 - 

Total 
 - 

Issuance of common stock
 and note payable to Seller of Lyell Environmental Services, Inc.: 

Common stock 
 - 

Note
 payable 
 - 

Total 
 - 

Conversions of Convertible
 Notes Payable: 

Principal 

Accrued
 interest and charges 

Total debt satisfied 

Fair
 value of and shares, respectively, issued to lenders 

Loss
 on conversions of convertible notes payable 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DEEP
GREEN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares (as adjusted for the September 27, 2017 of common stock of the Company. 

On
August 24, 2017, the Company acquired all the membership units of Deep Green Waste and Recycling, LLC DGWR LLC ), a Georgia
limited liability company engaged in the waste recycling business since 2011, in exchange for shares (as adjusted for the
September 27, 2017 of the Company s common stock. The transaction was accounted
for as a reverse merger where DGWR LLC was considered the accounting acquiror and the Company was considered the accounting
acquiree. 

Effective
October 1, 2017, Deep Green acquired Compaction and Recycling Equipment, Inc. (CARE), a Portland, Oregon based company that sells and
services waste and recycling equipment. Deep Green purchased of the common stock for . was paid in cash at closing
and a promissory note was executed in the amount of . Please see NOTE G DEBT for further information. 

Effective
October 1, 2017, Deep Green acquired Columbia Financial Services, Inc, (CFSI), a Portland, Oregon based company that finances the purchases
of waste and recycling equipment. Deep Green purchased of the common stock for . was paid in cash at closing and
a promissory note was executed in the amount of . Please see NOTE G DEBT for further information. 

On
August 7, 2018, the Company entered into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Subsidiaries and Assumption of Obligations
(the Agreement with Mirabile Corporate Holdings, Inc. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company transferred all capital
stock of its two wholly owned subsidiaries, Compaction and Recycling Equipment, Inc. and Columbia Financial Services, Inc., to Mirabile
Corporate Holdings, Inc. in exchange for the assumption and cancellation of certain liabilities. Deep Green s Chief Executive Officer
owned a equity interest in Mirabile Corporate Holdings, Inc. 

On
August 7, 2018, the Company ceased its waste recycling business. 

In
the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, the Company re-launched its waste and recycling services operation and has begun to re-engage
with customers, waste haulers and recycling centers, which are critical elements of its historically successful business model: designing
and managing waste programs for commercial and institutional properties for cost savings, ease of operation, and minimal administrative
stress for its clients. 

Asset
Purchase Agreement 

On
February 8, 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary DG Research, Inc. (the Buyer ), entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Amwaste, Inc. (the Seller ). Under the terms of the Agreement, the
Buyer agreed to purchase from the Seller certain assets (the Assets utilized in the Seller s waste management business
located in Glynn County, Georgia. In consideration for the purchase of the Assets, the Buyer paid the seller and issued the
Seller shares of the Company s restricted common stock. The Buyer remitted at Closing and issued the Seller a
Promissory Note (the Note in the amount of , which was paid . The Note was secured by the Assets
purchased through the Agreement. The transaction closed on February 11, 2021. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Jeremy Lyell (the Shareholder and Lyell Environmental Services, Inc. (hereinafter LES ). On October 19, 2021, the Company closed on the Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Agreement with Jeremy Lyell (the Shareholder ). In consideration for the purchase of all Lyell
Environmental Services, Inc. shares from the Shareholder, the Company was to pay the Shareholder (i) upon execution of the Agreement
that was held in escrow, (ii) at Closing, and (iii) shares of the Company s common stock. Under the amended
Agreement (the Amended Agreement ), the Company paid to the Shareholder (i) the paid upon execution of the Agreement
and that was held in escrow, (ii) at Closing, and (iii) shares of the Company s common stock. The Company
also issued the Shareholder a Promissory Note (the Promissory Note in the amount of . The Promissory Note accrues
interest at per annum and was due on . The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. On December 18, 2021, the Company
and Shareholder agreed to extend the due date for the Promissory Note for 30 days. The Company made a payment of on March 7,
2022 against the Promissory Note. 

In
order to further grow its business, the Company plans to: 

expand
 its service offerings to provide additional sustainable waste management solutions that further minimize costs based on volume and
 content of waste streams, and methods of disposal, including landfills, transfer stations and recycling centers; 

Acquire
 profitable waste and recycling services companies with similar or compatible and synergistic business models, that can help the Company
 achieve these objectives; 

Offer
 innovative recycling services that significantly reduce the disposal of plastics, electronic wastes, food wastes, and hazardous wastes
 in the commercial property universe; 

Establish
 partnerships with innovative universities, municipalities and companies; and 

Attract
 investment funds who will actively work with the Company to achieve these goals and help the Company grow into a leading waste and
 recycling services supplier in North America. 

DEEP
GREEN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

NOTE
B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

years 
 
 Containers 

years 
 
 Software 
 
 - 
 Years 
 
 Office
 Equipment 
 
 - 
 Years 
 
 Furniture
 and Fixtures 

Years 
 
 Waste
 and Recycling Equipment 

Years 
 
 Leasehold
 Improvements 

years. We established the fair value
of these amortizable intangible assets based on the income approach using discounted future cash flows. 

NOTE
B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

NOTE
B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Customer
 lists and covenant not to compete 

Accounts
 payable 

Total
 identifiable net assets 

Promissory
 note 

shares of DGWR common stock 

Total
 consideration 

The
 excess of the total consideration over the total identifiable net assets of Lyell was recorded as goodwill. 

For
the period October 19, 2021 (date of acquisition) to December 31, 2021, revenues and net loss of Lyell included in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations was and , respectively. 

Had
Lyell been acquired on January 1, 2021, unaudited pro forma revenues and pro forma net loss of the Company for the year ended December
31, 2021 would have been and ), respectively. 

Office equipment 

Furniture and Fixtures 
 - 

Waste and Recycling
 Equipment 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation
 and amortization 

Net 

Goodwill acquired in connection with the Stock
 Purchase Agreement with Lyell Environmental Services, Inc. closed on October 19, 2021 

Customer list and covenant
 not to compete acquired in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement with Amwaste, Inc. closed on February 11, 2021 

Total 

Accumulated amortization 

Net 

The
customer lists and covenants not to compete are being amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization of intangible assets expense was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

- 

Thereafter 

- 

Total 

January
 14, 2019 Default Judgment payable to Tennessee customer 

January
 24, 2019 Default judgment payable to Florida vendor 

Other
 vendors of materials and services 

Credit
 card obligations 

Total 

Most
of the accounts payable relate to services performed by subcontractors prior to the cessation of our waste brokering business on August
7, 2018. In many cases, these subcontractors have subsequently reached agreements with our former customers to continue the provision
of services to such customers. 

Short-term
 capital lease 

Note
 issued in Lyell acquisition 

Sales
 tax and payroll payable 

Note
 payable to officer, interest at per annum 

Loans
 payable to officers, interest at , due on demand 

Due
 to seller of Lyell 

- 

Note
 payable to short term funding company 

- 

Total 

Current
 portion of debt 

() 

() 
 
 Long-term
 portion of debt 

- 

- 

at December 31, 2021 (i) 
 - 

Unsecured Convertible
 Promissory Note payable to Quick Capital, LLC: Issue date October 14, 2021 net of unamortized debt discount of and 
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (ii) 

Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note payable
 to BHP Capital NY Inc.: Issue date October 14, 2021 net of unamortized debt discount of and at December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively (iii) 

Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note payable
 to BHP Capital NY Inc.: Issue date February 28, 2022 - net of unamortized debt discount of at December 31, 2022 (iv) 
 
 - 
 
 Unsecured Convertible
 Promissory Note payable to Quick Capital, LLC: Issue date February 28, 2022 - net of unamortized debt discount of at December
 31, 2022 (iv) 
 
 - 

Total 

(i)).
 The Note was convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of
 the holder at the Conversion Price that shall equal . Holder was entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in
 each Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. The Note had a term of one year and bore interest at annually. The transaction closed on July 2, 2021. As part and parcel of the foregoing transaction,
 Labrys was issued a warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock
 at an exercise price of for a term of -years. On July 8, 2021, the Company issued Labrys shares of common stock
 as Commitment Shares as per the terms of the SPA. 

(ii)). The Note is convertible, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time before maturity at
 the option of the holder at the Fixed Conversion Price that shall be the lesser of: (a) or (b) 70 multiplied by the Market
 Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of (the Fixed Conversion Price ). Market Price 
 means the average of the two lowest Closing Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Trading Day period
 ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date Trading Day shall mean any day on which the
 Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTCBB, OTCQB or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on
 which the Common Stock is then being quoted or traded. To the extent the Conversion Price of the Borrower s Common Stock closes
 below the par value per share, the Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the
 par value of the Common Stock to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending
 this adjustment. If the shares of the Borrower s Common Stock have not been delivered within three (3) business days to the
 Holder, the Notice of Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such
 date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the
 Holder for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. If at
 any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then
 at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion
 Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such
 additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable
 upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted
 by the Holder to the par value price. The Note has a term of one year and bears interest at annually. As part and parcel
 of the foregoing transaction, each of the Investors was issued shares of common stock as Commitment shares and a warrant
 (the Warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock
 at an exercise price of for a term of -years. The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 
 principal plus interest were due on the Quick Capital Note. 

NOTE
H CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE (continued) 

(iii)). The Note is convertible, in whole or in part,
 at any time and from time to time before maturity at the option of the
 holder at the Fixed Conversion Price that shall be the lesser of: (a) or (b) 70 multiplied
 by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of (the Fixed
 Conversion Price ). Market Price means the average of the two lowest
 Closing Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Trading Day
 period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date Trading
 Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the
 OTCBB, OTCQB or on the principal securities exchange or other securities market on which
 the Common Stock is then being quoted or traded. To the extent the Conversion Price of the
 Borrower s Common Stock closes below the par value per share, the Borrower will take
 all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce the par value of
 the Common Stock to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower agrees to honor all
 conversions submitted pending this adjustment. If the shares of the Borrower s Common
 Stock have not been delivered within three (3) business days to the Holder, the Notice of
 Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder. If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for
 such security on such date in the manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair
 market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the Holder for which the calculation
 of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes.
 If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less
 than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion
 Price hereunder may equal such par value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for
 such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
 Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the
 extent necessary to cause the number of conversion shares issuable upon such conversion to
 equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
 not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. The Note has a term of one year
 and bears interest at annually. As part and parcel of the foregoing transaction, each
 of the Investors was issued shares of common stock as Commitment shares and a warrant
 (the Warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to shares
 of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of for a term of -years.
 The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, principal plus
 interest were due on the BHP Note. 

(iv)). The Notes have a term of one year Maturity Date 
 of February 28, 2023) and shall have a one-time interest charge of ten percent ). The
 Borrower is to repay each Note with monthly payments as follows: (i) beginning on the four-month
 anniversary of the issue date, the Borrower is to pay per month for months four
 through eleven, and (ii) then a balloon payment in the amount of on the Maturity
 Date. The Notes are convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time after an Event of
 Default in any portion at the Default Conversion Price, in the sole discretion of the Holder.
 The Default Conversion Price shall mean per share. To the extent the
 Conversion Price of the Borrower s Common Stock closes below the par value per share,
 the Borrower will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to
 reduce the par value of the Common Stock to the lowest value possible under law. The Borrower
 agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this adjustment. If the shares of the Borrower s
 Common Stock have not been delivered within three (3) business days to the Holder, the Notice
 of Conversion may be rescinded by the Holder. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined
 hereunder for any conversion would be less than the par value of the Common Stock, then at
 the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par value
 for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include
 Additional Principal, where Additional Principal means such additional amount
 to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion
 shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would
 have been issued had the Conversion Price not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value
 price. The transaction closed on March 2, 2022. 

Convertible Promissory Note
 payable to Quick Capital, LLC. Please see NOTE H CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE for further information. 

Convertible
 Promissory Note payable to BHP Capital NY Inc. Please see NOTE H CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE for further information. 

Total 

The
note payable to Labrys Fund, Ltd. contained a down round provision. The other two Convertible Promissory Notes contain
a variable conversion feature based on the future trading price of the Company s common stock. Therefore, the number of shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes is indeterminate. Accordingly, we have recorded the fair value of the embedded
conversion feature as a derivative liability at the issuance date of the Notes and charged the applicable amount to debt discount and
the remainder to other expense. The increase (decrease) in the fair value of the derivative liability from the issuance date of the Notes
to the measurement date is charged (credited) to other expense (income). 

The
fair value of the derivative liability was measured at the respective issuance date and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 using the Black
Scholes option pricing model. Assumptions used for the calculation of the derivative liability of the Notes at December 31, 2022 were
(1) stock price of per share, (2) conversion price of per share, (3) term of days, (4) expected volatility of 
and (5) risk free interest rate of . Assumptions used for the calculation of the derivative liability of the Note at December 31,
2021 were (1) stock price of per share, (2) conversion prices ranging from to per share, (3) term of to 
days, (4) expected volatility of and (5) risk free interest rates ranging from to 

per share. The designations,
powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions hereof, in respect of the Series A shall be as hereinafter
described. The holders of Series A, shall not be entitled to receive dividends, nor shall dividends be paid on common stock or any other
Series of Preferred Stock while Series A shares are outstanding. The holders of Series A shall be entitled to vote on all matters submitted
to a vote of the Shareholders of the Company. 

On
June 26, 2017, the Company entered into a conversion agreement with Saint James Capital Management LLC and agreed to convert 
shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock held by Saint James into a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share and a term of three years. On August 23, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors
approved a reduction of the warrant exercise price from to per share. These warrants expired on June 25, 2020. 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there are and shares of Series A issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On
January 22, 2020, the Board of Directors unanimously approved the designation of a series of preferred stock to be known as Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock (hereinafter Series B with a par value of per share and authorization of
 shares. The designations, powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions hereof, in respect
of the Series B shall be as hereinafter described. 

The
holders of the Series B, shall not be entitled to receive dividends, nor shall dividends be paid on common stock or any other Series
of Preferred Stock while Series B shares are outstanding. The holders of Series B shall be entitled to vote on all matters submitted
to a vote of the Shareholders of the Company. 

If
the Corporation shall commence a voluntary case under the U.S. Federal bankruptcy laws or any other applicable bankruptcy, insolvency
or similar law, or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any law or to the appointment of a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Corporation or of any substantial part of its
property, or make an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they
become due, or if a decree or order for relief in respect of the Corporation shall be entered by a court having jurisdiction in the premises
in an involuntary case under the U.S. Federal bankruptcy laws or any other applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law resulting
in the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Corporation
or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and any such decree or order shall
be unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days and, on account of any such event, the Corporation shall liquidate,
dissolve or wind up, or if the Corporation shall otherwise liquidate, dissolve or wind up, including, but not limited to, the sale or
transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets in one transaction or in a series of related transactions (a Liquidation
Event ), no distribution shall be made to the holders of any shares of capital stock of the Corporation (other than Senior Securities
and Pari Passu Securities) upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up unless prior thereto the Holders of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock shall have received the Liquidation Preference (as defined below) with respect to each share. If, upon the occurrence of a Liquidation
Event, the assets and funds available for distribution among the Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and Holders of Pari Passu Securities
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the preferential amounts payable thereon, then the entire assets and funds
of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the Series B Preferred Stock and the Pari Passu Securities shall be distributed
ratably among such shares in proportion to the ratio that the Liquidation Preference payable on each such share bears to the aggregate
Liquidation Preference payable on all such shares. 

On
January 22, 2020, the Company issued shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to Bill Edmonds in satisfaction of 
of the Company s deferred compensation liability to Mr. Edmonds. 

On
June 3, 2020, the Company issued shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to Bill Edmonds in satisfaction of loans
payable to Mr. Edmonds. 

On
July 11, 2021, the Company s Board unanimously approved an Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation (the Authorized Share
Amendment increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock of the Company from to with the Board
maintaining the discretion of whether or not to implement the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. On July 11,
2021, the Majority Stockholders delivered an executed written consent in lieu of a special meeting (the Stockholder Consent authorizing and approving the Authorized Share Amendment and the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there are and Series B shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

NOTE
J- CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

Common
Stock 

. Holders of
common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. A vote by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting shares
is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to the Company s articles
of incorporation. 

Holders
of the Company s common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors, in its discretion, declares from
legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate
pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. The Company s common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions
applicable to the Company s common stock. 

On
July 11, 2021, the Company s Board unanimously approved an Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation (the Authorized Share
Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from to and to increase
the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock of the Company from to with the Board maintaining the discretion
of whether or not to implement the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. On July 11, 2021, the Majority Stockholders
delivered an executed written consent in lieu of a special meeting (the Stockholder Consent authorizing and approving
the Authorized Share Amendment and the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock. 

On
February 10, 2022, the Company s Board unanimously approved an Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation (the Authorized
Share Amendment to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from to 
with the Board maintaining the discretion of whether or not to implement the increase in authorized shares of Common and Preferred Stock.
On February 10, 2022, the Majority Stockholders delivered an executed written consent in lieu of a special meeting (the Stockholder
Consent authorizing and approving the Authorized Share Amendment and the increase in authorized shares of Common Stock. 

On
September 17, 2022, the Company s Board approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company
from to . 

2021
Stock Option Incentive Plan 

On
October 5, 2021, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering shares of common stock to be issued under
the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan )( shares remaining as of December 31, 2022).
To date, no warrants or options have been issued under shareholder approved plans. 

NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

Preferred
Stock Issuances 

Effective
November 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock to Bill Edmonds (Chief Executive Officer of the Company)
in satisfaction of of a note payable to Bill Edmonds 

Common
Stock Issuances 

For
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and/or sold the following securities: 

2022 

On
January 3, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal and interest.
The excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 6, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 10, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to
Bill Edmonds for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to David
Bradford for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to Lloyd
Spencer for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

On
January 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to an
employee as per the terms of his employment agreement. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan to Lloyd
Spencer as per the terms of his employment agreement. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock as compensation to a Consultant. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal and interest.
The excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
January 31, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 2, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 4, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
difference of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was credited to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 10, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
February 23, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
March 21, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
March 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
March 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended March 31, 2022. 

On
April 18, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 10,839 excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 27, 2022, the Company issued a consultant shares of common stock for services rendered. The fair value of the
 shares was charged to professional and consulting fees in the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 28, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

On
April 29, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended June 30, 2022. 

On
August 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
August 24, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
August 31, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in
the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

On
October 10, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 11, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 13, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 18, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
November 28, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of
debt in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 19, 2022, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
October 28, 2022, the Company issued Bill Edmonds shares of common stock in satisfaction of of personal loans and
other compensation. 

On
October 28, 2022, the Company issued David Bradford shares of common stock in satisfaction of of personal loans
and other compensation. 

On
October 28, 2022, the Company issued Lloyd Spencer shares of common stock in satisfaction of of personal loans and
other compensation. 

2021 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
December 15, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal and interest.
The excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion
of debt in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
December 8, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of interest. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
December 8, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of interest. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended December 31, 2021. 

NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of interest. The excess
of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the
three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
November 15, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of interest. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
November 15, 2021, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of interest. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 19, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock as per the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement with Jeremy
Lyell. 

On
October 15, 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock to three employees shares each) for services
rendered. 

On
October 14, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock each to two Investors as per the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement
entered into by the Company on the same date. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company issued Bill Edmonds, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, shares of common stock in satisfaction
for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The fair value of the shares at October 6, 2021 was charged to officers
and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company issued David Bradford, the Company s Chief Operating Officer, shares of common stock in
satisfaction for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The fair value of the shares at October 6, 2021 was charged
to officers and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company issued Lloyd Spencer, the Company s then Chief Executive Officer, shares of common stock
in satisfaction for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The fair value of the shares at October 6, 2021 was
charged to officers and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
October 5, 2021, the Company issued Lloyd Spencer, the Company s then Chief Executive Officer, shares of common stock
under the Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan . The fair value of the shares at October 5, 2021 was charged
to officers and directors compensation in the three months ended December 31, 2021. 

On
September 21, 2021, the Company issued a warrant holder shares of common stock as a cashless exercise of a warrant. 

On
July 9, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal and interest. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

On
July 8, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of the Commitment Shares to a noteholder as per the
terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

On
July 2, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal and interest. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

On
July 2, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess of the 
fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended September 30, 2021. 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal and interest. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

On
June 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess of the
 fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three
months ended June 30, 2021. 

On
June 24, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal and interest. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended June 30, 2021. 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess of the 
fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended June 30, 2021. 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess of the 
fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended June 30, 2021. 

On
May 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The excess of the 
fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt in the three months
ended June 30, 2021. 

On
March 19, 2021, the Company issued restricted shares of its common stock to a consultant for services rendered. 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company issued Lloyd Spencer (Company CEO) restricted shares of its common stock shares vested
from August 2020 to December 2020 pursuant to the Employment Agreement dated December 4, 2019 and shares vested in 2020 pursuant
to the Board of Directors Services Agreement dated January 9, 2020). 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company issued Bill Edmonds (Company CFO) restricted shares of its common stock which vested in 2020 pursuant
to the Board of Directors Services Agreement dated January 9, 2020. 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to the Seller of the AmWaste assets as per the terms of the
Asset Purchase Agreement. 

NOTE
J - CAPITAL STOCK (continued) 

Warrants
and options 

A
summary of warrants and options activity follows: 

Warrants issued on
 March 12, 2020 
 - 

Warrants expired on
 June 20, 2020 
 - 

Cashless exercise of
 warrants on August 19, 2020 
 - 

Warrants
 expired in October 2020 and November 2020 
 - 

Balance, December
 31, 2020 
 - 

Warrants expired on
 February 19, 2021 
 - 

Warrants expired on
 March 16, 2021 
 - 

Warrant issued on July
 2, 2021 (i) 
 - 

Cashless exercise of
 warrant on September 21, 2021 
 - 

Two
 warrants issued on October 14, 2021 (ii) 
 - 

Balance, December
 31, 2021 
 - 

2022
 Option/Warrant Activity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 - 

(i) 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of for a term of -years. On September 21, 2021, the Company
 issued Labrys shares of common stock as a cashless exercise of the warrant. 

(ii) 
 shares of common stock as Commitment shares and a warrant (the Warrant granting the holder the right to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
 for a term of -years. The Company agreed to file an initial registration statement on Form S-1 covering the maximum number of registrable
 securities within 14 days of the execution of the NPA. The Registration Statement on Form S-1 was filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on October 28, 2021 and declared effective on November 10, 2021. The transaction closed on October 19, 2021. 

The
following table summarizes information about warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Non-deductible stock-based compensation 

Non-deductible (non-taxable) derivative liability
 expense (income) 

Non-deductible loss on conversions of convertible
 notes payable 

Non-deductible amortization of debt discounts 

Increase (decrease)
 in Valuation allowance 

Provision for (benefit
 from) income taxes 
 - 
 - 

All
tax years remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 

Based
on management s present assessment, the Company has not yet determined it to be more likely than not that a deferred tax asset
attributable to the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforward as of December 31, 2022 will be realized. Accordingly,
the Company has provided a allowance against the deferred tax asset in the financial statements at December 31, 2022. The Company
will continue to review this valuation allowance and make adjustments as appropriate. 

. 

Current
tax laws limit the amount of loss available to be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs.
Therefore, the amount available to offset future taxable income may be limited. 

. The second storage yard is located at 170 Odom
Lane, St. Simons Island, GA 31522 and the monthly rent is . 

Lyell
Environmental Services, Inc. operations 

In
conjunction with the Lyell Acquisition, the Company acquired an office under a month-to-month lease that is located at 211 Shady Grove
Rd, Nashville, TN 37214 and the monthly rent is . 

Employment
and Director Agreements 

On
January 1, 2016, Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC (the LLC entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement with David A. Bradford as Chief Operating Officer. In connection with his appointment, the LLC and Mr. Bradford entered into a written
Agreement for an initial , which provided for the following compensation terms for Mr. Bradford. Pursuant to the Agreement,
Mr. Bradford was to receive a base salary of per year, subject to increase of not less than per year. The LLC (i) was to
remit payment of Eighty-Four Thousand Dollars of the Base Salary; and (ii) was to defer payment of Twenty-Four Thousand Dollars of the Base Salary, in a proportionate basis and allocated over each payment of the Base Salary so remitted (the Deferred
Base Salary ). The Deferred Base Salary was to earn seven percent simple interest per annum until paid in full. The Executive,
in his sole and absolute discretion, was to determine when and how the Deferred Base Salary was to be paid, without limitation; and was
able to elect to acquire additional ownership interest in the LLC in exchange for all or any portion of the Deferred Base Salary then
outstanding, at the lesser of (i) the then-current value of the ownership interest in the Company; or (ii) the price at which ownership
interest in the LLC was most recently purchased by any party, including the LLC. Mr. Bradford was eligible for a cash bonus equal to
1.5 of Adjusted EBITDA over at the end of each respective annual period. As an inducement to the Executive to enter into
this Agreement, the LLC granted the Executive an initial three and one-half percent ownership interest in the LLC. In addition,
the executive had the right to purchase equity at the most recently traded rate. In 2016, the executive converted of deferred
compensation to members equity. On July 17, 2017, Mr. Bradford and the LLC agreed to amend the terms of the Agreement, as
follows: (i) ownership interest in the LLC, with 0.375 granted upon the date of initiation and 0.375 granted on the anniversary date of the ISP
for each of the following three years, and (ii) for each year of the Agreement in which the Company s after-tax profits exceed
 , the LLC was to pay the Executive a Discretionary Incentive Bonus of no less than one and one-half percent of the LLC s
after-tax profits, as determined by the LLC s independent certified public accountant(s) in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. On August 24, 2017, simultaneous with the entry into the Merger Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling,
LLC, Critic Clothing, Inc. and Deep Green Acquisition, LLC dated August 24, 2017, Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (the Company )(f/k/a
Critic Clothing, Inc.) entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement of Mr. Bradford s Agreement. Effective May 1, 2018,
Mr. Bradford agreed to forgo payment of his salary until circumstances allow a resumption. On December 3, 2019, Mr. Bradford submitted
his resignation as President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, effectively
immediately. Mr. Bradford retained his role as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Commencing in July of 2020, the Company and Mr.
Bradford agreed that the Company will pay Mr. Bradford per month until such time as Company finances improve. On December 31,
2020, the Company extended Mr. Bradford s employment agreement for an additional . For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, compensation to Mr. Bradford expensed under the above employment agreement was and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued cash compensation due Mr. Bradford was and , respectively. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the deferred compensation balance due Mr. Bradford was and , respectively. 

NOTE
L - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) 

On
January 1, 2016, Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC (the LLC entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement with Bill Edmonds as Managing Member, President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Edmonds became Chief Executive Officer of the Company
in 2011. In connection with his appointment, the LLC and Mr. Edmonds entered into a written Agreement for an initial ,
which provided for the following compensation terms for Mr. Edmonds. Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Edmonds was to receive a base salary
of per year, subject to increase of not less than per year. The Company (i) was to remit payment of One Hundred Sixty Thousand
Dollars of the Base Salary; and (ii) was to defer payment of Forty Thousand Dollars of the Base Salary, in a proportionate
basis and allocated over each payment of the Base Salary so remitted (the Deferred Base Salary ). The Deferred Base Salary
was to earn seven percent simple interest per annum until paid in full. The Executive, in his sole and absolute discretion, was
to determine when and how Deferred Base Salary was to be paid, without limitation; and was able to elect to acquire additional ownership
interest in the LLC in exchange for all or any portion of the Deferred Base Salary then outstanding, at the lesser of (i) the then-current
value of the ownership interest in the LLC; or (ii) the price at which ownership interest in the LLC was most recently purchased by any
party, including the LLC. Mr. Edmonds was eligible for a cash bonus equal to of Adjusted EBITDA over at the end of each
respective annual period. On July 17, 2017, Mr. Edmonds and the LLC agreed to amend the terms of the Agreement, as follows: (i) ownership
interest in the LLC, with 0.5625 granted upon the date of initiation and 0.5625 granted on the anniversary date of the ISP for each
of the following three years, and (ii) for each year of the Agreement in which the LLC s after-tax profits exceed , the
LLC was to pay the Executive a Discretionary Incentive Bonus of no less than two and one half percent of the LLC s after-tax
profits, as determined by the LLC s independent certified public accountant(s) in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. On August 24, 2017, simultaneous with the entry into the Merger Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC,
Critic Clothing, Inc. and Deep Green Acquisition, LLC dated August 24, 2017, Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (the Company )(f/k/a
Critic Clothing, Inc.) entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement of Mr. Edmonds Agreement. Effective May 1, 2018, Mr.
Edmonds agreed to forgo payment of his salary until circumstances allow a resumption. On December 31, 2020, the Company extended Mr.
Edmonds employment agreement for an additional . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred compensation balance
due Mr. Edmonds was and , respectively. 

On
December 4, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Lloyd Spencer as President and Chief Executive Officer. In connection with
his appointment, the Company and Mr. Spencer entered into a written employment agreement (the Employment Agreement for
an initial three-year term, which provided for the following compensation terms for Mr. Spencer. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement,
Mr. Spencer was to receive a base salary of per month starting when the corporation receives its first round of equity or debt
financing. Mr. Spencer received restricted shares of the Company s common stock on or before January 31, 2020 as a sign-on
bonus. In addition, the Company is to issue to Mr. Spencer restricted shares in the form of stock grants equivalent to shares
of the Corporation s Common Stock over a -year period. Stock Grant shares shall vest shares each month after the Stock
Grant date, December 4, 2019, over a , except that all unvested Stock Grant shares shall vest immediately if the Corporation
terminates Executive s employment without Just Cause, or Executive resigns for Good Reason. The number of shares vested shall be
adjusted in the event of subsequent stock splits. On January 24, 2020 and September 9, 2020, and shares, respectively,
were issued to Mr. Spencer pursuant to the Employment Agreement and expensed in the amounts of and , respectively. As
of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the number of shares vested and due Mr. Spencer was and shares, respectively, and was
expensed in the amount of and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, a total of and ,
respectively, stock compensation was expensed under the above employment agreement. Commencing in July of 2020, the Company and Mr. Spencer
agreed that the Company will pay Mr. Spencer per month until such time as Company finances improve. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, cash compensation to Mr. Spencer expensed under the employment agreement was and , respectively. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued cash compensation due Mr. Spencer was and , respectively. 

Director
Agreements 

On
January 9, 2020, the Company and Lloyd Spencer (the Director entered into a Board of Directors Services Agreement whereby
the Director shall receive compensation for serving on the Company s Board of Directors equivalent to Five Thousand and no/100
dollars of the Company s common stock, paid to the Director on the last calendar day of each fiscal quarter as long
as Director continues to fulfill his duties and provide the services set forth above. The pricing of the stock to be delivered shall
be calculated as: /(Closing stock price on the last calendar day of the fiscal quarter x 0.8). The Director shall begin receiving
compensation for services rendered under this Agreement beginning during the first calendar quarter of 2020. At December 31, 2022, the
accrued compensation due Mr. Spencer under this agreement was . 

On
January 9, 2020, the Company and Bill Edmonds (the Director entered into a Board of Directors Services Agreement whereby
the Director shall receive compensation for serving on the Company s Board of Directors equivalent to Five Thousand and no/100
dollars of the Company s common stock, paid to the Director on the last calendar day of each fiscal quarter as long
as Director continues to fulfill his duties and provide the services set forth above. The pricing of the stock to be delivered shall
be calculated as: /(Closing stock price on the last calendar day of the fiscal quarter x 0.8). The Director shall begin receiving
compensation for services rendered under this Agreement beginning during the first calendar quarter of 2020. At December 31, 2022, the
accrued compensation due Mr. Edmonds under this agreement was . 

Major
Customer 

One
customer accounted for of the Company s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Legal 

As
indicated in NOTE F ACCOUNTS PAYABLE , one customer and two vendors have received Default Judgments against Deep Green
aggregating that remain unpaid by Deep Green. Also, Deep Green has accounts payable to other vendors of materials and services
and credit card companies aggregating at December 31, 2021. Also, Deep Green has not paid any amounts to satisfy the 
claimed by the factor pursuant to the Factor s Notice of Default dated July 31, 2018 (Please see NOTE G DEBT for
further information). 

,
current assets of , current liabilities of and an accumulated deficit of . For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we used cash from operating activities of and , respectively. We expect to continue to incur negative
cash flows until such time as our operating segments generate sufficient cash inflows to finance our operations and debt service requirements. 

In
performing the second step of this assessment, we are required to evaluate whether our plans to mitigate the conditions above alleviate
the substantial doubt about our ability to meet our obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial
statements are issued. Our future plans include securing additional funding sources that may include establishing corporate partnerships,
establishing licensing revenue agreements, issuing additional convertible debentures and issuing public or private equity securities,
including selling common stock through an at-the-market facility (ATM). 

There
is no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will
be available through external sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations
or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would, therefore,
have a material effect on the business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any such required funds, if available, will be available
on attractive terms or they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company s existing shareholders. We have therefore
concluded there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through May 2024. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from our failure to continue as a going concern. 

in compensatory damages, in punitive damages. The company believes
the complaint to be wholly without merit and is filing to dismiss the case. 

On
January 4, 2023, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2023. 

On
January 23, 2023, the Company issued a noteholder shares of common stock in satisfaction of principal. The 
excess of the fair value of the shares over the liability reduction was charged to loss on conversion of debt
in the three months ended March 31, 2023. 

F- 27 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

There
have been no disagreements on accounting and financial disclosures from the inception of our Company through the date of this Form 10-K.
Michael T. Studer CPA P.C has audited our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation (the Evaluation ),
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls as of
the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this Evaluation, our CEO and CFO has
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms due to material weaknesses in our internal controls described below. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and
all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within us have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people, or by management or board override of the control. 

The
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

- 33 - 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to
our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this assessment,
it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework . Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective based on those criteria. 

Management s
assessment identified several material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses include
the following: 

- 
 Insufficient
 number of qualified accounting personnel governing the financial close and reporting process 
 
 - 
 Lack
 of independent directors 
 
 - 
 Lack
 of proper segregation of duties 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual
report. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2021, which have affected, or are
reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Officers
and Directors 

The
names and ages of our Directors and Executive Officers are set forth below. Our By-Laws provide for not less than one Director. All Directors
are elected annually by the stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. The officers are elected by our Board. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position
 and Term 
 
 Lloyd Spencer 
 67 
 Secretary and Director 
 
 Bill Edmonds 
 56 
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial
 Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 David Bradford 
 75 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 

Lloyd
Spencer- Secretary and Director- Since December 2019, Lloyd Spencer has served as the Company s President, Chief Executive
Officer, Secretary, and as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. On March 14, 2022, Mr. Spencer resigned in his position
as Chief Executive Officer. From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Spencer served as Corporate Secretary of TraqIQ, Inc. From 2004 through 2016, Mr.
Spencer served as Chairman and President of CoroWare, Inc. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Spencer was Vice President of Sales at Planet Technologies,
a systems integration company based in Germantown, MD. From 1996 to 2002, Mr. Spencer was Solutions Unit Manager and Group Product Manager
at Microsoft in Redmond, Washington. Prior to Microsoft, Mr. Spencer served as Assistant Vice-President and Business Unit Manager at
Newbridge Networks; and Product Line Manager at Sun Microsystems. Mr. Spencer began his career as a software development engineer at
Hewlett-Packard Corporation in Cupertino, California. Mr. Spencer received his Bachelor of Science degree from Cornell University in
1980 with a major in Biology and Animal Science and with an emphasis in Immunogenetics. 

Bill
Edmonds- Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board - Bill Edmonds is the Chief Executive
Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and serves as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Deep Green Waste Recycling. He was
the President of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc from 2017 through 2019 and President of Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC
from 2011 to 2017. Bill also served as President and Chief Financial Officer of Compaction and Recycling Equipment Inc. (CARE) and Columbia
Financial Services Inc. (CFSI), from 2018 to 2020. Before starting Deep Green Waste Recycling, Bill served as CFO and VP of Operations
at International Environmental Management (IEM), a waste recycling business that was focused exclusively on retail mall businesses.
Prior to IEM, Bill spent several years in telecommunications in various leadership positions. Mr. Edmonds has an extensive background
in Finance and is a CPA. He graduated from Georgia Institute of Technology with a Bachelor of Science degree, and Emory University with
an Executive Masters of Business Administration degree. 

David
Bradford- President and Chief Operating Officer - David Bradford serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Deep Green
Waste Recycling and is responsible for implementing acquisitions and improving operations. Mr. Bradford has served as the Company s
Chief Operating Officer since January 2016 and served as the interim Chief Executive Officer from 2019 through December 2019. Mr. Bradford
devoted the majority of his senior management career to the telecommunications industry. From 1977 through 1987, Mr. Bradford served
in executive positions at the Chicago Tribune s broadcast and cable television divisions. Positions included Vice President and
General Manager for Tribune Cable Communications, Vice President of Operations for WGN Electronic Systems, and Director of Strategic
Planning for Tribune Cable and subsidiaries. At Tribune Cable, Mr. Bradford helped grow the company from a small 2,000 subscriber property
to a major multiple system operator managing over 300,000 customers nationwide. Mr. Bradford brings three decades of successful customer
based operating experience to the team as well as many years of participation, guidance, and oversight in numerous debt and equity financings,
acquisitions, and strategic restructuring. 

- 34 - 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the directors and executive officers. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

We
believe that our current officer and director will not be subject to conflicts of interest. No policy has been implemented or will be
implemented to address conflicts of interest. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past ten years, Messrs. Spencer, Edmonds and Bradford have not been the subject of the following events: 

A. 
 A
 petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
 officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner
 at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
 at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

B. 
 Convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

C. 
 The
 subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities; 

1. 
 Acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

2. 
 Engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

3. 
 Engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal
 or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

D. 
 The
 subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring,
 suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph
 3.i in the preceding paragraph or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

E. 
 Was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities
 law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

F. 
 Was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

- 35 - 

G. 
 Was
 the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

1. 
 Any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

2. 
 Any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order, or 

3. 
 Any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

H. 
 Was
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We
do not have an audit committee or an audit committee financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) serving on its board
of directors. All current members of the board of directors lack sufficient financial expertise for overseeing financial reporting responsibilities. 

We
do not have an audit committee financial expert because we believe the costs related to retaining a financial expert at this time is
prohibitive. Further, because we are only beginning our commercial operations, at the present time, we believe the services of a financial
expert are not warranted. 

We
intend to establish an audit committee of the Board of Directors, which will consist of independent directors. The audit committee s
duties will be to recommend to our board of directors the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm to audit our
financial statements and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees
for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent registered public accounting
firm, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee will at all times
be composed exclusively of directors who are, in our opinion, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a corporate code of ethics. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest
and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws;
ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code. A copy of the code of ethics
was filed as Exhibit 14.1 on our Form S-1 Registration Statement as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2020.
Our code of ethics is posted on our website at: https://deepgreenwaste.com/conduct-and-ethics/. 

Disclosure
Committee and Charter 

We
do not have a disclosure committee and disclosure committee charter. We plan to establish a Disclosure Committee and will operate under
a charter. The purpose of a disclosure committee would be to provide assistance to the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal
Financial Officer in fulfilling their responsibilities regarding the identification and disclosure of material information about us and
the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of our financial reports. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish to us copies of all Section
16(a) forms they file. SEC regulations require us to identify in this Annual Report anyone who filed a required report late or failed
to file a required report. Based on our review of forms we received, we believe that during 2022 all Section 16(a) filing requirements
were satisfied on a timely basis. 

- 36 - 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid by us to our officers during the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
This information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation,
if any. The compensation discussed addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary-
 Paid or accrued ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change
 in Pension Value Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d)(5) 

(e) 

Lloyd Spencer- Secretary, Director
 (4)(5) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 36,733 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 36,733 

2021 
 42,000 
 0 
 259,646 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 301,649 

Bill Edmonds- I Chief Executive Officer, Interim
 Financial Officer, Chairman of the Board (1)(2)(5) 
 2022 
 12,000 
 0 
 71,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 83,500 

2021 
 0 
 0 
 93,983 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 93,983 

David Bradford- President, Chief Operating
 Officer (1)(3)(5) 
 2022 
 12,000 
 0 
 32,500 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 44,500 

2021 
 42,000 
 0 
 144,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 186,000 

(1) 
 Messrs.
 Edmonds and Bradford entered into 5-year employment agreements with Deep Green Waste and Recycling, LLC on January 1, 2016, which
 were assigned and assumed by Deep Green Waste and Recycling, Inc. on August 24, 2017 following the closing of the Purchase and Conveyance
 Agreement between the Company and Deep Green Waste and Recycling, LLC. 

(2) 
 On
 January 1, 2016, the Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC (the LLC entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement with Bill Edmonds as Managing Member, President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Edmonds became Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 in 2011. In connection with his appointment, the LLC and Mr. Edmonds entered into a written Agreement for an initial five-year term,
 which provides for the following compensation terms for Mr. Edmonds. Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Edmonds will receive a base salary
 of 200,000 per year, subject to increase of not less than 10 per year. The Company (i) shall remit payment of One Hundred Sixty
 Thousand Dollars 160,000) of the Base Salary; and (ii) shall defer payment of Forty Thousand Dollars 40,000) of the Base Salary,
 in a proportionate basis and allocated over each payment of the Base Salary so remitted (the Deferred Base Salary ).
 The Deferred Base Salary shall earn seven percent (7 simple interest per annum until paid in full. The Executive, in his sole and
 absolute discretion, shall determine when and how Deferred Base Salary shall be paid, without limitation; and may also elect to acquire
 additional ownership interest in the LLC in exchange for all or any portion of the Deferred Base Salary then outstanding, at the
 lesser of (i) the then-current value of the ownership interest in the LLC; or (ii) the price at which ownership interest in the LLC
 was most recently purchased by any party, including the LLC. Mr. Edmonds is eligible for a cash bonus equal to 2.5 of Adjusted EBITDA
 over 2,000,000 at the end of each respective annual period. On July 17, 2017, Mr. Bradford and the LLC agreed to amend the terms
 of the Agreement, as follows: (i) upon initiation of its Incentive Stock Plan, the LLC hereby grants the Executive an additional
 two and one-fourth percent (2.25 ownership interest in the LLC, with 0.5625 granted upon the date of initiation and 0.5625 granted
 on the anniversary date of the ISP for each of the following three years, and (ii) for each year of the Agreement in which the LLC s
 after-tax profits exceed 2,00000,000, the LLC will pay the Executive a Discretionary Incentive Bonus of no less than two and one
 half percent (2.5 of the LLC s after-tax profits, as determined by the LLC s independent certified public accountant(s)
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. On August 24, 2017, simultaneous with the entry into the Merger Agreement
 between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC, Critic Clothing, Inc. and Deep Green Acquisition, LLC dated August 24, 2017, Deep
 Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (the Company )(f/k/a Critic Clothing, Inc.) entered into an Assignment and Assumption
 Agreement of Mr. Edmonds Agreement. On December 31, 2020, the Company extended Mr. Edmonds employment agreement for
 an additional two-year period. Please see NOTE N - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

(3) 
 On
 January 1, 2016, Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC (the LLC entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement with David A. Bradford as Chief Operating Officer. In connection with his appointment, the LLC and Mr. Bradford entered into a written
 Agreement for an initial five-year term, which provides for the following compensation terms for Mr. Bradford. Pursuant to the Agreement,
 Mr. Bradford will receive a base salary of 108,000 per year, subject to increase of not less than 10 per year. The LLC (i) shall
 remit payment of Eighty-Four Thousand Dollars 84,000) of the Base Salary; and (ii) shall defer payment of Twenty-Four Thousand
 Dollars 24,000) of the Base Salary, in a proportionate basis and allocated over each payment of the Base Salary so remitted (the
 Deferred Base Salary ). The Deferred Base Salary shall earn seven percent (7 simple interest per annum until paid
 in full. The Executive, in his sole and absolute discretion, shall determine when and how the Deferred Base Salary shall be paid,
 without limitation; and may also elect to acquire additional ownership interest in the LLC in exchange for all or any portion of
 the Deferred Base Salary then outstanding, at the lesser of (i) the then-current value of the ownership interest in the Company;
 or (ii) the price at which ownership interest in the LLC was most recently purchased by any party, including the LLC. Mr. Bradford
 is eligible for a cash bonus equal to 1.5 of Adjusted EBITDA over 2,000,000 at the end of each respective annual period. As an
 inducement to the Executive to enter into this Agreement, the LLC hereby granted the Executive an initial three and one-half percent
 (3.5 ownership interest in the LLC. In addition, the executive has the right to purchase equity at the most recently traded rate.
 In 2016, the executive converted 19,947 of deferred compensation to 4.76 members equity. On July 17, 2017, Mr. Bradford
 and the LLC agreed to amend the terms of the Agreement, as follows: (i) upon initiation of its Incentive Stock Plan, the LLC hereby
 grants the Executive an additional one and one half percent (1.5 ownership interest in the LLC, with 0.375 granted upon the date
 of initiation and 0.375 granted on the anniversary date of the ISP for each of the following three years, and (ii) for each year
 of the Agreement in which the Company s after-tax profits exceed 2,000,000, the LLC will pay the Executive a Discretionary
 Incentive Bonus of no less than one and one-half percent (1.5 of the LLC s after-tax profits, as determined by the LLC s
 independent certified public accountant(s) in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. On August 24, 2017, simultaneous
 with the entry into the Merger Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC, Critic Clothing, Inc. and Deep Green Acquisition,
 LLC dated August 24, 2017, Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (the Company )(f/k/a Critic Clothing, Inc.) entered
 into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement of Mr. Bradford s Agreement. On December 3, 2019, Mr. Bradford submitted his resignation
 as President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, effectively immediately.
 Mr. Bradford retained his role as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Commencing in July of 2020, the Company and Mr. Bradford
 agreed that the Company will pay Mr. Bradford 3,500 per month until such time as Company finances improve. On December 31, 2020,
 the Company extended Mr. Bradford s employment agreement for an additional two-year period. Please see NOTE N - SUBSEQUENT
 EVENTS for further information. 

(4) 
 On
 December 4, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Lloyd Spencer as President and Chief Executive Officer. In connection
 with his appointment, the Company and Mr. Spencer entered into a written employment agreement (the Employment Agreement for an initial three-year term, which provides for the following compensation terms for Mr. Spencer. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement,
 Mr. Spencer will receive a base salary of 10,000 per month starting when the corporation receives its first round of equity or debt
 financing. Mr. Spencer shall receive 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock on or before January 31, 2020
 as a sign-on bonus. In addition, the Company shall issue to Mr. Spencer restricted shares in the form of stock grants equivalent
 to 6,120,000 shares of the Corporation s Common Stock over a 3-year period. Stock Grant shares shall vest 170,000 shares each
 month after the Stock Grant date, December 4, 2019, over a three-year period, except that all unvested Stock Grant shares shall vest
 immediately if the Corporation terminates Executive s employment without Just Cause, or Executive resigns for Good Reason.
 The number of shares vested shall be adjusted in the event of subsequent stock splits. Commencing in July of 2020, the Company and
 Mr. Spencer agreed that the Company will pay Mr. Spencer 3,500 per month until such time as Company finances improve. Commencing
 in July of 2020, the Company and Mr. Spencer agreed that the Company will pay Mr. Spencer 3,500 per month until such time as Company
 finances improve. Please see NOTE N - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for further information. 

(5) 
 The
 values shown in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of equity-based awards granted during the fiscal year,
 in accordance with ASC 718, Share Based-Payment . The fair value of the stock options at the date of grant was estimated
 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, based on the assumptions described in the Notes to Financial Statements included in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(a) 
 Accrued
 salary and salary paid. 

(b) 
 Accrued
 bonus to employee for execution of employment agreement. 

(c) 
 Delivery
 of common stock to employee for execution of employment agreements. 

(d) 
 Options
 issued to employee for execution of employment agreement. More details on Options noted under Employment Agreements section below. 

(e) 
 Equity
 compensation received as a Director of the Company. 

- 37 - 

We
have no plans in place and have never maintained any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will
be paid primarily following retirement including, but not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement
plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans. 

Except
as indicated below, we have no contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements, whether written or unwritten, that provide for payments
to the named executive officers listed above. 

Equity
Compensation, Pension or Retirement Plans 

No
retirement, pension, profit sharing or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit
of its employees. 

2021
Stock Option Incentive Plan 

October
5, 2021, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering 40,000,000 shares of common stock to be issued under the
Company s 2021 Stock Option Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan )(11,660,000 shares remaining as of April 11, 2022). To
date, no warrants or options have been issued under shareholder approved plans. Please see NOTE J - CAPITAL STOCK for further
information. 

Audit
Committee 

Presently,
our Board of Directors is performing the duties that would normally be performed by an audit committee. We intend to form a separate
audit committee, and plan to seek potential independent directors. In connection with our search, we plan to appoint an individual qualified
as an audit committee financial expert. 

Options/SARS
Grants During Last Fiscal Year 

None. 

Directors 
Compensation 

On
January 9, 2020, the Company and Lloyd Spencer (the Director entered into a Board of Directors Services Agreement whereby
the Director shall receive compensation for serving on the Company s Board of Directors equivalent to Five Thousand and no/100
dollars 5,000.00) of the Company s common stock, paid to the Director on the last calendar day of each fiscal quarter as long
as Director continues to fulfill his duties and provide the services set forth above. The pricing of the stock to be delivered shall
be calculated as: 5,000/(Closing stock price on the last calendar day of the fiscal quarter x 0.8). The Director shall begin receiving
compensation for services rendered under this Agreement beginning during the first calendar quarter of 2020. At December 31, 2022, the
accrued compensation due Mr. Spencer under this agreement was 5,000. 

On
January 9, 2020, the Company and Bill Edmonds (the Director entered into a Board of Directors Services Agreement whereby
the Director shall receive compensation for serving on the Company s Board of Directors equivalent to Five Thousand and no/100
dollars 5,000.00) of the Company s common stock, paid to the Director on the last calendar day of each fiscal quarter as long
as Director continues to fulfill his duties and provide the services set forth above. The pricing of the stock to be delivered shall
be calculated as: 5,000/(Closing stock price on the last calendar day of the fiscal quarter x 0.8). The Director shall begin receiving
compensation for services rendered under this Agreement beginning during the first calendar quarter of 2020. At December 31, 2022, the
accrued compensation due Mr. Edmonds under this agreement was 5,000. 

- 38 - 

Please
 see NOTE L- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES for further information. 

The
following table sets forth with respect to the named director, compensation information inclusive of equity awards and payments made
in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name 
 
 Fees
 Earned or
 Paid in
 Cash ) 
 Stock Awards
 ) 
 Option Awards
 ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

(b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 

Lloyd Spencer (1) 
 2022 
 20,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Bill Edmonds (2) 
 2022 
 20,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

(1)
 
 Mr.
 Spencer s director s compensation was accrued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Edmonds director s compensation was accrued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Indemnification 

Under
our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding,
including a law suit, because of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest.
We may advance expenses incurred in defending a proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in
a proceeding as to which he is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney s fees.
With respect to a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding,
and if the officer or director is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted
by the laws of the State of Wyoming. 

Regarding
indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, which may be permitted to directors or officers under Nevada
law, we are informed that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, indemnification is against policy, as expressed
in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

- 39 - 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table summarizes certain information regarding the beneficial ownership (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of our outstanding Common Stock as of April 13, 2021 by (i) each person
known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our
executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. These rules generally provide that a person is the beneficial
owner of securities if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of securities, or to dispose or direct the disposition
of securities. A security holder is also deemed to be, as of any date, the beneficial owner of all securities that such security holder
has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date through (i) the exercise of any option or warrant, (ii) the conversion of a security,
(iii) the power to revoke a trust, discretionary account or similar arrangement, or (iv) the automatic termination of a trust, discretionary
account or similar arrangement. Except as disclosed in the footnotes to this table and subject to applicable community property laws,
we believe that each person identified in the table has sole voting and investment power over all of the shares shown opposite such person s
name. 

The
percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 537,000,333 shares of our common stock and includes 403,666,999 shares of common stock
outstanding at April 13, 2022 and 133,333,334 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of two warrants issued in connection
with the October 14, 2021 BHP Capital and Quick Capital financing and excludes: 

An
 indeterminate number of shares of common stock to be issued upon conversion of the Company s 52,000 shares of Series B Convertible
 Preferred stock. 

Common Stock 

Beneficially 
 Percentage
 of 
 
 Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Owned 
 Common
 Stock (2) 
 
 Lloyd Spencer (3)(4) 
 212,071,379 
 12.32 
 
 Bill Edmonds (5)(6) 
 275,544,714 
 16.00 
 
 David Bradford (7)(8) 
 220,887,041 
 12.83 

Officers and Directors as a Group 
 708,503,134 
 41.15 
 
 Five Percent Beneficial
 Owners: 

BHP Capital NY Inc. (9)(10) 
 68,965,519 
 4.01 
 
 Quick Capital, LLC (11)(12) 
 66,666,667 
 3.87 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
 power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, or convertible debt currently exercisable
 or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of April 13, 2022 are deemed outstanding for computing percentage of
 the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any person. Percentages
 are based on a total of shares of common stock outstanding on April 13, 2022, and the shares issuable upon exercise of options, warrants
 exercisable, and debt convertible on or within 60 days of April 13, 2022. 

(2) 
 The
 number of common shares outstanding used in computing the percentages is 507,000,333. 

(3) 
 Included
 within Lloyd Spencer s beneficial ownership includes a total of 14,327,379 shares of common stock issued to Mr. Spencer as
 per the terms of the Employment Agreement dated December 4, 2019, shares issued pursuant to the Board of Directors Services Agreement
 dated January 9, 2020 and for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

(4) 
 The
 address for Mr. Spencer is 260 Edwards Plaza, Suite 21266, Saint Simons Island, GA 31522. 

(5) 
 Included
 within Bill Edmonds beneficial ownership includes 61,778,335 shares of common stock issued to Mr. Edmonds in exchange for
 membership units held by Mr. Edmonds, issued by Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC, in the Merger Agreement by and between Deep
 Green Waste Recycling, LLC, Critic Clothing, Inc. and Deep Green Acquisition, LLC dated August 24, 2017 and a total of 13,766,379
 shares issued pursuant to the Board of Directors Services Agreement dated January 9, 2020 and for services rendered on behalf of
 the Company. 

(6) 
 The
 address for Mr. Edmonds is 260 Edwards Plaza, Suite 21266, Saint Simons Island, GA 31522. 

(7) 
 Included
 within David Bradford s beneficial ownership includes 9,807,041 shares of common stock issued to Mr. Bradford in exchange for
 membership units held by Mr. Bradford, issued by Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC, in the Merger Agreement by and between Deep
 Green Waste Recycling, LLC, Critic Clothing, Inc. and Deep Green Acquisition, LLC dated August 24, 2017 and a total of 11,000,000
 shares issued for services rendered on behalf of the Company. 

(8) 
 The
 address for Mr. Bradford is 260 Edwards Plaza, Suite 21266, Saint Simons Island, GA 31522. 

(9) 
 Included
 within BHP Capital NY Inc. s beneficial ownership includes 66,666,667 shares of common stock underlying a Warrant issued in
 connection with the October 2021 BHP financing and 2,298,852 shares of common stock issued as Commitment shares in connection with
 the October 2021 BHP financing 

(10) 
 The
 address for BHP Capital NY Inc. is 45 SW 9 th Street, Suite 1603, Miami, FL 33130 and its principal is Bryan Pantofel. 

(11) 
 Included
 within Quick Capital, LLC s beneficial ownership includes, 66,666,667 shares of common stock underlying a Warrant issued in
 connection with the October 2021 Quick financing. 

(12) 
 The
 address for Quick Capital, LLC is 66 W Flagler St., Suite 900 - #2292, Miami, FL 33130 and its principal is Eilon Natan. 

Series
 B Preferred Stock 

Percentage
 of 

Beneficially 

Series
 B 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Owned
 (1) 

Preferred
 Stock (2) 

Bill
 Edmonds (3) 

52,000 

100.00 

Total 

52,000 

100.00 

(1) 
 The
 holders of the Series B, shall not be entitled to receive dividends, nor shall dividends be paid on common stock or any other Series
 of Preferred Stock while Series B shares are outstanding. The holders of Series B shall be entitled to vote on all matters submitted
 to a vote of the Shareholders of the Company. The holders of the Series B shall be entitled to twenty thousand (20,000) votes per
 one share of Series B held. Upon the availability of a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of common
 stock, the holders of any Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert such shares in to fully paid and non-assessable shares
 of common stock at the following conversion feature: the Conversion Price for each share of Series B Preferred Stock in effect on
 any Conversion Date shall be (i) eighty five percent (85 of the average closing bid price of the Common Stock over the twenty (20)
 trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion, (ii) but no less than Par Value of the Common Stock. For purposes of determining
 the closing bid price on any day, reference shall be to the closing bid price for a share of Common Stock on such date on the NASD
 OTC Bulletin Board, as reported on Bloomberg, L.P. Any conversion shall be for a minimum Stated Value of 500.00 of Series B shares. 

(2) 
 The
 number of Series B Preferred shares outstanding used in computing the percentage is 31,000. 

(3) 
 The
 address for Bill Edmonds is 260 Edwards Plaza, Suite 21266, Saint Simons Island, GA 31522. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

During
the period January 1, 2018 to August 7, 2018 (the date of Deep Green s cessation of its waste recycling business), Deep Green used
an entity controlled by Deep Green s then Chief Executive Officer as a subcontractor to service certain customers of Deep Green.
Charges to cost of revenues from this related party totaled 29,190 for the year ended December 31, 2018. At December 31, 2021 and December
31, 2020, Deep Green had an account payable to this entity of 57,600 and 57,600, respectively. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors will periodically review relationships that directors have with the Company to determine whether the directors are
independent. Directors are considered independent as long as they do not accept any consulting, advisory or other compensatory
fee (other than director fees) from the Company, are not an affiliated person of the Company or its subsidiaries (e.g., an officer or
a greater-than-ten-percent stockholder) and are independent within the meaning of applicable laws, regulations and the Nasdaq listing
rules. In this latter regard, the Board of Directors will use the Nasdaq listing rules (specifically, Section 5605(a)(2) of such rules)
as a benchmark for determining which, if any, of its directors are independent, solely in order to comply with applicable SEC disclosure
rules. However, this is for disclosure purposes only. It should be understood that, as a corporation whose shares are not listed for
trading on any securities exchange, our Company is not required to have any independent directors at all on its Board of Directors, or
any independent directors serving on any particular committees of the Board of Directors. 

As
of the date of this Form 10-K, the Board of Directors has determined that the Company does not have any independent directors within
the meaning of the Nasdaq listing rule cited above. 

- 40 - 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Michael
T. Studer CPA P.C has audited our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

1)
Audit Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for our audit
of annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years was: 

2022 

50,000 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 
 
 2021 

40,000 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 

2)
Audit-Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported in the preceding paragraph: 

2022 

5,000 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 
 
 2021 

4,500 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 

3)
Tax Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning was: 

2022 

0 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 
 
 2021 

0 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 

4)
All Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other
than the services reported in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) was: 

2022 

0 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 
 
 2021 

0 

Michael
 T. Studer CPA, P.C. 

5)
 During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and as of the date of this report, the Company does not maintain an audit committee
and therefore does not have an audit committee pre-approval policy in place. 

- 41 - 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger
 Agreement by and between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC, Critic Clothing, Inc. and Deep Green Acquisition, LLC dated August
 24, 2017 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Articles
 of Merger of Deep Green Acquisition, LLC and Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC dated August 24, 2017 (previously filed with Form
 S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement between Gordon Boorse and Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC dated June 2017 (Compaction and Recycling Equipment,
 Inc.) (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement between Gordon Boorse and Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC dated June 2017 (Columbia Financial services,
 Inc.) (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Agreement
 of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Assets and Assumption of Obligations with St. James Capital Management, LLC dated August
 24, 2017 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 2.6 
 
 Agreement
 of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Subsidiaries and Assumption of Obligations with Mirabile Corporate Holdings, Inc. dated
 August 7, 2018 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation Evader, Inc. dated August 24, 1995 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction for Evader, Inc. dated December 28, 2005 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock dated July 18, 2010 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles
 of Conversion of Evader, Inc., Inc. dated April 25, 2012 effective May 25, 2012 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of Evader, Inc., Inc. (previously filed with Form 1-A on May 17, 2018) (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Bylaws
 of Evader, Inc. (previously filed with Form 1-A on May 17, 2018) (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Evader, Inc. dated July 24, 2014 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Evader, Inc. dated August 14, 2014 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Evader, Inc. dated December 8, 2014 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Evader, Inc. dated August 13, 2015 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Evader, Inc. dated July 20, 2017 (name change to Critical Clothing, Inc.) (previously filed with
 Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 

3.12 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Critical Clothing, Inc. dated July 20, 2017 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 

3.13 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation of Critical Clothing, Inc. dated November 6, 2017 (name change to Deep Green Waste Recycling,
 Inc.) (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dated January 22, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 certificate of common stock (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Board
 of Directors Services Agreement with Bill Edmonds dated January 9, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Board
 of Directors Services Agreement with Lloyd Spencer dated January 9, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between Green Deep Waste Recycling, Inc. and Bill Edmonds dated January 9, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1 on
 March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Indemnification
 Agreement between Green Deep Waste Recycling, Inc. and Lloyd Spencer dated January 9, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.5

Employment
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Lloyd Spencer dated December 4, 2019 (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and David Bradford dated January 1, 2016 (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and Bill Edmonds dated December 4, 2019 (previously filed with Form S-1 on
 March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Josh Beckham dated February 5, 2018 (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment
 to Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC Employment Agreement with David Bradford dated July 20, 2017 (previously filed with Form
 S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amendment
 to Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC Employment Agreement with Bill Edmonds dated July 20, 2017 (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Sylios Corp dated December 16, 2019 (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between Sylios Corp and Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. dated as of January 13, 2020 (previously filed
 with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Sylios Corp and Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. dated as of January 13, 2020 (previously filed with
 Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Sylios Corp and Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. dated as of January 13, 2020 (previously
 filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 

- 42 - 

10.15 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Sylios Corp and Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. dated as of January 13, 2020 (previously filed with
 Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Acknowledgement
 of Assignment Agreement between Sylios Corp and Armada Capital Partners, LLC dated March 6, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1
 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Assignment
 Agreement between Sylios Corp and Armada Capital Partners, LLC dated March 6, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Armada Investment Fund, LLC and Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. dated as of March 12, 2020 (previously
 filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Armada Investment Fund, LLC and Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. dated as of March
 12, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Promissory
 Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and Gordon Boorse (CFSI acquisition) dated October 20, 2017 (previously filed
 with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Promissory
 Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and Gordon Boorse (CARE acquisition) dated October 20, 2017 (previously filed
 with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Notice
 of Default submitted by AEC Yield Capital, LLC dated July 31, 2018 (previously filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8,
 2020) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Purchase
 and Sale Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and AEC Yield Capital, LLC dated December 16, 2016 (previously filed
 with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 

10.24 
 
 First
 Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and AEC Yield Capital, LLC dated January
 26, 2017 (previously filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Second
 Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and AEC Yield Capital, LLC dated June
 7, 2017 (previously filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Third
 Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and AEC Yield Capital, LLC dated June
 7, 2017 (previously filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and C Alvin Roberds, Jr. dated March 16, 2018 (previously filed with
 Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and C Alvin Roberds, Jr. dated as of March 16, 2018
 (previously filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and Mary Williams dated February 19, 2018 (previously filed with Amendment
 No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Mary Williams. dated as of February 19, 2018
 (previously filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and Ellen Bailey dated March 16, 2018 (previously filed with Amendment
 No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Ellen Bailey. dated as of March 16, 2018 (previously
 filed with Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on June 8, 2020) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and GPL Ventures LLC dated June 23, 2020 (previously filed with Amendment
 No. 2 to Form S-1 on June 26, 2020) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC and GPL Ventures LLC dated June 23, 2020 (previously filed with Amendment
 No. 2 to Form S-1 on June 26, 2020) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and GPL Ventures, LLC dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed with
 Form 8-K on March 1, 2021) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and GPL Ventures, LLC dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed with
 Form 8-K on March 1, 2021) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed with
 Form 8-K on March 1, 2021) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated February 5, 2021 (previously filed with
 Form 8-K on March 1, 2021) 
 
 10.39 
 
 ASSET
 PURCHASE AGREEMENT between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc., DG Research, Inc. and Amwaste, Inc. dated February 8, 2021 (previously
 filed with Form 8-K on February 16, 2021) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Promissory
 Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc., DG Research, Inc. and Amwaste, Inc. dated February 8, 2021 (previously filed
 with Form 8-K on February 16, 2021) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and GPL Ventures, LLC dated March 2, 2021 (previously filed with Form
 8-K on March 15, 2021) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and GPL Ventures, LLC dated March 2, 2021 (previously filed with
 Form 8-K on March 15, 2021) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between the Company and Sylios Corp dated February 12, 2021 (previously filed with Form S-1 on April 16, 2021) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Bill Edmonds dated April 9, 2021 (previously filed with Form 10-Q
 on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between the Company and Sylios Corp dated May 10, 2021 (previously filed with Form 10-Q on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and GPL Ventures, LLC dated June 4, 2021 (previously filed with Form
 S-1 on June 8, 2021) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and GPL Ventures, LLC dated June 4, 2021 (previously filed with Form
 S-1 on June 8, 2021) 

10.48 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated June 4, 2021 (previously filed with Form
 S-1 on June 8, 2021) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC dated June 4, 2021 (previously filed with
 Form S-1 on June 8, 2021) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Amendment
 to Consulting Agreement between the Company and Sylios Corp dated June 4, 2021 (previously filed with Form S-1 on June 8, 2021) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Finder s
 fee agreement between the Company and J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. dated May 13, 2021 (previously filed with Form S-1/A on June 17,
 2021) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Promissory
 Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Labrys Fund, LP dated July 2, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K on July
 13, 2021) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Labrys Fund, LP dated July 2, 2021 (previously filed with Form 8-K
 on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.54 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Labrys Fund, LP dated July 2, 2021 (previously filed
 with Form 8-K on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc., Jeremy Lyell and Lyell Environmental Services, Inc. dated July
 11, 2021 (previously filed with Form 10-Q on August 16, 2021) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Note
 Purchase Agreement Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc., BHP Capital NY Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (previously filed with Form
 8-K on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and BHP Capital NY Inc. (previously filed with Form 8-K
 on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (previously filed with Form 8-K
 on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Security
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and BHP Capital NY Inc. (previously filed with Form 8-K on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Security
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (previously filed with Form 8-K on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and BHP Capital NY Inc. (previously filed with Form
 8-K on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (previously filed with Form
 8-K on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Promissory
 Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Jeremy D. Lyell (previously filed with Form 8-K on October 21, 2021) 
 
 10.64 
 
 Note
 Purchase Agreement Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc., BHP Capital NY Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (previously filed with Form
 8-K on March 7, 2022) 
 
 10.65 
 
 Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and BHP Capital NY Inc. (previously filed with Form 8-K
 on March 7, 2022) 
 
 10.66 
 
 Secured
 Convertible Promissory Note between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (previously filed with Form 8-K
 on March 7, 2022) 
 
 10.67 
 
 Security
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and BHP Capital NY Inc. (previously filed with Form 8-K on March 7, 2022) 
 
 10.68 
 
 Security
 Agreement between Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (previously filed with Form 8-K on March 7, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Organization of Deep Green Waste Recycling, LLC dated August 2, 2011 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 21.2 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Jetty Enterprises, Inc. dated November 4, 1987 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 21.3 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation for Jetty Enterprises, Inc. dated May 21, 2993 (name change to Compaction and Recycling Equipment, Inc.)
 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 21.4 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation for Columbia Financial Services, Inc. dated October 3, 1988 (previously filed with Form S-1 on March 18, 2020) 
 
 21.5 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of DG Research, Inc. dated July 22, 2020 (previously filed with Form S-1 on April 16, 2021) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 Graphic 
 
 Corporate
 logo- Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ Filed hereby
with this Registration Statement. 

 ++
To be filed by subsequent amendment. 

 XBRL
Exhibits will be filed by subsequent amendment. 

- 43 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 15th day of May 2023. 

DEEP
 GREEN WASTE RECYCLING, INC. 

(the
 Registrant 

BY: 
 /s/
 Bill Edmonds 

Bill
 Edmonds 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Bill Edmonds 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 May
 15, 2023 
 
 Bill
 Edmonds 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 David Bradford 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and President 
 
 May
 15, 2023 
 
 David
 Bradford 

- 44 - 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Bill Edmonds, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 15, 2023 

/s/
 Bill Edmonds 

Bill
 Edmonds 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Bill Edmonds, Principal Financial Officer of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 15, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Bill Edmonds 

Bill
 Edmonds 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Deep Green Waste Recycling, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bill Edmonds,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 May 15, 2023 
 /s/
 Bill Edmonds 

Bill
 Edmonds 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dgwr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dgwr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dgwr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dgwr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

