<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230516_10-K_edgar_data_1661039_0001654954-23-006717.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10233724</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>496407</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1922188</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2754773</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1999392</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2819982</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-006717.hdr.sgml : 20230516
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230516153912
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-006717
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230516
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230516

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TPT GLOBAL TECH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001661039
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				813903357
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-222094
		FILM NUMBER:		23927156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 W. BROADWAY, SUITE 800
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(619) 301-4200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 W. BROADWAY, SUITE 800
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-006717.txt : 20230516

10-K
 1
 tptw_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

tptw_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________to _____________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Title of each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None _______________________ Title of each class Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of our common shares of voting stock held by non-affiliates of our Company at June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold 0.0053), as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter (June 30, 2022), was . As of May 13, 2023, there were approximately common shares, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K into which the document is incorporated: None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Item 1. Business. 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 32 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 50 Item 2. Properties. 50 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 51 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 51 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 52 Item 6. Reserved 57 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 57 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 67 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 68 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 69 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 69 Item 9B. Other Information. 70 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 70 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 71 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 76 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 82 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 84 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 85 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 86 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 91 SIGNATURES 92 1 Table of Contents PART I FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic performance or management s plans and objectives for our future operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in limitation: the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern; risks related to our operations; and other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy. This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully, and readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. All references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. GENERAL The following is a summary of some of the information contained in this document. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this document to our Company, us, we, our, TPT Global, or the Company are to TPT Global Tech, Inc. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS We are based in San Diego, California, and operate as a technology-based company with divisions providing telecommunications, construction and product distribution, media content for domestic and international syndication as well as technology solutions. We operate as a Media Content Hub for Domestic and International syndication, Technology/Telecommunications company using our own proprietary Global Digital Media TV and Telecommunications infrastructure platform and also provide technology solutions to businesses domestically and worldwide. We offer Software as a Service (SaaS), Technology Platform as a Service (PAAS), Cloud-based Unified Communication as a Service (UCaaS) and carrier-grade performance and support for businesses over our private IP MPLS fiber and wireless network in the United States. Our cloud-based UCaaS services allow businesses of any size to enjoy all the latest voice, data, media and collaboration features in today's global technology markets. We also operate as a Master Distributor for Nationwide Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNO) and Independent Sales Organization (ISO) as a Master Distributor for Pre-Paid Cellphone services, Mobile phones, Cellphone Accessories and Global Roaming Cellphones. 2 Table of Contents Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 101 of the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act JOBS Act as we did not have more than 1,000,000,000 in annual gross revenue and did not have such amount as of December 31, 2022, our last fiscal year. We may lose our status as an emerging growth company on the last day of our fiscal year during which (i) our annual gross revenue exceeds 1,000,000,000 or (ii) we issue more than 1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt in a three-year period. We will lose our status as an emerging growth company if at any time we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer. We will lose our status as an emerging growth company on the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement, which we believe to be in 2024. As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable to generally reporting companies. These provisions include: - A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statement and only two years of related Management Discussion and Analysis Disclosures; - Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company s executive compensation arrangements; and - No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. As an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such sections are provided below: Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires a public company s auditor to attest to, and report on, management s assessment of its internal controls. Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities and Exchange Act, implemented by Section 951 of the Dodd-Frank Act, require companies to hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute compensation. We have already taken advantage of these reduced reporting burdens in this Form 10-K, which are also available to us as a smaller reporting company as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We are choosing to irrevocably opt into the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act. HISTORY We were originally incorporated in 1988 in the state of Florida. TPT Global, Inc., a Nevada corporation formed in June 2014, merged with Ally Pharma US, Inc., a Florida corporation, Ally Pharma , formerly known as Gold Royalty Corporation) in a reverse merger wherein Ally Pharma issued 110,000,000 shares of Common Stock, or 80 ownership, to the owners of TPT Global, Inc. in exchange for all outstanding common stock of TPT Global Inc. and Ally Pharma agreed to change its name to TPT Global Tech, Inc. (jointly referred to as the Company or TPTG ). 3 Table of Contents The following acquisitions have resulted in entities which have been consolidated into TPTG since the reverse merger in 2014. Name Herein referred to as Acquisition or Incorporation Date Ownership TPT Global Tech, Inc. Company or TPTG 1988 100 Copperhead Digital Holdings, Inc. Copperhead Digital or CDH 2015 100 TruCom, LLC TruCom 2015 100 CityNet Arizona, LLC CityNet 2015 100 San Diego Media Inc. SDM 2016 100 Blue Collar Production, Inc. Blue Collar 2018 100 TPT SpeedConnect, LLC TPT SpeedConnect 2019 100 TPT Federal, LLC TPT Federal 2020 100 TPT MedTech, LLC TPT MedTech 2020 100 TPT Strategic, Inc. TPT Strategic 2020 0 QuikLab 1 LLC Quiklab 1 2020 80 QuikLAB 2, LLC QuikLAB 2 2020 80 QuikLAB 3, LLC QuikLAB 3 2020 80 The Fitness Container, LLC Air Fitness 2020 75 TPT Global Tech Asia Limited TPT Asia 2020 78 TPT MedTech UK LTD TPT MedTech UK 2020 100 TPT Global Defense Systems, Inc. TPT Global Defense 2021 100 TPT Innovations Technology, Inc. TPT Innovations 2021 100 TPT Global Caribbean Inc. TPT Caribbean 2021 100 TPT Media and Entertainment, LLC TPT Media and Entertainment 2021 100 VuMe Live, LLC VuMe Live 2021 100 Digithrive, LLC Digithrive 2021 100 Information Security and Training, LLC IST 2022 0 We are based in San Diego, California, and operate as a technology-based company with divisions providing telecommunications, construction and product distribution, media content for domestic and international syndication as well as technology solutions. We operate as a Media Content Hub for Domestic and International syndication, Technology/Telecommunications company using our own proprietary Global Digital Media TV and Telecommunications infrastructure platform and also provide technology solutions to businesses domestically and worldwide. We offer Software as a Service (SaaS), Technology Platform as a Service (PAAS), Cloud-based Unified Communication as a Service (UCaaS) and carrier-grade performance and support for businesses over our private IP MPLS fiber and wireless network in the United States. Our cloud-based UCaaS services allow businesses of any size to enjoy all the latest voice, data, media and collaboration features in today's global technology markets. We also operate as a Master Distributor for Nationwide Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNO) and Independent Sales Organization (ISO) as a Master Distributor for Pre-Paid Cellphone services, Mobile phones, Cellphone Accessories and Global Roaming Cellphones. We anticipate needing an estimated 38,000,000 in capital to continue our business operations and expansion. We do not have committed sources for these additional funds and will need to be obtained through debt or equity placements or a combination of those. As part of this 38,000,000, we will use approximately 7,000,000 in debt restructuring, approximately 14,000,000 in equipment purchases and approximately 11,000,000 for working capital. We are in negotiations for certain sources to provide funding but at this time do not have a committed source of these funds. Our executive offices are located at 501 West Broadway, Suite 800, San Diego, CA 92101 and the telephone number is (619) 400-4996. We maintain a website at www.tptglobaltech.com, and such website is not incorporated into or a part of this filing. 4 Table of Contents CORPORATE STRUCTURE Our corporate structure is as follows: OTCQB Stock Symbol Currently there is a limited public trading market for our stock on OTCQB under the symbol TPTW. CURRENT BUSINESS Company Overview Through key acquisitions in 2015, we launched wholesale and retail operations in the United States and Internationally. These first acquisitions with their customer bases, Distribution Channels and Technology are the base for our organic growth strategy opportunities to cross pollinate or sell our planned New Generation, New Media Technology products and services, Domestically and Internationally. We, and our related companies and acquisitions, are seeking to be an innovative Telecom/CUBS (Cloud Unified Businesses Services) as one of the first to combine recurring Telecom, Mobile Banking, Media and Data/Cloud Services revenue under one roof, and then bring all relevant data from those services into a proprietary information matrix platform capable of delivering a Daily and Intelligent Dashboard to our Domestic and International customers. Such a cohesive combination of services and information from a single provider has been heretofore nonexistent. We intend to pioneer an integrated communication services and information technology suite, to empower companies with vital communications services technology, and highly relevant diagnostic information. To date we have generated revenues primarily through operating as a Competitive Local Exchange Carrier CLEC in Arizona and as an Internet Service Provider. Our primary revenues in 2022 and 2021 are primarily from telecommunications services and products including internet sales, and from film production. During 2022, we acquired a construction services company which we anticipate will play a bigger role in revenues going forward. 5 Table of Contents Our Key Divisions: TPT SpeedConnect: ISP and Telecom The Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of SpeedConnect LLC SpeedConnect for 1.75 million, including the assumption of all contracts and liabilities pertinent to operations and conveyed them into a wholly-owned subsidiary TPT SpeedConnect. SpeedConnect was founded in 2002 and operates as a national, predominantly rural, wireless telecommunications residential and commercial Internet Service Provider (ISP). TPT SpeedConnect s primary business model is subscription based, monthly reoccurring revenues, from wireless delivered, high-speed Internet connections utilizing its company built and owned national network. SpeedConnect also resells third-party satellite Internet, DSL Internet, IP telephony and DISH TV products. This Acquisition closed on May 7, 2019. SpeedConnect was a privately-held Broadband Wireless Access (BWA) provider. Today, we believe TPT SpeedConnect is one of the nation s larger rural wireless broadband Internet providers which serves approximately 5,600 residential and commercial wireless broadband Internet customers, in Arizona, Idaho, Michigan, Montana and Texas. TPT SpeedConnect is a full-service ISP. The company s main back office is run by company employees, and includes, network management, network monitoring and maintenance, significant allocations of registered address in public IP4 and IP6 space, employee based customer service, installation services, automated resources and application based scheduling and tracking, paper, ACH, credit card, and email billing, warehousing, fulfillment, integrated customer premise provisioning, walled garden collections and customer self-restarts, bandwidth usage tracking, integrated, secure, and deep financial and operations dash board reporting, collections, accounting, payables, owned and licensed backhaul, intelligent bandwidth management, consumption rated billing, customer payment portals, and all wrapped in a mature, first hit on all search engines, Internet Brand. The company today services approximately 5,600 residential and commercial Internet customers over its approximately 150+-cellular tower footprint across 5 Midwestern States. Today s urban ISP landscape is highly competitive and dominated by some of the world s largest companies. Names like Comcast, AT T, Cox, Charter and DISH are household words. Home Internet service has become synonymous with Cable. However, this is limited to the high-density top 100 markets. Beyond that the competition becomes more small licensed free wireless providers and satellite. Wire-line providers, unless backed with government subsidies, do not build beyond 15 homes per street mile. SpeedConnect services both rural and non-rural areas, and historically has done well in both marketplaces, however the margins are improved in the more rural areas due to reduced voluntary and involuntary customer attrition. TPT SpeedConnect s key suppliers include but are not limited to; Juniper, ZTE, Huawei, Cisco, Sandvine, American Tower, SBA Tower, Crown Castle, CenturyLink, SuddenLink, South Dakota Networks, 123 dot net, Genesee Telephone, Air Advantage Fiber, Iron Mountain, ConVergence, CDW, Talley, Tessco, Bursma Electronics, DragonWave, Ceragon Networks, Telrad, Arris, AP, APD, Plante Morran, Fifth Third, Sprint and others. Blue Collar Production Division Our production division, Blue Collar Productions (formerly Blue Collar, Inc.), creates original live action and animated content productions and has produced hundreds of hours of material for the television, theatrical, home entertainment and new media markets. Mr. Rowen, our CEO of Blue Collar, works closely with major television networks, cable channels and film studios to produce home entertainment products. The Documentary film group at Blue Collar recently completed a film on the cultural impact of Goodfellas : 20 Years Later that featured Martin Scorsese, Robert DeNiro, Lorraine Bracco, Leonardo DiCaprio and many others. They have also produced a series of film anthologies for Turner Classic Movies. Blue Collar is currently in production on Built To Fail, which is a look at the history of street wear. The film features Tommy Hilfiger, Russell Simmons and a host of notable street wear designers. They are also in pre-production on The 29 Club , a look at notable musicians who all tragically died at age 29; Memories in Music , which is an in-depth study of the impact of memory through music on Alzheimer s patients and Faces of Vegas , an exploration into the culture of Las Vegas, Nevada. Blue Collar Productions currently has the feature film Looking For Alaska , based on the John Green novel, producing for Paramount Pictures. The company produced for a pilot for MTV for a possible series, My Jam aired in the Fall of 2016. Blue Collar has also produced two seasons of Caribbean s Next Top Model Season. Blue Collar Productions designs branding and marketing campaigns and has had contracts with some of the world s largest companies including PepsiCo, Intel, HP, WalMart and many other Fortune 500 companies. Additionally, they create motion picture, television and home entertainment marketing campaigns for studios including Sony, DreamWorks, Twentieth Century Fox, Universal Studios, Paramount Studios, and Warner Brothers. 6 Table of Contents The CEO of this division, Mr. Rowen, has worked with filmmakers including Steven Spielberg, Ron Howard, Brett Ratner and James Cameron. Mr. Rowen also has very close working relationships with actors including Tom Hanks, Brad Pitt, Julia Roberts, Robert Downey, Jr., Denzel Washington, Ryan Gosling, Sofia Vergara, Mariska Hargitay and many others. Prior to starting Blue Collar Productions, Mr. Rowen functioned as the head of home entertainment production for DreamWorks SKG from 1997 to 2000. He also serves as the President of Long Leash Entertainment, an aggregator of entertainment based intellectual property and creator of high-end entertainment content. Information Security and Training, LLC Construction Services Division IST is an SBA 8(a) certified general contractor with over 25 years of experience that has completed over 100 projects in the Federal marketplace for over 15 different Federal Agencies. IST has been successfully providing design-build construction, demolition, abatement, earthwork, concrete, steel and metal work, masonry, underground utilities, environmental protection, and site restoration services since 2008. IST differentiates itself by offering superior quality results at a competitive price. IST safely delivers projects on time and within budget. IST is committed to maintaining customer satisfaction, trust and integrity by delivering quality products and services conforming to industry best practices and continuous process improvement. TPT MedTech, LLC Medical Division TPT MedTech was positioned to take advantage of the current trend in Point of Care Testing POCT by aligning itself with the exponential growth of smart devices equipped with mobile healthcare (mH), which was to revolutionize personalized healthcare monitoring and management, thereby paving the way for next-generation POCT. TPT MedTech did not generate significant revenues in 2022 and will take additional capital to open up this revenue stream. San Diego Media Division San Diego Media, Inc. SDM operated as an established Southern California based software engineering and Internet e-commerce marketing services company that provided enterprise-class integrated solutions for manufacturers, retailers, and distributors focused on developing solutions for companies seeking online growth and profitability. SDM currently does not have any customers. It will take capital to reopen this revenue stream. K Telecom and Global Telecom- GSM Distribution K Telecom and Global Telecom were located in the Northwest of the United States and sold and distributed GSM Cell Phone and Prepaid GSM Services for MVNO s (Mobile Virtual Network Operators) through approximately 100 brick and mortar retail store-front locations in Washington and Oregon. K Telecom and Global Telecom currently do not have any customers. It will take capital to reopen these revenue streams and activate the legal entities which have been inactivated by their respective states. Copperhead Digital Holdings, LLC /TruCom, LLC CLEC Phoenix, Arizona Copperhead Digital operated as a regional internet and telecom services provider operating in Arizona under the trade name TruCom. Although there are currently no customers and it will take capital to reopen this revenue stream, Copperhead Digital operated as a wireless telecommunications Internet Service Provider ISP facilitating both residential and commercial accounts. Copperhead Digital s primary business model was subscription based, pre-paid monthly reoccurring revenues, from wireless delivered, high-speed internet connections. In addition, the company resold third-party satellite and DSL internet and IP telephony services. Copperhead Digital currently does not have any customers. It will take capital to reopen this revenue stream. Technology Company Overview Our Company was formed as the successor of two US Corporations, Ally Pharma US, a Pharmaceutical technology research company founded in 1988 and TPT Global Inc. a Media Content, Voice and Data, Interconnect and International gateway provider. TPT Global Tech is headquartered in San Diego, California and operates as a holding company for its Media, Smartphone, Network, Content and SaaS (Software as a Services) domestic and international businesses. Historically and through key acquisitions we launched Telecommunications wholesale and retail operations in the United States and Internationally. These first acquisitions with their Customer Bases, Distribution Channels and Technology are the base for our organic growth strategy and provide opportunities to cross sell our platforms and New Media Technology products and services Domestically and Internationally. 7 Table of Contents We are based in San Diego, California and operate as a technology-based company with divisions providing telecommunications, medical technology and product distribution, media content for domestic and international syndication as well as technology solutions. We operate as a Media Content Hub for Domestic and International syndication, Technology/Telecommunications company using on our own proprietary Global Digital Media TV and Telecommunications infrastructure platform and we also provide technology solutions to businesses worldwide. We offer Software as a Service (SaaS), Technology Platform as a Service (PAAS), Cloud-based Unified Communication as a Service (UCaaS) and carrier-grade performance and support for businesses over our private IP MPLS fiber and wireless network in the United States. Our cloud-based UCaaS services allow businesses of any size to enjoy all the latest voice, data, media and collaboration features in today's global technology markets. We also operate as a Master Distributor for Nationwide Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNO) and Independent Sales Organization (ISO) as a Master Distributor for Pre-Paid Cellphone services, Mobile phones, Cellphone Accessories and Global Roaming Cellphones. Our technologies Gathers Big Data to predict our customers viewing and spending habits. We then deliver Products and Services to support that estimated demand and share advertising revenues with our Content, Digital Media and Linear Broadcast Partners worldwide. Each of our four divisions contributes to the launch of our global Content delivery platform VuMe formerly known as ViewMe Live and creates cross pollinating revenue opportunities and a closed Global E-commerce Eco environment which we believe will help us execute our short- and long-term corporate objectives. Our Content Division which consists of Blue Collar Productions (our TV and Film content Production company) creates original content and in some cases third party content. Once Content has been produced, we will then broadcast and deliver that content over our proprietary Mobile TV Platform domestically and internationally. Our corporate goal is to work within our four in house divisions (Smartphone, Network, Content and SaaS) to launch hardware sales and build a viewer subscriber base domestically and internationally. This edge device deployment would deliver free Content, free Linear Broadcast feeds and Social Media features on our Free proprietary Mobile app platform with the anticipation to aggregate and showcase our original and third-party Content, Digital Media and Linear broadcast feeds from and too the four corners of the Globe. We have generated revenues in 2022 and 2021, primarily through operating as a Broadband Internet provider. The Company can also operate its approximate 58 miles Fiber optic ring throughout the greater Phoenix valley offering such services as Basic Residential Phone service, Basic Business phone service, POT s lines, Basic Fiber Broadband Internet services, Wireless Internet Services, Toll Free 800 services, EFax, Erate, Dedicated T-1 Services, Auto Attendant, SIP Trunks, Mobile and VoIP services. These offerings will continue for the foreseeable future weighted heavily towards offering more Wireless Internet services and the Fiber Ring will be transformed into a Private Test facility to be offered for rent to businesses needing a private network to test new products for proof of concept purposes. Since the acquisition of the assets of SpeedConnect in 2019, we operate as a Broadband Wireless Access (BWA) provider and are considered one of the nation s largest rural wireless broadband Internet providers serving approximately 5,600 residential and commercial wireless broadband Internet customers, in Arizona, Idaho, Michigan, Montana, and Texas. We, and our related acquired companies are seeking to be an innovative Media-Telecom/CUBS (Cloud Unified Businesses Services) company and one of the first to combine recurring Telecom, Media and Data/Cloud Services revenue under one roof, then bring all relevant data from those services into a proprietary telecom infrastructure and information matrix platform capable of delivering a Daily and Intelligent Dashboard to our Domestic and International customers. Such a planned cohesive combination of services and information from a single provider has been heretofore nonexistent. We intend to pioneer an integrate communication services and information technology suites to empower individuals and companies with vital communications, Smartphone, Network, Content, SaaS (Software as A Service), New Media Technology products and services, and valuable relevant diagnostic information both Domestically and Internationally. We are currently able to deliver a live Global TV Broadcast and Social Media Platform utilizing a Mobile App technology on our proprietary Content Delivery Network. We plan to expand our Cloud Unified Business Services (CUBS) technology-based business services unifying multiple services from the cloud including applications developed for our medical division. CUBS (Cloud Unified Business Services) - We are a CUBS provider, acquiring customers and then cross selling additional products and services through our proprietary Wrap Around Relationship Marketing (WARM) system, intending to make the customers very sticky prone to not leave as a customer. 8 Table of Contents Planned Activities Big Data Predictive Analytics - Our capability to utilize our proprietary aggregation platform to gather data from our hardware and software edge device (End Users) deployments positions the Company to be a leader in predictive analytics. Cross-Sales Our growth strategy through complimentary acquisitions may create opportunities to cross and sell its New Generation, New Media technology products and services to a growing customer base across multiple distribution channels, both domestically and internationally. Market Launch - Through our acquisition of VuMe from Matrixsites, we have acquired the live backend broadcast Network technology for our Global Mobile TV and Social Media platform. Subject to raising capital 2,000,000) from our fund-raising activities we have completed the frontend development component and believe we are within three to six months to launch its VuMe Mobile APP delivery platform. Liquidity and Capital Resource Needs We anticipate needing an estimated 38,000,000 in capital to continue our business operations and expansion. We do not have committed sources for these additional funds and will need to be obtained through debt or equity placements or a combination of those. Estimate of Liquidity and Capital Resource Needs Equipment purchases and manufacturing 14,000,000 Product advancement 2,250,000 Acquisitions 500,000 Debt Restructuring 7,300,000 Working capital, including marketing 11,470,000 Brokerage commissions 2,280,000 Offering expenses 200,000 38,000,000 Although the items set forth above indicate management s present estimate of our liquidity and capital resource needs, we may reallocate the proceeds or utilize them for other corporate purposes . Our actual use proceeds may vary from these estimates because of a number of factors, including whether we are successful in completing future acquisitions, whether we obtain additional funding, what other obligations have been incurred by us, the operating results of our initial acquisition activities, and whether we are able to operate profitably. If our need for working capital increases, we may seek additional funds through loans or other financing. There are no current commitments for any such financing opportunity, and there can be no assurance that these funds may be obtained in the future if the need arises. RECENT ACQUISITIONS/FORMATIONS OF OPERATING DIVISIONS/SUBSIDIARIES TPT Strategic Merger with Information Security and Training LLC Dated as of June 29, 2022, TPT Strategic entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition of the assets and Information Security and Training LLC IST LLC or IST a General Construction and Information Technology Services company based in Huntsville Alabama with branch offices in Nashville TN, Birmingham Al, Jackson MS, Fort Campbell KY, New Orleans LA, and Joint Base Lewis-McChord. The TPT Strategic and IST, LLC agreement, which closed October 20, 2022, for the acquisition is a stock transaction where the founder and sole interest holder, Everett Lanier, is to receive Preferred Series B shares of TPT Strategic that will convert to a 10 ownership of TPT Strategic under certain conditions. The acquisition includes the assumption of all assets and certain liabilities. Everett Lanier will remain as the President and will become a Board Member of TPT Strategic. 9 Table of Contents TPT Strategic Merger with Education System Management, Inc. TPT Strategic previously entered into a merger agreement with Education System Management, Inc. EDSM which was contingent on EDSM completing an audit in six months, which EDSM did not complete. TPT Global Tech Securities Purchase Agreement with MA Littman Atty Securities Purchase Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note On March 24, 2023, TPT Global Tech, Inc. TPT entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated with MA Littman Atty Defined Benefit Plan Seller and Asberry22 Holdings, Inc. Asberry for the purchase of 500,000 shares of Series A Super Majority Voting Preferred Stock of Asberry for the aggregate principal amount of 500,000. Such five hundred thousand shares of Series A Supermajority Voting Preferred Stock are Supermajority Voting to vote equivalent of 90 of the outstanding common shares of the Common Stock of Asberry at any time (post reverse split of any amount) in the form of the Series A Designation of Rights and Privileges under Exhibit A of the Securities Purchase Agreement. TPT entered into a 500,000 convertible promissory note Convertible Promissory Note with Michael A. Littman, Atty Defined Benefit Plan MAL-Plan pursuant to the above referenced Securities Purchase Agreement. The Convertible Promissory Note is due 180 days from March 24, 2023 and pays interest at the rate of 6 per annum. The Convertible Promissory Note may convert all or part (in increments) of the principal balance to common stock of the Company at the rate of 85 of the volume weighted average price for the preceding 5 market trading days. The Company agreed to file the necessary S-1 to register any shares underlying this conversion right within 120 days of March 24, 2023. To convert, MAL-Plan shall give notice of conversion together with the increment of the note, in writing to the Company, and the conversion shall be effective upon such date of notice. ASHI Agreement and Plan of Merger An Agreement and Plan of Merger ("ASHI Agreement") was made and entered into as of March 24, 2023 by and among TPT SpeedConnect LLC, a Colorado Limited Liability Company (wholly-owned subsidiary of TPT Global Tech, Inc.) ("SPC"), and Asberry 22 Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation ("ASHI"), and SPC Acquisition, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ASHI, domiciled in Colorado ("Acquisition Sub"). SPC then converted to a Corporate entity and Acquisition Sub merged with and into SPC (the "Merger"). The separate corporate existence of Acquisition Sub ceased and SPC continues as the surviving corporation in the Merger and as wholly-owned subsidiary of ASHI. All of the properties, rights and privileges, and power of SPC, vest in the Subsidiary, and all debts, liabilities and duties of SPC are the debts, liabilities and duties of the Subsidiary. The shares of common stock of Acquisition Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time is converted into and exchange for 1,000 validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Subsidiary's common stock. TPT Global Tech, Inc. is to be issued a total of 4,658,318 common shares of ASHI (the "ASHI Common Stock"), as a result of the merger, constituting 85 of the then issued and outstanding common stock. TPT Global Tech, Inc. also has purchased all of the 500,000 Series A Super Majority Voting Preferred Shares of ASHI.ASHI shall file a Form S-1 Registration Statement with the Securities Exchange Commission within 120 days after closing, to register for resale: a) the common shares of ASHI, issued at closing, b) conversion shares for the Series A Supermajority Preferred Stock and c) those outstanding shares of the shareholders of ASHI existing as of the day prior to closing, and shall pursue such S-1 filing diligently to effectiveness. The Officers of ASHI shall resign effective upon the appointment of the new Officers, as designated by SPC. The Current Directors of ASHI shall remain as directors until the Series A Preferred Stock (500,000 shares) of ASHI shall have been redeemed or converted. SPC shall have designated two new directors for appointment effective at closing, and may then appoint new Officers, and the current officers shall resign at closing. TPT Acquisition of Property for Smart City Concept On May 10, 2022, as part of a Smart City concept and to utilize its telecommunications expertise, the Company entered into Real Estate Sales Agreements to acquire approximately 135 acres of land in Tuskegee, with the Gray Family Limited Partnership and Lakeside Ranch, Inc. comprised of one approximate 45 acre parcel along Tuskegee Lake and the second an approximate 85 acre parcel along route 80 heading to Auburn, Alabama. Per the agreements, TPT Global Tech will be paying approximately 1,700,000 for the properties, of which it paid a combined 10,000 in down payments. The Company had until November 11, 2022 to close the transactions including paying the remainder of the purchase price. This did not happen, and the Company is in negotiations to finance this with a bank of which the Gray Family has verbally said they would honor. Closing of the transactions are subject to the validity of the verbal commitment and obtaining financing, all surveys and finalizing master plans for the kick-off the Company s Smart City project. 10 Table of Contents Our Business Methods Centralized Platform and New Generation Network We are now operating a next-generation broadband network reselling other companies networks on a wholesale arbitrage basis (buying and reselling other companies capacity) on our centralized VIVO Platform. We are interconnected to U.S. and International carriers to date. Once funded, we intend to deploy our own in-country networks in the targeted emerging markets. This will enable us to be able to provide better quality termination and increase our operating margins. We believe our platform will produce substantial operational cost savings. Because of our pricing advantage, we are able to offer our clients products and services at an attractive pricing structure, creating a strong competitive advantage. Based on our low network operating costs and low-cost infrastructure, we believe we may penetrate emerging markets with little network build-out and at a reasonable price. Management believes that our service offerings will be well received in emerging markets based on existing relationships and pricing structure, which will enable us to set the industry standard with little competition. Once we establish in-country networks, we will be able to market Phones, Networks, Content and SaaS products targeted to specific subgroups that coincide with the country/region where we have a network in place or a strategic partnership network in place. Use of Incumbent Networks Under formal agreements we can privately brand and resell incumbent carriers underlying broadband networks, while deploying our own Wimax/Wi-Fi/GSM service plans and mobile handsets. As a true value add, our VIVO billing platform allows us to manage the billing and routing, offering our customers a seamless, branded network from anywhere we maintain a relationship. By way of incumbent operator networks, we can sell and market to retail and wholesale customers without the high infrastructure costs associated with deploying our own network. If and when the revenues justify the cost of constructing our own network, we plan to investigate adding a wireless Broadband/ GSM network and transfer our customer base in a final step to reduce costs of goods sold long-term. Wholesale Termination Wholesale termination is the reselling of excess network capacity on a reciprocal basis to other telecom carriers both domestically and internationally. Due to the large number of carrier relationships we have in the US and abroad, we believe we can immediately increase our wholesale termination in each country in which we have a license to operate. This wholesale activity generates additional cash flow immediately if successfully implemented. Wholesale termination is a low risk, low margin business. Service Description Our next-generation wireless Broadband/GSM network relies on non-line-of-sight technology. This will provide a level of performance comparable to that delivered by evolving Worldwide Interoperability of Microwave Access (WiMAX) standards. The cost advantage equates to substantial reductions of fixed costs as compared to building traditional, legacy, and switched networks. Our products and marketing strategy unifies the various features available in today s telecommunication environment including: Significant international broadband capacity High quality VoIP communication Cellular/GSM and Wi-Fi wireless convergence IPTV, Content Applications and Financial Services Products Remote network management Sophisticated Prepaid, Wholesale and Retail billing CRM management; and Intranet Build-out, back office management and reporting. 11 Table of Contents Our Business Segments Our business segment consists generally of providing strategic, legacy and data integration products and services to small, medium and enterprise business, wholesale and governmental customers, including other communication providers. Our strategic products and services offered to these customers include our collocation, hosting, broadband, VoIP, information technology and other ancillary services. Our services offered to these customers primarily include local and long-distance voice, inducing the sale of unbundled network elements UNEs ), switched access and other ancillary services. Our product offerings include the sale of telecommunications equipment located on customers premises and related products and professional services, all of which are described further below. Our products and services include local and long-distance voice, broadband, Ethernet, collocation, hosting (including cloud hosting and managed hosting), data integration, video, network, public access, VoIP, information technology and other ancillary services. We offer our customers the ability to bundle together several products and services. For example, we offer integrated and unlimited local and long-distance voice services. Our customers can also bundle two or more services such as broadband, video (including through our strategic partnerships), voice services. We believe our customers value the convenience and price discounts associated with receiving multiple services through a single company. Most of our products and services are provided using our telecommunications network, which consists of voice and data switches, copper cables, fiber-optic cables and other equipment. Described in greater detail below are our key products and services are as follows: TPT SpeedConnect: ISP and Telecom On May 7, 2019, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of SpeedConnect LLC SpeedConnect for 1.75 million, including the assumption of all contracts and liabilities pertinent to operations and conveyed them into a wholly owned subsidiary TPT SpeedConnect. The Acquisition closed on May 7, 2019. SpeedConnect was founded in 2002 by its CEO John Arthur Ogren and is in its 17th year of operations as a national, predominantly rural, wireless telecommunications residential and commercial Internet Service Provider (ISP). TPT SpeedConnect s primary business model is subscription based, monthly reoccurring revenues, from wireless delivered, high-speed Internet connections utilizing its company built and owned national network. SpeedConnect also resells third-party satellite Internet, DSL Internet, IP telephony and DISH TV products. SpeedConnect is a privately-held Broadband Wireless Access (BWA) provider. Today, TPT SpeedConnect is one of the nation s largest rural wireless broadband Internet providers which serves approximately 5,600 residential and commercial wireless broadband Internet customers, in Arizona, Idaho, Michigan, Montana and Texas. TPT SpeedConnect is a full-service ISP. The company s back office is run by company employees, and includes network management, network monitoring and maintenance, significant allocations of registered address in public IP4 and IP6 space, employee based customer service, installation services, automated resources and application based scheduling and tracking, paper, ACH, credit card, and email billing, warehousing, fulfillment, integrated customer premise provisioning, walled garden collections and customer self-restarts, bandwidth usage tracking, integrated, secure, and deep financial and operations dash board reporting, collections, accounting, payables, owned and licensed backhaul, intelligent bandwidth management, consumption rated billing, customer payment portals, and all wrapped in a mature, first hit on all search engines, Internet Brand. The company today services approximately 5,600 residential and commercial Internet customers over its approximately 150+-cellular tower footprint across 5 Midwestern States. Today s urban ISP landscape is highly competitive and dominated by some of the world s largest going concerns. Names like Comcast, AT T, Cox, Charter and DISH are household words. Home Internet service has become synonymous with Cable. However, this is limited to the high-density top 100 markets. Beyond that the competition becomes more small licensed free wireless providers and satellite. Wire-line providers, unless backed with government subsidies, do not build beyond 15 homes per street mile. SpeedConnect services both rural and non-rural areas, and historically has done well in both marketplaces, however the margins are improved in the more rural areas due to reduced voluntary and involuntary customer attrition. TPT SpeedConnect s key suppliers include but are not limited to; Juniper, ZTE, Huawei, Cisco, Sandvine, American Tower, SBA Tower, Crown Castle, CenturyLink, SuddenLink, South Dakota Networks, 123 dot net, Genesee Telephone, Air Advantage Fiber, Iron Mountain, ConVergence, CDW, Talley, Tessco, Bursma Electronics, DragonWave, Ceragon Networks, Telrad, Arris, AP, APD, Plante Morran, Fifth Third, Sprint and others. 12 Table of Contents Blue Collar Production Division Our production division, Blue Collar Productions (formerly Blue Collar, Inc.), creates original live action and animated content productions. Blue Collar creates original live action and animated content and has produced hundreds of hours of material for the television, theatrical, home entertainment and new media markets. The Documentary film group at Blue Collar recently completed a film on the cultural impact of Goodfellas : 20 Years Later that featured Martin Scorsese, Robert DeNiro, Lorraine Bracco, Leonardo DiCaprio and many others. They have also produced a series of film anthologies for Turner Classic Movies. Blue Collar is currently in production on Built To Fail, which is a look at the history of street wear. The film features Tommy Hilfiger, Russell Simmons and a host of notable street wear designers. They are also in pre-production on The 29 Club , a look at notable musicians who all tragically died at age 29; Memories in Music , which is an in-depth study of the impact of memory through music on Alzheimer s patients and Faces of Vegas , an exploration into the culture of Las Vegas, Nevada. Blue Collar Productions currently has the feature film Looking For Alaska , based on the John Green novel, producing for Paramount Pictures. The company produced for a pilot for MTV for a possible series, My Jam aired in the Fall of 2016. Blue Collar has also produced two seasons of Caribbean s Next Top Model Season. Blue Collar Productions designs branding and marketing campaigns and has had contracts with some of the world s largest companies including PepsiCo, Intel, HP, WalMart and many other Fortune 500 companies. Additionally, they create motion picture, television and home entertainment marketing campaigns for studios including Sony, DreamWorks, Twentieth Century Fox, Universal Studios, Paramount Studios, and Warner Brothers. The CEO of this division, Mr. Rowen, has worked with filmmakers including Steven Spielberg, Ron Howard, Brett Ratner and James Cameron. Mr. Rowen also has very close working relationships with actors including Tom Hanks, Brad Pitt, Julia Roberts, Robert Downey, Jr., Denzel Washington, Ryan Gosling, Sofia Vergara, Mariska Hargitay and many others. Prior to starting Blue Collar Productions, Mr. Rowen functioned as the head of home entertainment production for DreamWorks SKG from 1997 to 2000. He also serves as the President of Long Leash Entertainment, an aggregator of entertainment based intellectual property and creator of high-end entertainment content. Information Security and Training, LLC - Construction IST is an SBA 8(a) certified general contractor with over 25 years of experience that has completed over 100 projects in the Federal marketplace for over 15 different Federal Agencies. IST has been successfully providing design-build construction, demolition, abatement, earthwork, concrete, steel and metal work, masonry, underground utilities, environmental protection, and site restoration services since 2008. IST differentiates itself by offering superior quality results at a competitive price. IST safely delivers projects on time and within budget. IST is committed to maintaining customer satisfaction, trust and integrity by delivering quality products and services conforming to industry best practices and continuous process improvement. TPT MedTech, LLC Medical Division TPT MedTech was positioned to take advantage of the current trend in Point of Care Testing POCT by aligning itself with the exponential growth of smart devices equipped with mobile healthcare (mH), which was to revolutionize personalized healthcare monitoring and management, thereby paving the way for next-generation POCT. TPT MedTech did not generate significant revenues in 2022 and will take additional capital to open up this revenue stream. San Diego Media Division San Diego Media, Inc. SDM operated as an established Southern California based software engineering and Internet e-commerce marketing services company that provided enterprise-class integrated solutions for manufacturers, retailers, and distributors focused on developing solutions for companies seeking online growth and profitability. SDM currently does not have any customers. It will take capital to reopen this revenue stream. K Telecom and Global Telecom- GSM Distribution K Telecom and Global Telecom were located in the Northwest of the United States and sold and distributed GSM Cell Phone and Prepaid GSM Services for MVNO s (Mobile Virtual Network Operators) through approximately 100 brick and mortar retail store-front locations in Washington and Oregon. K Telecom and Global Telecom currently do not have any customers. It will take capital to reopen this revenue stream. 13 Table of Contents Copperhead Digital Holdings, LLC /TruCom, LLC CLEC Phoenix, Arizona Copperhead Digital operated as a regional internet and telecom services provider operating in Arizona under the trade name TruCom. Although there are currently no customers and it will take capital to reopen this revenue stream, Copperhead Digital operated as a wireless telecommunications Internet Service Provider ISP facilitating both residential and commercial accounts. Copperhead Digital s primary business model was subscription based, pre-paid monthly reoccurring revenues, from wireless delivered, high-speed internet connections. In addition, the company resold third-party satellite and DSL internet and IP telephony services. Media Content We operate as a Media Content Hub for Domestic and International syndication, Technology/Telecommunications company using on our own proprietary Global Digital Media TV and Telecommunications infrastructure platform and we also provide technology solutions to businesses worldwide. We offer Software as a Service (SaaS), Technology Platform as a Service (PAAS), Cloud-based Unified Communication as a Service (UCaaS) and carrier-grade performance and support for businesses over our private IP MPLS fiber and wireless network in the United States. Our cloud-based UCaaS services allow businesses of any size to enjoy all the latest voice, data, media and collaboration features in today's global technology markets. We also operate as a Master Distributor for Nationwide Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNO) and Independent Sales Organization (ISO) as a Master Distributor for Pre-Paid Cellphone services, Mobile phones, Cellphone Accessories and Global Roaming Cellphones. Our technologies Gathers Big Data to predict our customers viewing and spending habits. We then deliver Products and Services to support that estimated demand and share advertising revenues with our Content, Digital Media and Linear Broadcast Partners worldwide. Each of our four divisions contributes to the launch of our global Content delivery platform VuMe and creates cross pollinating revenue opportunities and a closed Global E-commerce Eco environment which we believe will help us execute our short and long term corporate objectives. Our Content Division which consists of Blue Collar Productions (our TV and Film content Production company) creates original content and in some cases third party content. Once Content has been produced we will then broadcast and delivered that content over our proprietary Mobile TV Platform on our proprietary TruCom Telecommunication Network infrastructure domestically and internationally. CUBS (Cloud Unified Business Services) We are a CUBS provider (Cloud Unified Businesses Services) company and one of the first to combine recurring Telecom, Media and Data/Cloud Services revenue under one roof, then bring all relevant data from those services into a proprietary telecom infrastructure and information matrix platform capable of delivering a Daily and Intelligent Dashboard to our Domestic and International customers. Such a planned cohesive combination of services and information from a single provider has been heretofore nonexistent. We intend to pioneer an integrate communication services and information technology suites to empower individuals and companies with vital communications, Smartphone, Network, Content, SaaS (Software as A Service), New Media Technology products and services, and valuable relevant diagnostic information both Domestically and Internationally. We are currently able to deliver a live Global TV Broadcast and Social Media Platform utilizing a Mobile App technology on our proprietary Content Delivery Network. We plan to expand our Cloud Unified Business Services (CUBS) technology-based business services unifying multiple services from the cloud. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS Financing Arrangements On February 8, 2023, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC entered into a 81,675 promissory note agreement (1800 Diagonal Note #2 ). The 1800 Diagonal Note #2 has an original issue discount of 9 , or 7,425, and bears interest at 9 , 22 upon default, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock only under default, as defined. Total of 81,675 plus and accrued interest is due February 7, 2024. At any time following default, as defined, conversion rights exist at a discount rate of 25 of the lowest trading price for the Company s common stock during the previous 10 trading days prior to conversion. 150,000,000 common shares of the Company have been reserved with the transfer agent for possible conversion under a default. On February 9, 2023, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC First Fire entered into a 330,000 promissory note agreement (Firstfire Note #2 ). The FirstFire Note #2 has an original issue discount of 9 , or 30,000, and bears interest at 10 , 20 upon default, and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock only under default, as defined. 33,000 of interest is considered earned at the issue date. Total of 330,000 plus accrued interest is due February 8, 2024. Conversion rights exist that at any time after issuance, the FirstFire Note #2 can be exchanged for shares of common stock at .0012 per share. 350,000,000 common shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved with the transfer agent for possible conversion. 14 Table of Contents Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws On February 14, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and by-laws of the Company amended the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized number of common shares by Two Billion (2,000,000,000) which increased the total authorized common shares to Four Billion Five Hundred Million (4,500,000,000) with all common shares having the then existing rights powers and privileges as per the existing amended Certificate of Incorporate and Bylaws of the Company. CORPORATE MARKETING STRATEGY Our corporate strategy in expanding our operations and potential product and service streams is as follows. MARKETING OBJECTIVE: Establish our brand as a competitive service and product provider in the communications industry. ADVERTISING OBJECTIVE: To create top of mind brand awareness and emotional relevance resulting: TPT Global Tech, Inc. being the preferred and requested product line of products in the industry. SALES MERCHANDISING OBJECTIVES: Our distributor will use direct selling efforts. Their efforts will be supported with our marketing, advertising, and merchandising programs. The primary task will be to increase the sales through retail channels. PURSUE BRAND RECOGNITION THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES The first marketing objective must be to refine our brand and secure our place in the minds of the consumers. This will be accomplished through the execution of an integrated branding, identity and services marketing programs. The goals for this segment will be an enhanced brand identity, a brand applications and a digital assets suite. MARKETING STRATEGY Our plan includes a direct sales program targeting businesses, small business and home office users of communications. The direct sales efforts will be supported with third party marketing integration. To further enhance the sales process, we will offer an offering program including services and product sheets, coupons, point of sale materials (banners, shelf talkers, and end cap displays and danglers) and internet marketing programs. Based on the above benefit scenarios, we plan to seize the following opportunities: Build superior brand recognition and become recognized as a category leader. Expand the US distribution into all states. Establish distribution internationally. Establish and manage a knowledgeable team of account executives with industry experience. Create a retail merchandising program that will build a strong market share. The purpose of our marketing efforts is to move the product sales from their current position into the rapid growing popularity stage. Our strategy includes the following marketing programs: Branding; Merchandising; Direct; Display Advertising; Media; Public Relations; Publicity; Events; Investor Relations; Metrics Dashboard; and, Personal Sales. Our objective is to gain the sales momentum required to reach the brand preference stage of product growth as soon as possible. This is the stage where we plan sales growth at a steady and stabilized pace. 15 Table of Contents THE DIRECT MARKETING PROGRAM A complete direct marketing program including direct mail, blast email and URLs may be used to introduce the products to new customers and secure leads for the sales team. We plan to employ the services of a database marketing company to leverage techniques to target prospective clients and reinforce product messages throughout the selling process. This process will commence with the modeling of our existing customer data and the analysis of the results using sophisticated analytic tools. Cross-channel marketing will be utilized in conjunction with the direct marketing including social marketing. Our focus of this marketing medium will be relevance and timing, which only this medium can provide full control over and the ability to fully quantify the results. THE MEDIA MARKETING PROGRAM We intend to test several media options to determine which, if any, effectively drive sales and sales leads. The mediums being considered include outdoor advertising, both static and mobile, magazine ads, and radio spots. Other media to be explored are direct mail postcards and emails to opt in viewers. THE PUBLIC RELATIONS/PUBLICITY PROGRAM We plan to employ the services of a public relations firm to build a corporate profile to keep the name and the services and products in front of consumers. A third-party PR firm will be responsible for writing and publishing press releases, coordinating event marketing and managing investor relations. We employ marketing, sales and customer service personnel on an as needed basis for specific events to build brand awareness. We use a range of marketing strategies and tactics to build our brand and increase sales, including point-of-sale materials, event sponsorship, in-store and on-premise promotions, public relations, and a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques to support the sales of all of our products. We believe that a marketing mix of event promotions, social media, print advertising in local media and internet advertising providing information and samples of our products at social events is a strategy that may help increase sales. TARGET CUSTOMER We plan to profile our existing customers and create a sophisticated data model to mathematically and statistically identify our ideal customer. Further the model will be used to learn exactly how the target customer wishes to be communicated with and marketed to. THE INTERNATIONAL MARKET We plan to market our product internationally. Many of the current products offered by us have features for the international community. This will be a secondary but strong focus by our marketing team. EXPERIENCED MANAGEMENT Our senior management team has over 30 years of experience in the various consumer product industries and has a proven track record of creating value both organically and through strategic acquisitions. Our management intends to utilize the best available and fit-for-purpose technology and experienced contractors to improve production and expand distribution. CORPORATE STRATEGY Our Goals Our primary goal is to continue to grow our business by improving value to our current customers and vendors. In providing a high-quality network we intend to continue to grow our business. Additionally, we intend to purchase established telecommunications and technology companies that will immediately generate and increase traffic (revenue) to our Company s retail and wholesale network. Companies that we are strategically aligned with have in their core business synergistic retail products and services that include, but are not limited to, Telecom Cloud Services Media, Merchant Services/Mobile Banking, Cloud Services and Media (e.g. credit/debit card processing, check/ACH payment processing, ecommerce/merchant processing, web hosting, voice, data, GSM/Wi-Fi Mobile, Mobile Money Transfers, IPTV, VOD and Live Mobile Broadcasting, Prepaid Calling Card and PIN-less Prepaid services). If we acquire a strategic partner as a subsidiary, we believe we will have the ability to aggregate their analogous technology platforms onto our proprietary Software Access System operating platform for integration and efficiency. 16 Table of Contents We intend to work our media to accelerate cohesively in the mobile technology sectors: LIVE Broadcast, Video on Demand (VOD) Apps, and Digital Video Magazine (DVM) Apps. While white labeling our technologies as SaaS, our primary focus is what we believe is the first Global Cyber LIVE Mobile TV broadcast network, VuMe Live. The VuMe Live Network is a 24-hour LIVE worldwide mobile TV network, delivered via iOS and Android apps. The VuMe Live Network presents a diversity of Linear Broadcast Channels (Domestically and International), coupled with Social Media Platforms with combined functions that compete with some of the largest and most powerful Digital Media platforms, to connected audiences who live a mobile-centric life. Network Services Domestic and Global Telecommunications offerings include: Mobile TV, Phone, Internet, Fiber Optic, Wireless, Hosted PBX, Wi-Fi, Wi-Max, Engineering, Cabling, Wiring and Cloud services. Our telecommunications division has pioneered innovative, hosted firewall and managed MPLS service technologies (SuperCore MPLS) and was the industry s first to engineer patent-pending Bulletproof failover services utilizing our own fiber optic and wireless networks to guarantee business continuity and service uptime. As a retail and business media and telecommunications provider operating a high-speed Fiber Optic Network and Wireless Network in the USA at a cost competitive rate for new technologies, we are growing our operations through sales of our core voice data connectivity products to small and midsized business clients. We have a growth strategy through acquisitions in order to increase regional operations and deploy more technologies to niche underserved markets. Unified Cloud Services, Unified Communications (UC) or Unified Communications/Collaboration (UCC) has been a topic of interest to users looking to evolve from a disorderly combination of media, voice, email and message communications to something more structured. Our goal is to target existing and new small and medium businesses SMBs to transition their older voice system businesses, expand their software collaboration offerings, and most recently build cloud service offerings. Cloud solution gives our customers the flexibility to support a myriad of mobile devices as part of their hardware strategy, whether it's launching a bring-your-own-device initiative, implementing a one-to-one program or equipping SMBs with mobile computing carts full of tablets, netbooks, or notebooks in a secured environment. Scalability and Cost Efficiency Our proprietary Software Access System platform currently runs our global operations. In short, it does this by connecting our customer base with the most profitable vendor route while calculating least cost routing, analyzing route quality, and respecting dipping protocols. Based on the demand, we have the ability to scale to meet the needs of our customers. Comparable off the shelf software systems in the marketplace can cost in the hundreds of thousands of dollars just to purchase, not to mention expensive service contracts, which may continue in perpetuity after the original purchase. Our proprietary platform, in which we have invested and have developed over several years, allows us to operate a global network with better efficiency which we believe differentiates us from other competitors in the marketplace. We believe our competitive advantages are: We believe our VuMe Live products and services are close to being ready to launch globally. We offer 3-15 seconds latency Cellular 1-5 on Wi-Fi. We offer Proprietary Optimizing / Stabilizing software. We offer Multi-Channel LIVE and Video on Demand worldwide. We offer Patent Pending real time dynamic failover solution called Bulletproof . We offer our own proprietary voice switching and management platform running least cost routing and real time financial analytics. We have over 175 existing USA and International Telephone companies already interconnected to our telecom switches. These customers and vendors are ready-made strategic technology distribution partners for our Telecom, Media, and Cloud Services products. 17 Table of Contents Construction Services IST is an SBA 8(a) certified general contractor with over 25 years of experience that has completed over 100 projects in the Federal marketplace for over 15 different federal agencies. IST has been successfully providing design-build construction, demolition, abatement, earthwork, concrete, steel and metal work, masonry, underground utilities, environmental protection, and site restoration services since 2008. IST differentiates itself by offering superior quality results at a competitive price. IST safely delivers projects on time and within budget. IST is committed to maintaining customer satisfaction, trust and integrity by delivering quality products and services conforming to industry best practices and continuous process improvement. Our Strategy Our business, marketing, and sales strategy is structured around: Pursuing selective, strategic, distribution relationships combined with cash positive acquisitions to build immediate revenue streams and increase our Company s network footprint. Utilize the expanded network to offer our Company s service thereby increasing marginal revenues through the low risk offering of wholesale termination and prepaid services through existing distribution channels, retail stores and E-Commerce both domestically and internationally. Pursuing markets within countries where there is a lower concentration of communications services that will result in initial higher pricing and potential for gross profit. Providing low cost, pricing leading VoIP/GSM value added services through our Company s next-generation centralized software platform and network. Partnering and developing joint ventures with incumbent networks or government agencies to penetrate local emerging markets in order to build and operate Intranet Network Infrastructures that would move data over a secured network servicing government buildings and agencies, including police, military, hospitals and schools. Our Intended Network Services Marketing Plan and Product Roll Out for 2023 Satellite radio syndication simulcast with over 25 million domestic U.S. listeners Connected TV partner with over 18 million viewers worldwide. Airline entertainment partnership with over 12 million international viewers. Supported by an international public relations firm. Comprehensive social media marketing campaign involving popular bloggers and podcasters Our sales and marketing approach to our business and consumer customers emphasizes customer-oriented sales, marketing and service. Our marketing plans include marketing our products and services primarily through direct sales representatives, inbound call centers, local retail stores, telemarketing and third parties, including retailers, satellite television providers, door to door sales agents and digital marketing firms. We support our distribution with digital marketing, direct mail, bill inserts, newspaper and television advertising, website promotions, public relations activities and sponsorship of community events and sports venues. Similarly, our sales and marketing approach to our business customers includes a commitment to provide comprehensive communications and IT solutions for business, wholesale and governmental customers of all sizes, ranging from small offices to select enterprise customers. We strive to offer our business customers stable, reliable, secure and trusted solutions. Our marketing plans include marketing our products and services primarily through digital advertising, direct sales representatives, inbound call centers, telemarketing and third parties, including telecommunications agents, system integrators, value-added resellers and other telecommunications firms. We support our distribution through digital advertising, events, television advertising, website promotions and public relations. 18 Table of Contents Marketing Designs We have designed our services and products offered to be: Portable. We offer the ability to access our network from anywhere within our coverage area without being restricted to a specific location. Simple. Our services are easy to install. After connecting our modem to an ATA or computer and a power source, our wireless broadband service is immediately available and requires no software installation. Fast. We offer speeds that typically exceed legacy cellular networks and are competitive with fixed broadband offerings. A Good Value. We generally price our services competitively because our costs to build and operate our network are significantly lower than the networks operated by many of our competitors. With the popularity of social media, people are demanding fast broadband connectivity on an increasingly mobile basis. We believe that our services meet this demand and will market this in our efforts to increase our subscriber growth rate. IST will continue to take advance of the SBA 8(a) contract offerings from the Federal and State governments. They have generated relationships and a history of performance over several years. OUR COMPANY STRENGTHS We believe the following competitive strengths enable us to meet the demand for simple, reliable and portable wireless broadband connectivity: First mover. We are the first company we are aware of to launch a Global Cyber Mobile TV and Social Media Network that incorporates functional feature of the largest Digital Media companies in the world. High barriers to entry. Our issued and pending patents, as well as our proprietary Media platforms and Naked Eye 3D technology trade secrets give us a strong intellectual property position that we believe creates a significant barrier to entry for potential competitors. Broad range of applications for our platform. This allows us to build a deep new product pipeline that creates multiple paths to build a large and profitable business. Multi-billion-dollar addressable market. U.S. digital advertising revenues rose to 26.2 billion in the third quarter of 2018, solidifying 2018 s claim as the highest-spending first three quarters on record, according to the latest IAB Internet Advertising Revenue Report released today by IAB and prepared by PwC US. Digital spend for Q3 2018 estimates increased 20.6 percent over Q3 2017. In total, marketers spent 75.8 billion during 2018 s first three quarters 22 percent more than they had spent during the same period a year ago. https://iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/IAB_Internet-Ad-Revenue-Report-Q3-2018_2019-02-14_FINAL-1.pdf Diverse revenue streams including Digital Media partnerships. We anticipate generating significant revenue from our Digital Media platforms. Our Linear Broadcast partners will play a large part in generating revenues from the sale of mobile and social media advertising. Strong senior leadership team. Our founders and senior leaders have experience in building and operating several companies in our business areas. We have phone, network, content, SaaS, product development, and commercialization experience that has enabled us to establish market leadership positions for the companies where we previously were employed. Differentiated Services. We believe our service is unique because of our combination of our Worldwide Operational Platform, Worldwide Affiliates, Cutting Edge Technology, Portability, Simplicity and Speed to Market with a competitive domestic and International Price Structure. We believe this combination of factors differentiates our subscriber s experience when compared to broadband services provided by DSL, cable modem, wireless third-generation or 3G, networks. Strong Spectrum Position. We use unlicensed and licensed spectrum (in Arizona), which avoids radio frequency interference that hinders competitors using non-licensed spectrum, such as WiFi network operators. Access to spectrum is a fundamental barrier to entry for the delivery of high-quality wireless communications. Through our partnerships, we believe that we have access to the second largest spectrum position in our band within the United States. Advanced, Scalable Technology . Because we intend to design our own software and equipment, we can refine our product development roadmap to meet our subscriber s needs. We believe our NLOS, IP-based Ethernet architecture and compression technology confers competitive advantages since it simplifies both network deployment and customer use while supporting a broad range of potential premium services. Efficient Economic Model. We believe our individual market economic model is characterized by low fixed capital and operating expenditures relative to other wireless and wire line broadband service providers. We believe our individual market model is highly scalable and replicable across our markets. As our capabilities evolve, we expect to generate incremental revenue streams from our subscriber base by developing and offering premium products and services. Experienced Management Team. Stephen J. Thomas, our Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer, has been an active entrepreneur, operator and investor in the industry for more than 17 years in VoIP and wireless communications industry. He previously served as Director of Network Optimization / Validation for WorldxChange, Inc. and CEO and President of New Orbit Communications, Inc., which focused on International Operator Services in United States, Mexico, El Salvador and Guatemala. History of Federal Contracts . IST has over 25 years of experience that has completed over 100 projects in the Federal marketplace for over 15 different federal agencies. IST has been successfully providing design-build construction, demolition, abatement, earthwork, concrete, steel and metal work, masonry, underground utilities, environmental protection, and site restoration services since 2008. IST differentiates itself by offering superior quality results at a competitive price. IST safely delivers projects on time and within budget. IST is committed to maintaining customer satisfaction, trust and integrity by delivering quality products and services conforming to industry best practices and continuous process improvement. 19 Table of Contents FUTURE PLANS Our VuMe Technology Plan We offer VuMe technology for which we plan to expand marketing. We believe SaaS VuMe (VuMe) could become a leading Digital Media Mobile TV technology platform in the business-to-business and business-to-consumer markets. Our proprietary software platform can reach a worldwide audience of approximately one billion mobile viewers. VuMe addresses global mobile distribution of LIVE and Video on Demand VOD content as a white label Software as a Service SaaS ). VuMe OTT live streaming technology is similar to what you see with satellite TV such as Dish Network and DirecTV, as well as cable companies. Almost all currently existing live streaming cannot do live broadcast streaming at this level and usually has anywhere from 1 minute to 10 minute delays or continuous buffering, never loading the video. With VuMe, there is the ability to have worldwide access for a live streaming event equal to standard television broadcasting with tens of millions of simultaneous users. We believe that VuMe is the first technology to be able to achieve this level of live streaming. In emerging countries that do not have fiber, cable and satellite TV, access to VuMe is simple and cost effective, as long as there is a cellular connection on a 3G network or higher (regardless of provider)[1]. VuMe aims to provide uninterrupted live streaming on mobile devices without buffering, crashes, pixilation, or audio and video syncing issues. One practical application of this technology is that a viewer can move from a Wi--Fi connection to a 3G connection without interruption. VuMe has a unique user interface with multi-channel access and built-in social media, and we believe it is unlike anything currently on the market. VuMe also has the capability to do a Live Linear Broadcast with VOD. VuMe s technology has the potential to reduce web content pirating since high quality TV broadcast is now easily accessed worldwide on mobile devices. [1] Subject to the laws and regulations of each country. Currently, we believe we are the only company that does all the above in the industry and we believe VuMe has the potential to expand our technologies and applications even further. The hottest technology in the over the top OTT market and the biggest challenge in the OTT market is Live Linear Channel Broadcasting and Live Event Broadcasting to equal standard television broadcasting on cable and satellite TV. This type of technology is superior to video on demand (VOD) streaming technology in both acquisition and delivery. The growth of OTT video delivery has been significant. In the past year alone, OTT has grown to 35 billion in global revenue, with 17 billion coming from emerging markets source Digital TV Research. VuMe has many technology advantages including: Artificial Intelligence AI the ability to simultaneously access millions of users simultaneously with virtually no latency equivalent to standard television broadcasting; global distribution (without interruption) on cellular and Wi-Fi; and a fully interactive menu user interface and worldwide advertising brokers in place. VuMe s content delivery network CDN can potentially reach tens of millions of mobile devices (tablets and smartphones) and has the potential to scale to one billion video streams globally. It loads content within seconds, not only for Wi-Fi, but also more importantly, on cellular networks that are 3G and higher. VuMe s core technology is fully developed and is able to support clients on a turnkey native mobile app in less than 60 days. We have already achieved major milestones as the world s largest private conduit build out for global deployment of LIVE and VOD streaming content. Our OTT live streaming technology is unique and proprietary. Here are some highlights on how VuMe can help from telecommunication companies to TV station broadcasters to digital film libraries. VuMe has the ability to create a Master Network Mobile App that can allow for a multiple channel build out, each with its own unique Pay Per View charge (optional). This means a company can have a live event channel per country with a different price per user based on the economics of that country. VuMe has unlimited channel build out (e.g. a company could have 50 channels or 1000 channels). Any telecommunications company can have professional looking displays and user interfaces for mobile with VuMe, similar to what the large telecommunications companies provide. A Master Network App also allows a network to expand into other categories by country (e.g. additional sports categories for various sports by country). Expansion can focus on audience aggregation for sports and other forms of entertainment categories. Pay-Per View is an option for these expanded categories as well. We have built-in worldwide ad brokers for pre---roll commercial ads so that revenue can be generated as soon as possible. There is also potential to upsell to existing advertisers and sponsors and it can be brand specific by country. 20 Table of Contents VOICOPS APP Spurned from our VuMe technology, the Company will Beta launch its Gaming Social Media App VOICOPS . VOICOPS as the company s first gaming-focused APP and will offer a REAL-TIME Looking-for-Group (LFG) function providing a speedy way for gamers to group-up live in games and with audio Chat ROOMS . The Gaming Social Media App also allows for unlimited users to join the audience mode to listen-in on the action from each team. VOICOPS features several built-in social media functions for gamers to post articles, videos of game-play, and links to YouTube videos. The initial gaming-focused platform VOICOPS will feature during its Beta launch will be Amazon s highly anticipated Med Evil New World video game. Amazon released its Beta version in 2021 and TPT is planning its VOICOPS Beta launch anticipated to be in 2023. The primary benefit of VOICOPS will be the ease of finding audio or chat GROUP featured LIVE and real-time gaming platforms around the world. The Med Evil New World game currently does not have any features to handle this kind of in-game interaction. Most video game platforms do not offer this level of functionality. VOICOPS users will uniquely be able to open a public or private live audio room and show it in real time by server and LFG Looking For Group, Player VS Player, Dungeons, Questing, etc. The VOICOPS app offers a live news feed where all the users can post articles, YouTube videos, photos about the games they enjoy and be a part of the Med Evil New World Community. YouTube content creators can also post YouTube video links and reach a larger viewing audience that are focused on the game s content. Companies (Guilds) can set up a presence in the company s VOICOPS app and offer recruiting, meetings with live audio, live presentations and plan large attacks on other factions. IST IST will continue to take advance of the SBA 8(a) contract offerings from the Federal and State governments. They have generated relationships and a history of performance over several years. 21 Table of Contents TPT MedTech TPT MedTech was positioned to take advantage of the current trend in Point of Care Testing POCT by aligning itself with the exponential growth of smart devices equipped with mobile healthcare (mH), which was to revolutionize personalized healthcare monitoring and management, thereby paving the way for next-generation POCT. TPT MedTech did not generate significant revenues in 2022 and will take additional capital to open up this revenue stream. Mobile Device Viewer Market Expansion In general, viewers are consuming more content via mobile TV distribution, while rapidly abandoning expensive subscriptions from standard satellite TV and cable networks. The rise of high-quality content on low-cost platforms, such as mobile devices, continues to negatively impact the standard TV industry. The media business is being forced to evolve and adjust to massive disruptions in content distribution methods. Traditional media models are functionally broken and will continue to be disrupted by technology, which is driven by the needs of the younger generation. The future of media is dependent on new technology platforms. These platform models (e.g. smart TV, connected TV boxes, mobile TV devices) are the future of content distribution. Google, through YouTube, has changed the face of video content distribution. Amazon continues to disrupt the book industry. Apple has redefined music and application distribution. And Microsoft is continuing to change the engagement model and distribution of content through its Xbox TV game console. We believe mobile delivery has a growing appeal to advertisers and subscribers. As brands continue to shift budgets to mobile advertising, they must reassess their approach to customer acquisition to ensure they continue to reach potential customers effectively. Digital ad spend grew 12 in 2020 despite hit from pandemic. Source CNBC/IAB The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) said the top 10 companies held a 78.1 share of the revenues in 2020, with overall revenues of that group alone exceeding 109 billion. The top 10 companies accounted for a 75.9 share of revenues in 2018, rising to 76.6 in 2019. The IAB said companies ranked 11th to 25th account for just 6.2 of revenues, while smaller companies make up 15.7 . The IAB stated that spending during the third and fourth quarters of 2020 was up by 11.7 and 28.7 year-over-year, respectively. Social media ad revenues reached 41.5 billion in 2020, the report said, making up nearly 30 of all internet ad revenue. Digital video saw 20.6 year-over-year growth, increasing its share of total internet ad revenue by 1.3 to reach 18.7 . Programmatic ad revenue also increased by 24.9 to reach 14.2 billion in 2020. 22 Table of Contents Content Mining Plan Once our planned SaaS media applications, smart phones and tablets are launched into the domestic and international markets, content analytics or marketing data will be gathered from these devices. The data generated from these applications and devices will give us an advantage insight into our subscribers viewing and buying habits. Once data has been scrubbed of personally identifying information, we plan to be able to create original or lease content from broadcast partners to service what our analytics are telling us to produce (or license), with the intent on moving us closer towards predictive analytics. Predictive analytics is being able to predict what our customer likes based on their viewing habits and then produce that content targeted to our subscriber and then push that new (or licensed) content to them. Lion Smart Phone Product We continue to seek a manufacturer for our Lion Smart Phone. Our Management believes our patent pending Lion smart phone is the first Full HD Naked Eye 3D smart phone ever launched in the United States. Lion Universe s mobile 3D technology is patent pending. It is anticipated that a national and international roll out will occur. TPTW intends to build industry leading personal cellular phones designed for a wide appeal. With a business model built on innovation and progress starting with the Lion Phone technology, we intend to produce high-quality and easy-to-use cellular phones. Our Lion Phone was designed for consumers looking for portable and affordable cutting-edge technology. Our first-generation phones come equipped with full high definition resolution screen for better viewing. We believe this Full HD Naked Eye 3D smart Phone is perfect for watching movies, playing games, even editing photos or videos. Whether that is looking at photos, playing music, emailing or surfing the web, our management believes consumers want more from their phones. We believe our Lion Phone raises the bar for cellular phones. For the first time ever, cellular users can enjoy quality 3D viewing with the naked eyes no glasses required enjoying full high definition video with smooth playback. Our Management believes consumers have been waiting for a way to watch their favorite movies in 3D, with the convenience of their phone and gamers can have the leisure of playing their games without taking head gear with them. Our Lion Universe Technology strives to give customers the best possible experience with our Full HD Naked Eye 3D smart phone in the US and Global markets. We understand the longer we wait the less advantage we might have in our efforts to market this phone as the marketplace moves very quickly. We intend to begin marketing this phone in 2023 as capital is available. Our differentiation from web streaming We are not a website-based video streaming technology. VuMe is strictly a native mobile app focused on video streaming technology for mobile platforms. We are not a dashboard-based video content company where users upload content; we are a complete turnkey SaaS application. A survey released in May 2015, sponsored by Level 3 Communications, stated, Offering both VOD and Live Linear channels will be critical for OTT providers to entice new prospects and gain market share. This trend is a critical one. For existing OTT providers, offering a VOD service may not be enough to maintain, much less grow, market share. The trend towards adding live linear channel content has the potential to become table stakes in the OTT game over the next several years, with both breaking news and live sports content leading the way in terms of interest for OTT service providers adding live linear channels. SaaS White Label We plan to white label our suite of SaaS technologies for yearly licensing and monthly maintenance fees. The prospective user base for the SaaS White Label Suite is extensive as there are more than 200,000 TV broadcasters worldwide alone, and many of them are seeking to migrate to the vast mobile video streaming market space. The sizeable population of potential SaaS clients includes standard television broadcasters in every country, direct marketing companies, low-powered antenna broadcasters (such as universities and churches), IPTV broadcasters, and large content (film and TV) providers that are seeking to further monetize their properties for worldwide syndication. The SaaS suite includes full app development on Apple iOS, Google Android and Roku connected boxes, user interface (menu system), advertising broker network for pre---roll commercial ads (from date of launch), 24/7 LIVE monitoring of inbound and outbound signals, data analytics, seamless updating to all platforms, Amazon web service (AWS) blade servers, and coverage up to the first 20 million streams. The white label product is offered to stand-alone. 23 Table of Contents User Interface In a preprogrammed live linear broadcast application, viewers have free access via a playlist by category and have the ability to catch--up with what they may have missed in the LIVE broadcast, regardless of its original airdate. The video-on-demand (VOD) feature provides the opportunity to access additional viewers and monetize past content. After several years in development, we believe that VuMe has a significant first to market advantage and that no other companies currently have a comparable commercialized offering. Our Plan for Strategic Partnering with Telecommunication Media Companies Currently in the world, viewers usually need to have a contract with a cable provider (e.g. AT T, Cox, Xfinity, Spectrum, or Cablevision in the U.S.) or satellite TV provider (e.g. DirecTV and DISH Network in the U.S.) and be in range of a residential or business Wi-Fi to be able to watch over the top (OTT) content on a connected TV device, website or mobile access. VuMe is capable of offering a nearly unlimited number of channels to mobile users virtually anywhere and everywhere, with global reach, far exceeding two U.S. satellite companies (DirecTV and DISH Network), which have 500+ channels each and are only available in the U.S. We believe VuMe will immediately appeal to any channel that is currently on DirecTV and DISH Network for global mobile linear broadcast participation, simply because these platforms are only available in the U.S. market. VuMe can provide low-powered TV stations (often found in churches and universities), along with high--powered stations, the ability to reach the entire global market. Other potential users are owners of libraries of digitized content, and LIVE event venues such as music concerts, sporting events, festivals, beauty pageants, summer and winter Olympic Games, award shows, red carpet events, trade shows and conventions. Enthusiasts can produce their own show in any area and could launch their own channels for travel, food, spirits, sports, outdoor recreation, retro TV shows, children, cartoons, comedy, drama, reality, education, automobiles, health, corporations, shopping, soap opera, game shows, dating, religion, etc., providing extensive possibilities for media expansion. Content providers will not be limited by the major TV networks and film studios for distribution rights. We have targeted Telecommunication and Media Company Opportunities to offer: Turn key mobile app for telecommunication and media companies for immediate distribution of TV broadcasts on terrestrial, cable and satellite for free or as subscription. Turn key mobile app for free or pay per view live events. Turn key mobile app for digital libraries of content providers. Reseller program with territorial rights. Worldwide analytics on mobile TV content provided to help with target marketing for products and services. Transitions to the automotive industry car play systems. Option to pre---load Master Network App on telecommunication company s mobile devices such as smart phones and tablets. Pre-load the SaaS white label clients on telecommunication company mobile devices. 24 Table of Contents Geo Fencing Available (The ability to offer broadcast territories by region or regional Networks) Our Plan to Act as a Reseller with Territorial Rights Value Added Reseller (VAR) to telecommunication and media companies. Exclusive rights for a country or region for reselling the white label opportunity. Offer to Telecommunication and media companies OTT digital content as a channel or network. Offer 1 to 1000 channels by territory. Approach emerging markets as capital resources permit. Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed more fully in the Risk Factors section of this prospectus immediately following this the summary. Our Corporate Information We are a Florida corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 501 W. Broadway, Suite 800, San Diego, CA 92101, and our telephone number is (619) 400-4996. Our website address is http://www.tptglobaltech.com. Information on or accessed through our website is not incorporated into this prospectus and is not a part of this prospectus. CYBER RISKS Like other large telecommunications companies, we are a constant target of cyber-attacks of varying degrees, which has caused us to spend increasingly more time and money to deal with increasingly sophisticated attacks. Some of the attacks may result in security breaches, and we periodically notify our customers, our employees or the public of these breaches when necessary or appropriate. None of these resulting security breaches to date have materially adversely affected our business, results of operations or financial condition. We rely on several other communications companies to provide services or products for our offerings. We may lease a significant portion of our core fiber network from our competitors and other third parties. Many of these leases will lapse in future years. Our future ability to provide services on the terms of our current offerings will depend in part upon our ability to renew or replace these leases, agreements and arrangements on terms substantially similar to those currently in effect. For additional information regarding our systems, network, cyber risks, capital expenditure requirements and reliance upon third parties, see "Risk Factors." COMPETITION, COMPETITORS, REGULATION AND TAXATION Competition General We compete in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive market, and we expect intense competition to continue. In addition to competition from larger national telecommunications providers, we are facing increasing competition from several other sources, including cable and satellite companies, wireless providers, technology companies, cloud companies, broadband providers, device providers, resellers, sales agents and facilities-based providers using their own networks as well as those leasing parts of our network. Technological advances and regulatory and legislative changes have increased opportunities for a wide range of alternative communications service providers, which in turn have increased competitive pressures on our business. These alternate providers often face fewer regulations and have lower cost structures than we do. In addition, the communications industry has, in recent years, experienced substantial consolidation, and some of our competitors in one or more lines of our business are generally larger, have stronger brand names, have more financial and business resources and have broader service offerings than we currently do. 25 Table of Contents Wireless telephone services are a significant source of competition with our legacy carrier services. It is increasingly common for customers to completely forego use of traditional wireline phone service and instead rely solely on wireless service for voice services. We anticipate this trend will continue, particularly as our older customers are replaced over time with younger customers who are less accustomed to using traditional wireline voice services. Technological and regulatory developments in wireless services, Wi-Fi, and other wired and wireless technologies have contributed to the development of alternatives to traditional landline voice services. Moreover, the growing prevalence of electronic mail, text messaging, social networking and similar digital non-voice communications services continues to reduce the demand for traditional landline voice services. These factors have led to a long-term systemic decline in the number of our wireline voice service customers. The Telecommunications Act of 1996, which obligates carriers to permit competitors to interconnect their facilities to the carrier's network and to take various other steps that are designed to promote competition, imposes several duties on a carrier if it receives a specific request from another entity which seeks to connect with or provide services using the carrier's network. In addition, each carrier is obligated to (i) negotiate interconnection agreements in good faith, (ii) provide nondiscriminatory "unbundled" access to all aspects of the carrier's network, (iii) offer resale of its telecommunications services at wholesale rates and (iv) permit competitors, on terms and conditions (including rates) that are just, reasonable and nondiscriminatory, to collocate their physical plant on the carrier's property, or provide virtual colocation if physical colocation is not practicable. Current FCC rules require carriers to lease a network element only in those situations where competing carriers genuinely would be impaired without access to such network elements, and where the unbundling would not interfere with the development of facilities-based competition. As a result of these regulatory, consumer and technological developments, carriers also face competition from competitive local exchange carriers, or CLECs, particularly in densely populated areas. CLECs provide competing services through reselling a carrier s local services, through use of a carrier's unbundled network elements or through their own facilities. Technological developments have led to the development of new products and services that have reduced the demand for our traditional services, as noted above, or that compete with traditional carrier services. Technological improvements have enabled cable television companies to provide traditional circuit-switched telephone service over their cable networks, and several national cable companies have aggressively marketed these services. Similarly, companies providing VoIP services provide voice communication services over the Internet which compete with our traditional telephone service and our own VoIP services. In addition, demand for our broadband services could be adversely affected by advanced wireless data transmission technologies being deployed by wireless providers and by certain technologies permitting cable companies and other competitors to deliver faster average broadband transmission speeds than ours. Similar to us, many cable, technology or other communications companies that previously offered a limited range of services are now offering diversified bundles of services, either through their own networks, reselling arrangements or joint ventures. As such, a growing number of companies are competing to serve the communications needs of the same customer base. Such activities will continue to place downward pressure on the demand for and pricing of our services. As customers increasingly demand high-speed connections for entertainment, communications and productivity, we expect the demands on our network will continue to increase over the next several years. To succeed, we must continue to invest in our networks or engage partners to ensure that they can deliver competitive services that meet these increasing bandwidth and speed requirements. In addition, network reliability and security are increasingly important competitive factors in our business. Additional information about competitive pressures is located under the heading Risk Factors. Competitors In connection with providing strategic services to our business customers, which includes our small, medium and enterprise business, wholesale and governmental customers, we compete against other telecommunication providers, as well as other regional and national carriers, other data transport providers, cable companies, CLECs and other enterprises, some of whom are substantially larger than us. Competition is based on price, bandwidth, quality and speed of service, promotions and bundled offerings. In providing broadband services, we compete primarily with cable companies, wireless providers, technology companies and other broadband service providers. We face competition in Ethernet based services in the wholesale market from cable companies and fiber-based providers. In regards to our medical division, we compete with other medical testing facilities and other companies developing SaaS technologies to test and monitor medical testing activities. Our competitors for providing integrated data, broadband, voice services and other data and SaaS services to our business customers range from small to mid-sized businesses. Due to the size of some of these companies, our competitors may be able to offer more inexpensive solutions to our customers. To compete, we focus on providing sophisticated, secure and performance-driven services to our business customers through our infrastructure. The number of companies providing business services has grown and increased competition for these services, particularly with respect to smaller business customers. Many of our competitors for strategic services are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as we are and therefore, they are able to avoid significant regulatory costs and obligations. 26 Table of Contents Government Regulation Overview As discussed further below, our operations are subject to significant local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations. We are subject to the significant regulations by the FCC, which regulates interstate communications, and state utility commissions, which regulate intrastate communications. These agencies (i) issue rules to protect consumers and promote competition, (ii) set the rates that telecommunication companies charge each other for exchanging traffic, and (iii) have traditionally developed and administered support programs designed to subsidize the provision of services to high-cost rural areas. In most states, local voice service, switched and special access services and interconnection services are subject to price regulation, although the extent of regulation varies by type of service and geographic region. In addition, we are required to maintain licenses with the FCC and with state utility commissions. Laws and regulations in many states restrict the manner in which a licensed entity can interact with affiliates, transfer assets, issue debt and engage in other business activities. Many acquisitions and divestitures may require approval by the FCC and some state commissions. These agencies typically have the authority to withhold their approval, or to request or impose substantial conditions upon the transacting parties in connection with granting their approvals. The following description discusses some of the major industry regulations that may affect our traditional operations, but numerous other regulations not discussed below could also impact us. Some legislation and regulations are currently the subject of judicial, legislative and administrative proceedings which could substantially change the manner in which the telecommunications industry operates and the amount of revenues we receive for our services. Neither the outcome of these proceedings, nor their potential impact on us, can be predicted at this time. For additional information, see "Risk Factors." The laws and regulations governing our affairs are quite complex and occasionally in conflict with each other. From time to time, we are fined for failing to meet applicable regulations or service requirements. Federal Regulation General We are required to comply with the Communications Act of 1934. Among other things, this law requires our local exchange carriers to offer various of our legacy services at just and reasonable rates and on non-discriminatory terms. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 materially amended the Communications Act of 1934, primarily to promote competition. The FCC regulates interstate services we provide, including the special access charges we bill for wholesale network transmission and the interstate access charges that we bill to long-distance companies and other communications companies in connection with the origination and termination of interstate phone calls. Additionally, the FCC regulates a number of aspects of our business related to privacy, homeland security and network infrastructure, including our access to and use of local telephone numbers and our provision of emergency 911 services. The FCC has responsibility for maintaining and administering support programs designed to expand nationwide access to communications services (which are described further below), as well as other programs supporting service to low-income households, schools and libraries, and rural health care providers. Changes in the composition of the five members of the FCC or its Chairman can have significant impacts on the regulation of our business. In recent years, our operations and those of other telecommunications carriers have been further impacted by legislation and regulation imposing additional obligations on us, particularly with regards to providing voice and broadband service, bolstering homeland security, increasing disaster recovery requirements, minimizing environmental impacts and enhancing privacy. These laws include the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, and laws governing local telephone number portability and customer proprietary network information requirements. In addition, the FCC has heightened its focus on the reliability of emergency 911 services. The FCC has imposed fines on us and other companies for 911 outages and has adopted new compliance requirements for providing 911 service. We are incurring capital and operating expenses designed to comply with the FCC's new requirements and minimize future outages. All of these laws and regulations may cause us to incur additional costs and could impact our ability to compete effectively against companies not subject to the same regulations. Over the past several years, the FCC has taken various actions and initiated certain proceedings designed to comprehensively evaluate the proper regulation of the provisions of data services to businesses. As part of its evaluation, the FCC has reviewed the rates, terms and conditions under which these services are provided. The FCC's proceedings remain pending, and their ultimate impact on us is currently unknown. We are also regulated for our medical services activities. See discussion below. 27 Table of Contents Telephony Services We operate traditional telecommunications services in our Arizona subsidiary, and those services are largely governed under rules established for CLECs under the Communications Act. The Communications Act entitles our CLEC subsidiary to certain rights, but as telecommunications carriers, it also subjects them to regulation by the FCC and the states. Their designation as telecommunications carriers also results in other regulations that may affect them and the services they offer. Interconnection and Intercarrier Compensation The Communications Act requires telecommunications carriers to interconnect directly or indirectly with other telecommunications carriers. Under the FCC's intercarrier compensation rules, we are entitled, in some cases, to compensation from carriers when they use our network to terminate or originate calls and in other cases are required to compensate another carrier for using its network to originate or terminate traffic. The FCC and state regulatory commissions, including those in the states in which we operate, have adopted limits on the amounts of compensation that may be charged for certain types of traffic. As noted above, the FCC has determined that intercarrier compensation for all terminating traffic will be phased down over several years to a "bill-and-keep" regime, with no compensation between carriers for most terminating traffic by 2018 and is considering further reform that could reduce or eliminate compensation for originating traffic as well. Universal Service Our CLEC subsidiary is required to contribute to the Universal Service Fund USF ). The amount of universal service contribution required of us is based on a percentage of revenues earned from interstate and international services provided to end users. We allocate our end user revenues and remit payments to the universal service fund in accordance with FCC rules. The FCC has ruled that states may impose state universal service fees on CLEC telecommunications services. State Regulation Our CLEC subsidiary telecommunications services are subject to regulation by state commissions in each state where we provide services. In order to provide our services, we must seek approval from the state regulatory commission or be registered to provide services in each state where we operate and may at times require local approval to construct facilities. Regulatory obligations vary from state to state and include some or all of the following requirements: filing tariffs (rates, terms and conditions); filing operational, financial, and customer service reports; seeking approval to transfer the assets or capital stock of the broadband communications company; seeking approval to issue stocks, bonds and other forms of indebtedness of the broadband communications company; reporting customer service and quality of service requirements; outage reporting; making contributions to state universal service support programs; paying regulatory and state Telecommunications Relay Service and E911 fees; geographic build-out; and other matters relating to competition. Other Regulations Our CLEC subsidiary telecommunications services are subject to other FCC requirements, including protecting the use and disclosure of customer proprietary network information; meeting certain notice requirements in the event of service termination; compliance with disabilities access requirements; compliance with CALEA standards; outage reporting; and the payment of fees to fund local number portability administration and the North American Numbering Plan. As noted above, the FCC and states are examining whether new requirements are necessary to improve the resiliency of communications networks. Communications with our customers are also subject to FCC, FTC and state regulations on telemarketing and the sending of unsolicited commercial e-mail and fax messages, as well as additional privacy and data security requirements. Broadband Regulatory Classification. Broadband Internet access services were traditionally classified by the FCC as "information services" for regulatory purposes, a type of service that is subject to a lesser degree of regulation than "telecommunications services." In 2015, the FCC reversed this determination and classified broadband Internet access services as "telecommunications services." This reclassification has subjected our broadband Internet access service to greater regulation, although the FCC did not apply all telecommunications service obligations to broadband Internet access service. The 2015 Order could have a material adverse impact on our business as it may justify additional FCC regulation or support efforts by States to justify additional regulation of broadband Internet access services. In December 2017, the FCC adopted an order that in large part reverses the 2015 Order and reestablishes the "information service" classification for broadband Internet access service. The 2017 Order has not yet gone into effect, however, and the 2015 Order will remain binding until the 2017 Order takes effect. The 2017 Order is expected to be subject to legal challenge that may delay its effect or overturn it. 28 Table of Contents Net Neutrality, and Current Status . The 2015 Order also established a new "Open Internet" framework that expanded disclosure requirements on Internet service providers ("ISPs") such as cable companies, prohibited blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization of Internet traffic on the basis of the content, and imposed a "general conduct standard" that prohibits unreasonable interference with the ability of end users and edge providers to reach each other. The FCC's 2017 Order eliminates these rules except for certain disclosure requirements (see the official release summary from the FCC below). Additionally, Congress and some states are considering legislation that may codify "network neutrality" rules. The Federal Communications Commission has made the following official release about the Restoring Internet Freedom Order: "The FCC's Restoring Internet Freedom Order, which took effect on June 11, (2018) provides a framework for protecting an open Internet while paving the way for better, faster and cheaper Internet access for consumers. It replaces unnecessary, heavy-handed regulations that were developed way back in 1934 with strong consumer protections, increased transparency, and common-sense rules that will promote investment and broadband deployment. The FCC's framework for protecting Internet freedom has the following key parts: 1. Consumer Protection The Federal Trade Commission will police and take action against Internet service providers for anticompetitive acts or unfair and deceptive practices. The FTC is the nation's premier consumer protection agency, and until the FCC stripped it of jurisdiction over Internet service providers in 2015, the FTC protected consumers consistently across the Internet economy. 2. Transparency A critical part of Internet openness involves Internet service providers being transparent about their business practices. That's why the FCC has imposed enhanced transparency requirements. Internet service providers must publicly disclose information regarding their network management practices, performance, and commercial terms of service. These disclosures must be made via a publicly available, easily accessible company website or through the FCC's website. This will discourage harmful practices and help regulators target any problematic conduct. These disclosures also support innovation, investment, and competition by ensuring that entrepreneurs and other small businesses have the technical information necessary to create and maintain online content, applications, services, and devices. Internet Service Providers must clearly disclose their network management practices on their own web sites or with the FCC. For more information about these disclosures, you can visit https://www.fcc.gov/isp- disclosures. Removes Unnecessary Regulations to Promote Broadband Investment The Internet wasn't broken in 2015, when the previous FCC imposed 1930s-era regulations (known as "Title II") on Internet service providers. And ironically, these regulations made things worse by limiting investment in high-speed networks and slowing broadband deployment. Under Title II, broadband network investment dropped more than 5.6 -- the first time a decline has happened outside of a recession. The effect was particularly serious for smaller Internet service providers (fixed wireless companies, small-town cable operators, municipal broadband providers, electric cooperatives, and others) that don't have the resources or lawyers to navigate a thicket of complex rules...." The items listed in this internet Order are for carriers such as Century Link, which is our contract internet provider, and we are in compliance with the areas that we are responsible for which are few. We generate the last mile of internet service, but we are actually a reseller of Century Link services as they provide the bandwidth to us. Access for Persons with Disabilities. The FCC's rules require us to ensure that persons with disabilities have access to "advanced communications services" ("ACS"), such as electronic messaging and interoperable video conferencing. They also require that certain pay television programming delivered via Internet Protocol include closed captioning and require entities distributing such programming to end users to pass through such captions and identify programming that should be captioned. Other Regulation. The 2015 Order also subjected broadband providers' Internet traffic exchange rates and practices to potential FCC oversight and created a mechanism for third parties to file complaints regarding these matters. In addition, our provision of Internet services also subjects us to the limitations on use and disclosure of user communications and records contained in the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986. Broadband Internet access service is also subject to other federal and state privacy laws applicable to electronic communications. Additionally, providers of broadband Internet access services must comply with CALEA, which requires providers to make their services and facilities accessible for law enforcement intercept requests. Various other federal and state laws apply to providers of services that are accessible through broadband Internet access service, including copyright laws, telemarketing laws, prohibitions on obscenity, and a ban on unsolicited commercial e-mail, and privacy and data security laws. Online content we provide is also subject to some of these laws. 29 Table of Contents Other forms of regulation of broadband Internet access service currently being considered by the FCC, Congress or state legislatures include consumer protection requirements, cyber security requirements, consumer service standards, requirements to contribute to universal service programs and requirements to protect personally identifiable customer data from theft. Pending and future legislation in this area could adversely affect our operations as an Internet service provider and our relationship with our Internet customers. Additionally, from time to time the FCC and Congress have considered whether to subject broadband Internet access services to the federal Universal Service Fund ("USF") contribution requirements. Any contribution requirements adopted for Internet access services would impose significant new costs on our broadband Internet service. At the same time, the FCC is changing the manner in which Universal Service funds are distributed. By focusing on broadband and wireless deployment, rather than traditional telephone service, the changes could assist some of our competitors in more effectively competing with our service offerings. VoIP Services We provide telephony services using VoIP technology ("interconnected VoIP"). The FCC has adopted several regulations for interconnected VoIP services, as have several states, especially as it relates to core customer and safety issues such as e911, local number portability, disability access, outage reporting, universal service contributions, and regulatory reporting requirements. The FCC has not, however, formally classified interconnected VoIP services as either information services or telecommunications services. In this vacuum, some states have asserted more expansive rights to regulate interconnected VoIP services, while others have adopted laws that bar the state commission from regulating VoIP service. Universal Service. Interconnected VoIP services must contribute to the USF used to subsidize communication services provided to low income households, to customers in rural and high cost areas, and to schools, libraries, and rural health care providers. The amount of universal service contribution required of interconnected VoIP service providers is based on a percentage of revenues earned from interstate and international services provided to end users. We allocate our end user revenues and remit payments to the universal service fund in accordance with FCC rules. The FCC has ruled that states may impose state universal service fees on interconnected VoIP providers. Local Number Portability. The FCC requires interconnected VoIP service providers and their "numbering partners" to ensure that their customers have the ability to port their telephone numbers when changing providers. We also contribute to federal funds to meet the shared costs of local number portability and the costs of North American Numbering Plan Administration. Intercarrier Compensation. In an October 2011 reform order and subsequent clarifying orders, the FCC revised the regime governing payments among providers of telephony services for the exchange of calls between and among different networks ("intercarrier compensation") to, among other things, explicitly include interconnected VoIP. In that Order, the FCC determined that intercarrier compensation for all terminating traffic, including VoIP traffic exchanged in TDM format, will be phased down over several years to a "bill-and-keep" regime, with no compensation between carriers for most terminating traffic by 2018. The FCC is considering further reform in this area, which could reduce or eliminate compensation for originating traffic as well. Other Regulation. Interconnected VoIP service providers are required to provide enhanced 911 emergency services to their customers; protect customer proprietary network information from unauthorized disclosure to third parties; report to the FCC on service outages; comply with telemarketing regulations and other privacy and data security requirements; comply with disabilities access requirements and service discontinuance obligations; comply with call signaling requirements; and comply with CALEA standards. In August 2015, the FCC adopted new rules to improve the resiliency of the communications network. Under the new rules, providers of telephony services, including interconnected VoIP service providers, must make available eight hours of standby backup power for consumers to purchase at the point of sale. The rules also require that providers inform new and current customers about service limitations during power outages and steps that consumers can take to address those risks. Construction Services Division IST works under requirements of the Federal and State governments in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated but such agencies . IST has over 25 years of experience and has completed over 100 projects in the Federal marketplace for over 15 different federal agencies. IST has been successfully providing design-build construction, demolition, abatement, earthwork, concrete, steel and metal work, masonry, underground utilities, environmental protection, and site restoration services since 2008. It is very familiar with the regulations required to work for the Federal government and has been compliant in such over its experience with Federal contracts. 30 Table of Contents Medical Division TPT MedTech was positioned to take advantage of the current trend in Point of Care Testing POCT by aligning itself with the exponential growth of smart devices equipped with mobile healthcare (mH), which was to revolutionize personalized healthcare monitoring and management, thereby paving the way for next-generation POCT. TPT MedTech did not generate significant revenues in 2022 and will take additional capital to open up this revenue stream. For additional information about these matters, see Risk Factors. LICENSES Arizona CLEC license in Phoenix area. License #20090393 which expires 2023 and is renewable every seven years. TITLE TO PROPERTIES None. BACKLOG OF ORDERS We currently have backlogs of orders for sales, at this time. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS We have minimal government contracts through IST. COMPANY SPONSORED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We are not conducting any research. NUMBER OF PERSONS EMPLOYED We have approximately 40 employees who work approximately 45 hours per week. All officers work approximately 60 hours per week. Directors work as needed. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES/ASSETS (a) Real Estate. None. (b) Title to properties. None. (c) Patents, Trade Names, Trademarks and Copyrights See below. Our executive offices are located in San Diego, California. We do not own any real property, but lease and office space consisting of approximately 5,000 sq. ft. among all of our corporate and subsidiary locations. We believe that substantially all of our property and equipment is in good condition, subject to normal wear and tear, and that our facilities have sufficient capacity to meet the current needs of our business. PATENTS, TRADE NAMES, TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS Either directly or through our subsidiaries, we have rights in various patents, trade names, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property necessary to conduct our business. Our services often use the intellectual property of others, including licensed software. We also occasionally license our intellectual property to others as we deem appropriate. 31 Table of Contents We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices, or are named in lawsuits, alleging that our products or services infringe on patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. In certain instances, these matters can potentially adversely impact our operations, operating results or financial position. For additional information, see Risk Factors . ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS THIS DOCUMENT INCLUDES FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, STATEMENTS RELATING TO TPT GLOBAL S PLANS, STRATEGIES, OBJECTIVES, EXPECTATIONS, INTENTIONS AND ADEQUACY OF RESOURCES. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES, AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR COMPANY S ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE FACTORS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, THE FOLLOWING: OUR ABILITY OF TO IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY; ABILITY TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING; TPT GLOBAL S LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY; UNKNOWN LIABILITIES ASSOCIATED WITH FUTURE ACQUISITIONS; ABILITY TO MANAGE GROWTH; SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION; ABILITY TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN TALENTED EMPLOYEES; AND FUTURE GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS; AND OTHER FACTORS DESCRIBED IN THIS FILING OR IN OTHER OF TPT GLOBAL S FILINGS WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. TPT GLOBAL IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION, FUTURE EVENTS OR OTHERWISE. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Many of our competitors are better established and have resources significantly greater than we have, which may make it difficult to attract and retain subscribers. We will compete with other providers of telephony service, many of which have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships in the industry. In addition, a number of these competitors may combine or form strategic partnerships. As a result, our competitors may be able to offer, or bring to market earlier, products and services that are superior to our own in terms of features, quality, pricing or other factors. Our failure to compete successfully with any of these companies would have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of our common stock. The market for broadband and VoIP services is highly competitive, and we compete with several other companies within a single market: cable operators offering high-speed Internet connectivity services and voice communications; incumbent and competitive local exchange carriers providing DSL services over their existing wide, metropolitan and local area networks; 3G cellular, PCS and other wireless providers offering wireless broadband services and capabilities, including developments in existing cellular and PCS technology that may increase network speeds or have other advantages over our services; internet service providers offering dial-up Internet connectivity; municipalities and other entities operating free or subsidized WiFi networks; providers of VoIP telephony services; wireless Internet service providers using licensed or unlicensed spectrum; satellite and fixed wireless service providers offering or developing broadband Internet connectivity and VoIP telephony; electric utilities and other providers offering or planning to offer broadband Internet connectivity over power lines; and resellers providing wireless Internet service by piggy-backing on DSL or WiFi networks operated by others. Moreover, we expect other existing and prospective competitors, particularly if our services are successful; to adopt technologies or business plans similar to ours or seek other means to develop a product competitive with our services. Many of our competitors are well-established and have larger and better developed networks and systems, longer-standing relationships with customers and suppliers, greater name recognition and greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we have. These competitors can often subsidize competing services with revenues from other sources, such as advertising, and thus may offer their products and services at lower prices than ours. These or other competitors may also reduce the prices of their services significantly or may offer broadband connectivity packaged with other products or services. We may not be able to reduce our prices or otherwise alter our services correspondingly, which would make it more difficult to attract and retain subscribers. 32 Table of Contents Our Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution and distractions from our core business. We have evaluated, and expect to continue to evaluate, potential strategic transactions, including larger acquisitions. The process of acquiring and integrating a company, business or technology is risky, may require a disproportionate amount of our management or financial resources and may create unforeseen operating difficulties or expenditures, including: difficulties in integrating acquired technologies and operations into our business while maintaining uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; increasing cost and complexity of assuring the implementation and maintenance of adequate internal control and disclosure controls and procedures, and of obtaining the reports and attestations that are required of a company filing reports under the Securities Exchange Act; difficulties in consolidating and preparing our financial statements due to poor accounting records, weak financial controls and, in some cases, procedures at acquired entities based on accounting principles not generally accepted in the United States, particularly those entities in which we lack control; and the inability to predict or anticipate market developments and capital commitments relating to the acquired company, business or technology. Acquisitions of and joint ventures with companies organized outside the United States often involve additional risks, including: difficulties, as a result of distance, language or culture differences, in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; lack of control over our joint ventures and other business relationships; currency exchange rate fluctuations; longer payment cycles; credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; foreign exchange controls that might limit our control over, or prevent us from repatriating, cash generated outside the United States; potentially adverse tax consequences; expropriation or nationalization of assets; differences in regulatory requirements that may make it difficult to offer all of our services; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; trade barriers and import and export restrictions; and political or social unrest and economic instability. The anticipated benefit of any of our acquisitions or investments may never materialize. Future investments, acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Future investments and acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. Our substantial indebtedness and our current default status and any restrictive debt covenants could limit our financing options and liquidity position and may limit our ability to grow our business. Our indebtedness could have important consequences to the holders of our common stock, such as: we may not be able to obtain additional financing to fund working capital, operating losses, capital expenditures or acquisitions on terms acceptable to us or at all; we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all; if substantial indebtedness continues it could make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures; and cash flows from operations are currently negative and may continue to be so, and our remaining cash, if any, may be insufficient to operate our business. paying dividends to our stockholders; incurring, or cause certain of our subsidiaries to incur, additional indebtedness; permitting liens on or conduct sales of any assets pledged as collateral; selling all or substantially all of our assets or consolidate or merge with or into other companies; repaying existing indebtedness; and engaging in transactions with affiliates. 33 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022, the total debt or financing arrangements was 9,791,778, of which approximately 7,000,747 or 22.0 of total current liabilities is past due. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had financing lease liability-related amounts of 710,776. Our inability to renegotiate our indebtedness may cause lien holders to obtain possession of a good portion of our assets which would significantly alter our ability to generate revenues and obtain any additional financing. We may experience difficulties in constructing, upgrading and maintaining our network, which could adversely affect customer satisfaction, increase subscriber turnover and reduce our revenues. Our success depends on developing and providing products and services that give subscribers a high-quality internet connectivity and VoIP experience. If the number of subscribers using our network and the complexity of our products and services increase, we will require more infrastructure and network resources to maintain the quality of our services. Consequently, we expect to make substantial investments to construct and improve our facilities and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure. If we do not implement these developments successfully, or if we experience inefficiencies, operational failures or unforeseen costs during implementation, the quality of our products and services could decline. We may experience quality deficiencies, cost overruns and delays on construction, maintenance and upgrade projects, including the portions of those projects not within our control or the control of our contractors. The construction of our network requires the receipt of permits and approvals from numerous governmental bodies, including municipalities and zoning boards. Such bodies often limit the expansion of transmission towers and other construction necessary for our business. Failure to receive approvals in a timely fashion can delay system rollouts and raise the cost of completing construction projects. In addition, we typically are required to obtain rights from land, building and tower owners to install our antennas and other equipment to provide service to our subscribers. We may not be able to obtain, on terms acceptable to us, or at all, the rights necessary to construct our network and expand our services. We also face challenges in managing and operating our network. These challenges include operating, maintaining and upgrading network and customer premises equipment to accommodate increased traffic or technological advances, and managing the sales, advertising, customer support, billing and collection functions of our business while providing reliable network service at expected speeds and VoIP telephony at expected levels of quality. Our failure in any of these areas could adversely affect customer satisfaction, increase subscriber turnover, increase our costs, decrease our revenues and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not obtain and maintain rights to use licensed spectrum in one or more markets, we may be unable to operate in these markets, which could adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy. Even though we have established license agreements, growth requires that we plan to provide our services obtaining additional licensed spectrum both in the United States and internationally, we depend on our ability to acquire and maintain sufficient rights to use licensed spectrum by obtaining our own licenses or long-term spectrum leases, in each of the markets in which we operate or intend to operate. Licensing is the short-term solution to obtaining the necessary spectrum as building out spectrum is a long and difficult process that can be costly and require a disproportionate amount of our management resources. We may not be able to acquire, lease or maintain the spectrum necessary to execute our business strategy. Using licensed spectrum, whether owned or leased, poses additional risks to us, including: inability to satisfy build-out or service deployment requirements upon which our spectrum licenses or leases are, or may be, conditioned; increases in spectrum acquisition costs; adverse changes to regulations governing our spectrum rights; the risk that spectrum we have acquired or leased will not be commercially usable or free of harmful interference from licensed or unlicensed operators in our or adjacent bands; with respect to spectrum we will lease in the United States, contractual disputes with or the bankruptcy or other reorganization of the license holders, which could adversely affect our control over the spectrum subject to such license; failure of the FCC or other regulators to renew our spectrum licenses as they expire; and invalidation of our authorization to use all or a significant portion of our spectrum, resulting in, among other things, impairment charges related to assets recorded for such spectrum. 34 Table of Contents If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our business and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business, brand and reputation with investors may be harmed. In addition, reporting a material weakness may negatively impact investors perception of us. We have allocated, and will continue to allocate, significant additional resources to remedy any deficiencies in our internal control. There can be no assurances that our remedial measures will be successful in curing the any material weakness or that other significant deficiencies or material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impair our ability to provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. We have experienced service interruptions in some markets in the past and may experience service interruptions or system failures in the future. Any unscheduled service interruption adversely affects our ability to operate our business and could result in an immediate loss of revenues. If we experience frequent or persistent system or network failures, our reputation and brand could be permanently harmed. We may make significant capital expenditures to increase the reliability of our systems, but these capital expenditures may not achieve the results we expect. Our products and services depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Any damage to or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our service. Interruptions in our service could reduce our revenues and profits, and our brand could be damaged if people believe our network is unreliable. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm our systems, and similar events. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be adequate. The occurrence of a natural disaster or unanticipated problems at our network centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service and adversely affect our operating results. The industries in which we operate are continually evolving, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and increases the risk of your investment. Our products and services may become obsolete, and we may not be able to develop competitive products or services on a timely basis or at all. The markets in which we and our customers compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and communications protocols, and continuous improvements in products and services. Our future success depends on our ability to enhance current products and to develop and introduce in a timely manner new products that keep pace with technological developments, industry standards and communications protocols, compete effectively on the basis of price, performance and quality, adequately address end-user customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. There can be no assurance that the deployment of wireless networks will not be delayed or that our products will achieve widespread market acceptance or be capable of providing service at competitive prices in sufficient volumes. In the event that our products are not timely and economically developed or do not gain widespread market acceptance, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially adversely affected. There can also be no assurance that our products will not be rendered obsolete by the introduction and acceptance of new communications protocols. The broadband services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, competitive pricing, frequent new service introductions and evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements. We believe that our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to these challenges and to offer competitive services on a timely basis. We face a number of difficulties and uncertainties associated with our reliance on technological development, such as: competition from service providers using more traditional and commercially proven means to deliver similar or alternative services; competition from new service providers using more efficient, less expensive technologies, including products not yet invented or developed; uncertain consumer acceptance; realizing economies of scale; responding successfully to advances in competing technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner; migration toward standards-based technology, requiring substantial capital expenditures; and existing, proposed or undeveloped technologies that may render our wireless broadband and VoIP telephony services less profitable or obsolete. 35 Table of Contents As the products and services offered by us and our competitors develop, businesses and consumers may not accept our services as a commercially viable alternative to other means of delivering wireless broadband and VoIP telephony services. If we are unable to successfully develop and market additional services and/or new generations of our services offerings or market our services and product offerings to a broad number of customers, we may not remain competitive. Our future success and our ability to increase net revenue and earnings depend, in part, on our ability to develop and market new additional services and/or new generations of our current services offerings and market our existing services offerings to a broad number of customers. However, we may not be able to, among other things: successfully develop or market new services or product offerings or enhance existing services offerings; educate third-party sales organizations adequately for them to promote and sell our services offerings; develop, market and distribute existing and future services offerings in a cost-effective manner; or operate the facilities needed to provide our services offerings. If we fail to develop new service offerings, or if we incur unexpected expenses or delays in product development or integration, we may lose our competitive position and incur substantial additional expenses or may be required to curtail or terminate all or part of our present planned business operations. Our failure to do any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if any of our current or future services offerings contain undetected errors or design defects or do not work as expected for our customers, our ability to market these services offerings could be substantially impeded, resulting in lost sales, potential reputation damage and delays in obtaining market acceptance of these services offerings. We cannot assure you that we will continue to successfully develop and market new or enhanced applications for our services offerings. If we do not continue to expand our services offerings portfolio on a timely basis or if those products and applications do not receive market acceptance, become regulatory restricted, or become obsolete, we will not grow our business as currently expected. We operate in a very competitive environment. There are three types of competitors for our service offerings. (1) The value-added resellers and other vendors of hardware and software for on-site installation do not typically have an offering similar to our cloud-based services. However, they are the primary historic service suppliers to our targeted customers and will actively work to defend their customer base. (2) There are a number of providers offering services, but they typically offer only one or two applications of their choosing instead of our offering which bundles customer s chosen services. (3) There are a few providers that offer more than two applications from the cloud. However currently, these providers typically offer only those applications they have chosen. Our industry is characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances and new services offerings. Certain competitors have substantially greater capital resources, larger customer bases, larger sales forces, greater marketing and management resources, larger research and development staffs and larger facilities than our and have more established reputations with our target customers, as well as distribution channels that are entrenched and may be more effective than ours. Competitors may develop and offer technologies and products that are more effective, have better features, are easier to use, are less expensive and/or are more readily accepted by the marketplace than our offerings. Their products could make our technology and service offerings obsolete or noncompetitive. Competitors may also be able to achieve more efficient operations and distribution than ours may be able to and may offer lower prices than we could offer profitably. We may decide to alter or discontinue aspects of our business and may adopt different strategies due to business or competitive factors or factors currently unforeseen, such as the introduction by competitors of new products or services technologies that would make part or all of our service offerings obsolete or uncompetitive. 36 Table of Contents In addition, the industry could experience some consolidation. There is also a risk that larger companies will enter our markets. If we fail to maintain effective relationships with our major vendors, our services offerings and profitability could suffer. We use third party providers for services. In addition, we purchase hardware, software and services from external suppliers. Accordingly, we must maintain effective relationships with our vendor base to source our needs, maintain continuity of supply, and achieve reasonable costs. If we fail to maintain effective relationships with our vendor base, this may adversely affect our ability to deliver the best products and services to our customers and our profitability could suffer. Any failure of the physical or electronic security that resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to customer data could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We use commercial data networks to service customers cloud based services and the associated customer data. Any data is subject to the risk of physical or electronic intrusion by unauthorized parties. We have multi-homed firewalls and Intrusion Detection / Prevention systems to protect against electronic intrusion and two physical security levels in our networks. Our policy is to close all external ports as a default. Robust anti-virus software runs on all client servers. Systems have automated monitoring and alerting for unusual activity. We also have a Security Officer who monitors these systems. We have better security systems and expertise than our clients can afford separately but any failure of these systems could adversely affect our business growth and financial condition. Demand for our service offerings may decrease if new government regulations substantially increase costs, limit delivery or change the use of Internet access and other products on which our service offerings depend. We are dependent on Internet access to deliver our service offerings. If new regulations are imposed that limit the use of the Internet or impose significant taxes on services delivered via the Internet it could change our cost structure and/or affect our business model. The significant changes in regulatory costs or new limitations on Internet use could impact our ability to operate as we anticipate, could damage our reputation with our customers, disrupt our business or result in, among other things, decreased net revenue and increased overhead costs. As a result, any such failure could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our securities, as offered hereby, are highly speculative and should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose their entire investment in us. Each prospective investor should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as all other information set forth elsewhere in this prospectus, before purchasing any of the shares of our common stock. Increasing regulation of our Internet-based products and services could adversely affect our ability to provide new products and services. On February 26, 2015, the FCC adopted a new "network neutrality" or Open Internet order (the "2015 Order") that: (1) reclassified broadband Internet access service as a Title II common carrier service, (2) applied certain existing Title II provisions and associated regulations; (3) forbore from applying a range of other existing Title II provisions and associated regulations, but to varying degrees indicated that this forbearance may be only temporary and (4) issued new rules expanding disclosure requirements and prohibiting blocking, throttling, paid prioritization and unreasonable interference with the ability of end users and edge providers to reach each other. The 2015 Order also subjected broadband providers' Internet traffic exchange rates and practices to potential FCC oversight and created a mechanism for third parties to file complaints regarding these matters. The 2015 Order could limit our ability to efficiently manage our cable systems and respond to operational and competitive challenges. In December 2017, the FCC adopted an order (the "2017 Order") that in large part reverses the 2015 Order. The 2017 Order has not yet gone into effect, however, and the 2015 Order will remain binding until the 2017 Order takes effect. The 2017 Order is expected to be subject to legal challenge that may delay its effect or overturn it. Additionally, Congress and some states are considering legislation that may codify "network neutrality" rules. 37 Table of Contents Offering telephone services may subject us to additional regulatory burdens, causing us to incur additional costs. We offer telephone services over our broadband network and continue to develop and deploy interconnected VoIP services. The FCC has ruled that competitive telephone companies that support VoIP services, such as those that we offer to our customers, are entitled to interconnect with incumbent providers of traditional telecommunications services, which ensures that our VoIP services can operate in the market. However, the scope of these interconnection rights are being reviewed in a current FCC proceeding, which may affect our ability to compete in the provision of telephony services or result in additional costs. It remains unclear precisely to what extent federal and state regulators will subject VoIP services to traditional telephone service regulation. Expanding our offering of these services may require us to obtain certain authorizations, including federal and state licenses. We may not be able to obtain such authorizations in a timely manner, or conditions could be imposed upon such licenses or authorizations that may not be favorable to us. The FCC has already extended certain traditional telecommunications requirements, such as E911 capabilities, Universal Service Fund contribution, Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ("CALEA"), measures to protect Customer Proprietary Network Information, customer privacy, disability access, number porting, battery back-up, network outage reporting, rural call completion reporting and other regulatory requirements to many VoIP providers such as us. If additional telecommunications regulations are applied to our VoIP service, it could cause us to incur additional costs and may otherwise materially adversely impact our operations. In 2011, the FCC released an order significantly changing the rules governing intercarrier compensation for the origination and termination of telephone traffic between interconnected carriers. These rules have resulted in a substantial decrease in interstate compensation payments over a multi-year period. The FCC is currently considering additional reforms that could further reduce interstate compensation payments. Further, although the FCC recently declined to impose additional regulatory burdens on certain point to point transport ("special access") services provided by cable companies, that FCC decision has been appealed by multiple parties. If those appeals are successfully, there could be additional regulatory burdens and additional costs placed on these services. We may engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions and the integration of such acquisitions and other strategic transactions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business has grown significantly as a result of acquisitions, including the Acquisitions, which entail numerous risks including: distraction of our management team in identifying potential acquisition targets, conducting due diligence and negotiating acquisition agreements; difficulties in integrating the operations, personnel, products, technologies and systems of acquired businesses; difficulties in enhancing our customer support resources to adequately service our existing customers and the customers of acquired businesses; the potential loss of key employees or customers of the acquired businesses; unanticipated liabilities or contingencies of acquired businesses; unbudgeted costs which we may incur in connection with pursuing potential acquisitions which are not consummated; failure to achieve projected cost savings or cash flow from acquired businesses, which are based on projections that are inherently uncertain; fluctuations in our operating results caused by incurring considerable expenses to acquire and integrate businesses before receiving the anticipated revenues expected to result from the acquisitions; and difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals required to consummate acquisitions. We also participate in competitive bidding processes, some of which may involve significant cable systems. If we are the winning bidder in any such process involving significant cable systems or we otherwise engage in acquisitions or other strategic transactions in the future, we may incur additional debt, contingent liabilities and amortization expenses, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could also issue substantial additional equity which could dilute existing stockholders. If our acquisitions do not result in the anticipated operating efficiencies, are not effectively integrated, or result in costs which exceed our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Significant unanticipated increases in the use of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services could increase our costs. The rising popularity of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services poses risks for our broadband services. Examples of such services include peer-to-peer file sharing services, gaming services and the delivery of video via streaming technology and by download. If heavy usage of bandwidth-intensive broadband services grows beyond our current expectations, we may need to incur more expenses than currently anticipated to expand the bandwidth capacity of our systems or our customers could have a suboptimal experience when using our broadband service. In order to continue to provide quality service at attractive prices, we need the continued flexibility to develop and refine business models that respond to changing consumer uses and demands and to manage bandwidth usage efficiently. Our ability to undertake such actions could be restricted by regulatory and legislative efforts to impose so-called "net neutrality" requirements on broadband communication providers like us that provide broadband services. For more information, see "Regulation Broadband." 38 Table of Contents We operate in a highly competitive business environment which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven industry and we compete against a variety of broadband, pay television and telephony providers and delivery systems, including broadband communications companies, wireless data and telephony providers, satellite-delivered video signals, Internet-delivered video content and broadcast television signals available to residential and business customers in our service areas. Some of our competitors include AT T and its DirecTV subsidiary, CenturyLink, DISH Network, Frontier and Verizon. In addition, our pay television services compete with all other sources of leisure, news, information and entertainment, including movies, sporting or other live events, radio broadcasts, home-video services, console games, print media and the Internet. In some instances, our competitors have fewer regulatory burdens, easier access to financing, greater resources, greater operating capabilities and efficiencies of scale, stronger brand-name recognition, longstanding relationships with regulatory authorities and customers, more subscribers, more flexibility to offer promotional packages at prices lower than ours and greater access to programming or other services. This competition creates pressure on our pricing and has adversely affected, and may continue to affect, our ability to add and retain customers, which in turn adversely affects our business, financial condition and results of operations. The effects of competition may also adversely affect our liquidity and ability to service our debt. For example, we face intense competition from Verizon and AT T, which have network infrastructure throughout our service areas. We estimate that competitors are currently able to sell a fiber-based triple play, including broadband, pay television and telephony services, and may expand these and other service offerings to our potential customers. Our competitive risks are heightened by the rapid technological change inherent in our business, evolving consumer preferences and the need to acquire, develop and adopt new technology to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors, and to meet consumer demand. We may need to anticipate far in advance which technology we should use for the development of new products and services or the enhancement of existing products and services. The failure to accurately anticipate such changes may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Consolidation and cooperation in our industry may allow our competitors to acquire service capabilities or offer products that are not available to us or offer similar products and services at prices lower than ours. For example, Comcast and Charter Communications have agreed to jointly explore operational efficiencies to speed their respective entries into the wireless market, including in the areas of creating common operating platforms and emerging wireless technology platforms. In addition, changes in the regulatory and legislative environments may result in changes to the competitive landscape. In addition, certain of our competitors own directly or are affiliated with companies that own programming content or have exclusive arrangements with content providers that may enable them to obtain lower programming costs or offer exclusive programming that may be attractive to prospective subscribers. For example, DirecTV has exclusive arrangements with the National Football League that give it access to programming we cannot offer. AT T also has an agreement to acquire Time Warner, which owns a number of cable networks, including TBS, CNN and HBO, as well as Warner Bros. Entertainment, which produces television, film and home-video content. AT T's and DirecTV's potential access to Time Warner programming could allow AT T and DirecTV to offer competitive and promotional packages that could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our existing customers and revenues. DBS operators such as DISH Network and DirecTV also have marketing arrangements with certain phone companies in which the DBS provider's pay television services are sold together with the phone company's broadband and mobile and traditional phone services. Most broadband communications companies, which already have wired networks, an existing customer base and other operational functions in place (such as billing and service personnel), offer DSL services. We believe DSL service competes with our broadband service and is often offered at prices lower than our Internet services. However, DSL is often offered at speeds lower than the speeds we offer. In addition, DSL providers may currently be in a better position to offer Internet services to businesses since their networks tend to be more complete in commercial areas. They may also increasingly have the ability to combine video services with telephone and Internet services offered to their customers, particularly as broadband communications companies enter into co-marketing agreements with other service providers. In addition, current and future fixed and wireless Internet services, such as 3G, 4G and 5G fixed and wireless broadband services and Wi-Fi networks, and devices such as wireless data cards, tablets and smartphones, and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our broadband services. Our telephony services compete directly with established broadband communications companies and other carriers, including wireless providers, as increasing numbers of homes are replacing their traditional telephone service with wireless telephone service. We also compete against VoIP providers like Vonage, Skype, GoogleTalk, Facetime, WhatsApp and magicJack that do not own networks but can provide service to any person with a broadband connection, in some cases free of charge. In addition, we compete against ILECs, other CLECs and long-distance voice-service companies for large commercial and enterprise customers. While we compete with the ILECs, we also enter into interconnection agreements with ILECs so that our customers can make and receive calls to and from customers served by the ILECs and other telecommunications providers. Federal and state law and regulations require ILECs to enter into such agreements and provide facilities and services necessary for connection, at prices subject to regulation. The specific price, terms and conditions of each agreement, however, depend on the outcome of negotiations between us and each ILEC. Interconnection agreements are also subject to approval by the state regulatory commissions, which may arbitrate negotiation impasses. These agreements, like all interconnection agreements, are for limited terms and upon expiration are subject to renegotiation, potential arbitration and approval under the laws in effect at that time. We also face competition for our advertising sales from traditional and non-traditional media outlets, including television and radio stations, traditional print media and the Internet. 39 Table of Contents We face significant risks as a result of rapid changes in technology, consumer expectations and behavior. The broadband communications industry has undergone significant technological development over time and these changes continue to affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such changes have had, and will continue to have, a profound impact on consumer expectations and behavior. Our video business faces technological change risks as a result of the continuing development of new and changing methods for delivery of programming content such as Internet-based delivery of movies, shows and other content which can be viewed on televisions, wireless devices and other developing mobile devices. Consumers' video consumption patterns are also evolving, for example, with more content being downloaded for time-shifted consumption. A proliferation of delivery systems for video content can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers and the demand for our services and it can also decrease advertising demand on our delivery systems. Our broadband business faces technological challenges from rapidly evolving wireless Internet solutions. Our telephony service offerings face technological developments in the proliferation of telephony delivery systems including those based on Internet and wireless delivery. If we do not develop or acquire and successfully implement new technologies, we will limit our ability to compete effectively for subscribers, content and advertising. We cannot provide any assurance that we will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits we expect from the introduction of new technologies, or that any new technologies will be rolled out across our footprint in the timeframe we anticipate. In addition, we may be required to make material capital and other investments to anticipate and to keep up with technological change. These challenges could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our revenues and growth may be constrained due to demand exceeding capacity of our systems or our inability to develop solutions. We anticipate generating revenues in the future from broadband connectivity, other Internet services, broadband and in the cloud services. Demand and market acceptance for these recently introduced services and products delivered over the Internet is uncertain. Critical issues concerning the use of the Internet, such as ease of access, security, reliability, cost and quality of service, exist and may affect the growth of Internet use or the attractiveness of conducting commerce online. In addition, the Internet and online services may not be accepted as viable for a number of reasons, including potentially inadequate development of the necessary network infrastructure or delayed development of enabling technologies and performance improvements. To the extent that the Internet and online services continue to experience significant growth, there can be no assurance that the infrastructure of the Internet and online services will prove adequate to support increased user demands. In addition, the Internet or online services could lose their viability due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols required to handle increased levels of Internet or online service activity. Changes in, or insufficient availability of, telecommunications services to support the Internet or online services also could result in slower response times and adversely affect usage of the Internet and online services generally and us in particular. If use of the Internet and online services does not continue to grow or grows more slowly than expected, if the infrastructure for the Internet and online services does not effectively support growth that may occur, or if the Internet and online services do not become a viable commercial marketplace, our business could be adversely affected. Certain aspects of our VoIP telephony services differ from traditional telephone service. The factors that may have this effect include: our subscribers may experience lower call quality than they experience with traditional wireline telephone companies, including static, echoes and transmission delays; our subscribers may experience higher dropped-call rates than they experience with traditional wireline telephone companies; and a power loss or Internet access interruption causes our service to be interrupted. Additionally, our VoIP emergency calling service is significantly more limited than the emergency calling services offered by traditional telephone companies. Our VoIP emergency calling service can only transmit to a dispatcher at a public safety answering point, or PSAP, the location information that the subscriber has registered with us, which may at times be different from the actual location at the time of the call. As a result, our emergency calling systems may not assure that the appropriate PSAP is reached and may cause significant delays, or even failures, in callers receipt of emergency assistance. Our failure to develop or operate an adequate emergency calling service could subject us to substantial liabilities and may result in delays in subscriber adoption of our VoIP telephony services or all of our services, abandonment of our services by subscribers, and litigation costs, damage awards and negative publicity, any of which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. If our subscribers do not accept the differences between our VoIP telephony services and traditional telephone service, they may not adopt or keep our VoIP telephony services or our other services, or may choose to retain or return to service provided by traditional telephone companies. Because VoIP telephony services represent an important aspect of our business strategy, failure to achieve subscribers acceptance of our VoIP telephony services may adversely affect our prospects, results of operations and the trading price of our shares. 40 Table of Contents We rely on contract manufacturers and a limited number of third-party suppliers to produce our network equipment and to maintain our network sites. If these companies fail to perform, we may have a shortage of components and may be required to suspend our network deployment and our product and service introduction . We depend on contract manufacturers to produce and deliver acceptable, high quality products on a timely basis. We also depend on a limited number of third parties to maintain our network facilities. If our contract manufacturer or other providers do not satisfy our requirements, or if we lose our contract manufacturers or any other significant provider, we may have an insufficient network service for delivery to subscribers, we may be forced to suspend portions of our wireless broadband network, enrollment of new subscribers, and product sales and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. We rely on highly skilled executives and other personnel. If we cannot retain and motivate key personnel, we may be unable to implement our business strategy . We will be highly dependent on the scientific, technical, and managerial skills of certain key employees, including technical, research and development, sales, marketing, financial and executive personnel, and on our ability to identify, hire and retain additional personnel. To accommodate our current size and manage our anticipated growth, we must expand our employee base. Competition for key personnel, particularly persons having technical expertise, is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain existing personnel or to identify or hire additional personnel. The need for such personnel is particularly important given the strains on our existing infrastructure and the need to anticipate the demands of future growth. In particular, we are highly dependent on the continued services of our senior management team, which currently is composed of a small number of individuals. We do not maintain key-man life insurance on the life of any employee. The inability of us to attract, hire or retain the necessary technical, sales, marketing, financial and executive personnel, or the loss of the services of any member of our senior management team, could have a material adverse effect on us. Our future success depends largely on the expertise and reputation of our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Stephen J. Thomas, Richard Eberhardt, and the other members of our senior management team. In addition, we intend to hire additional highly skilled individuals to staff our operations. Loss of any of our key personnel or the inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals could adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy and operate our business. We are currently managed by a small number of key management and operating personnel. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Failure to do so likely would have an adverse impact on our business and the trading price of our common stock. If our data security measures are breached, subscribers may perceive our network and services as not secure . Our network security and the authentication of the subscriber s credentials are designed to protect unauthorized access to data on our network. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or to sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate or implement adequate preventive measures against unauthorized access or sabotage. Consequently, unauthorized parties may overcome our encryption and security systems and obtain access to data on our network, including on a device connected to our network. In addition, because we operate and control our network and our subscribers Internet connectivity, unauthorized access or sabotage of our network could result in damage to our network and to the computers or other devices used by our subscribers. An actual or perceived breach of network security, regardless of whether the breach is our fault, could harm public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures, adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers, expose us to significant liability and adversely affect our business prospects. Our activities outside the United States could disrupt our operations . We intend to invest in various international companies and spectrum opportunities through acquisitions and strategic alliances as these opportunities arise. Our activities outside the United States operate in environments different from the one we face in the United States, particularly with respect to competition and regulation. Due to these differences, our activities outside the United States may require a disproportionate amount of our management and financial resources, which could disrupt our U.S. operations and adversely affect our business. In a number of international markets, we face substantial competition from local service providers that offer or may offer their own wireless broadband or VoIP telephony services and from other companies that provide Internet connectivity services. We may face heightened challenges in gaining market share, particularly in certain European countries, where a large portion of the population already has broadband Internet connectivity and incumbent companies already have a dominant market share in their service areas. Furthermore, foreign providers of competing services may have a substantial advantage over us in attracting subscribers due to a more established brand, greater knowledge of local subscribers preferences and access to significant financial or strategic resources. 41 Table of Contents In addition, foreign regulatory authorities frequently own or control the incumbent telecommunications companies operating under their jurisdiction. Established relationships between government-owned or government-controlled telecommunications companies and their traditional local providers of telecommunications services often limit access of third parties to these markets. The successful expansion of our international operations in some markets will depend on our ability to locate, form and maintain strong relationships with established local communication services and equipment providers. Failure to establish these relationships or to market or sell our products and services successfully could limit our ability to attract subscribers to our services. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property, which could reduce the value of our services and our brand . Our ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to protect our proprietary technologies, system designs and manufacturing processes. We may not be able to safeguard and maintain our proprietary rights. We rely on patents, trademarks and policies and procedures related to confidentiality to protect our intellectual property. Some of our intellectual property, however, is not covered by any of these protections. We could be subject to claims that we have infringed on the proprietary rights of others, which claims would likely be costly to defend, could require us to pay damages and could limit our ability to use necessary technologies in the future . Our competitors may independently develop or patent technologies or processes that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours. These competitors may claim that our services and products infringe on these patents or other proprietary rights. Defending against infringement claims, even merit less ones, would be time consuming, distracting and costly. If we are found to be infringing proprietary rights of a third party, we could be enjoined from using such third party s rights and be required to pay substantial royalties and damages and may no longer be able to use the intellectual property on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain licenses to intellectual property could delay or prevent the development, manufacture or sale of our products or services and could cause us to expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing intellectual property. Our business depends on our brand, and if we do not maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to attract and retain subscribers may be impaired and our business and operating results harmed . We believe that our brand is a critical part of our business. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments with no assurance that these investments will be successful. If we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur significant expenses in this effort, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. We anticipate that maintaining and enhancing our brand will become increasingly important, difficult and expensive. We are subject to extensive regulation. Our acquisition, lease, maintenance and use of spectrum licenses are extensively regulated by federal, state, local, and foreign governmental entities. A number of other federal, state, local and foreign privacy, security and consumer laws also apply to our business. These regulations and their application are subject to continual change as new legislation, regulations or amendments to existing regulations are adopted from time to time by governmental or regulatory authorities, including as a result of judicial interpretations of such laws and regulations. Current regulations directly affect the breadth of services we are able to offer and may impact the rates, terms and conditions of our services. Regulation of companies that offer competing services, such as cable and DSL providers and incumbent telecommunications carriers, also affects our business indirectly. We are also subject to regulation because we provide VoIP telephony services. As an interconnected VoIP provider, we are required under FCC rules, to comply with the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, or CALEA, which requires service providers to build certain capabilities into their networks and to accommodate wiretap requests from law enforcement agencies. In addition, the FCC or other regulatory authorities may in the future restrict our ability to manage subscribers use of our network, thereby limiting our ability to prevent or address subscribers excessive bandwidth demands. To maintain the quality of our network and user experience, we manage the bandwidth used by our subscribers applications, in part by restricting the types of applications that may be used over our network. Some providers and users of these applications have objected to this practice. If the FCC or other regulatory authorities were to adopt regulations that constrain our ability to employ bandwidth management practices, excessive use of bandwidth-intensive applications would likely reduce the quality of our services for all subscribers. Such decline in the quality of our services could harm our business. 42 Table of Contents In certain of our international markets, the services provided by our business may require receipt of a license from national, provincial or local regulatory authorities. Where required, regulatory authorities may have significant discretion in granting the licenses and in the term of the licenses and are often under no obligation to renew the licenses when they expire. The breach of a license or applicable law, even if inadvertent, can result in the revocation, suspension, cancellation or reduction in the term of a license or the imposition of fines. In addition, regulatory authorities may grant new licenses to third parties, resulting in greater competition in territories where we already have rights to licensed spectrum. In order to promote competition, licenses may also require that third parties be granted access to our bandwidth, frequency capacity, facilities or services. We may not be able to obtain or retain any required license, and we may not be able to renew a license on favorable terms, or at all. Our wireless broadband and VoIP telephony services may become subject to greater state or federal regulation in the future. The scope of the regulations that may apply to VoIP telephony services providers and the impact of such regulations on providers competitive position are presently unknown. Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is also our largest stockholder, and as a result he can exert control over us and has actual or potential interests that may diverge from yours. Mr. Thomas may have interests that diverge from those of other holders of our common stock and he owns our super majority voting Series A stock. As a result, Mr. Thomas may vote the shares he owns or otherwise cause us to take actions that may conflict with your best interests as a stockholder, which could adversely affect our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. Through his control, Mr. Thomas can control our management, affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions, a sale of our company, decisions about our capital structure and, the composition of our board of directors. COVID-19 effects on the economy may negatively affect our Company business. In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged and has subsequently spread worldwide. The World Health Organization has declared COVID-19 a pandemic resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, stay at home orders and advisories and quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus. As the COVID-19 pandemic is complex and rapidly evolving, the Company's business may be negatively affected for a sustained time frame. At this point, we cannot reasonably estimate the duration and severity of this pandemic, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our officers and directors may have conflicts of interests as to corporate opportunities which we may not be able or allowed to participate in . Presently there is no requirement contained in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires officers and directors of our business to disclose to us business opportunities which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty of loyalty to us to disclose to us any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his involvement as an officer and director of another company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring business opportunity from any affiliate or officer or director. We have agreed to indemnification of officers and directors as is provided by Florida Statutes. Florida Statutes provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon such person s promise to repay us therefore if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us that we will be unable to recoup. Our directors liability to us and shareholders is limited. Florida Statutes exclude personal liability of our directors and our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty except in certain specified circumstances. Accordingly, we will have a much more limited right of action against our directors that otherwise would be the case. This provision does not affect the liability of any director under federal or applicable state securities laws. 43 Table of Contents We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy without substantial additional capital. Any such failure may adversely affect the business and results of operations. Unless we can generate revenues sufficient to implement our Business Plan, we will need to obtain additional financing through debt or bank financing, or through the sale of shareholder interests to execute our Business Plan. We expect to need at least 38,000,000 in the next twelve months in capital or loans to complete our plans and operations. We may not be able to obtain this financing at all. We have not sought commitments for this financing, and we have no terms for either debt or equity financing, and we realize that it may be difficult to obtain on favorable terms. Moreover, if we issue additional equity securities to support our operations, Investor holdings may be diluted. Our business plans are at risk if we cannot continually achieve additional capital raising to complete our plans. We are reliant, in part, on third party sales organizations, which may not perform as we expect. We, from time to time, rely on the sales force of third-party sales organizations with support from our own selling resources. The third-party relationships and internal organization are not fully developed at this time and must be developed. We may not be able to hire effective inside salespeople to help our third-party sales organizations close sales. There is no assurance that any approaches will improve sales. Further, using only a direct sales force would be less cost-effective than our plan to use third-party sales organizations. In addition, a direct sales model may be ineffective if we were unable to hire and retain qualified salespeople and if the sales force fails to complete sales. Moreover, even if we successfully implement our business strategy, we may not have positive operating results. We may decide to alter or discontinue aspects of our business strategy and may adopt different strategies due to business or competitive factors. Our growth may be affected adversely if our sales of products and services are negatively affected by competition or other factors. The growth of our business is dependent, in large part, upon the development of sales for our services and product offerings. Market opportunities that we expect to exist may not develop as expected, or at all. For example, a substantial percentage of our service offerings is oriented around data access. If lower cost alternatives are developed, our sales would decrease and our operating results would be negatively affected. Moreover, even if market opportunities develop as expected, new technologies and services offerings introduced by competitors may significantly limit our ability to capitalize on any such market opportunity. Our failure to capitalize on expected market opportunities would adversely affect revenue growth. The lack of operating history and the rapidly changing nature of the market in which we compete make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results. We anticipate that revenues and operating results might fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors including the following: the timing of sales for current services and products offerings the timing of new product implementations unexpected delays in introducing new services and products offerings increased expense related to sales and marketing, product development or administration the mix of products and our services offerings costs related to possible acquisitions of technology or business. costs of providing services We may be unable to compete with larger, more established competitors. The market for providing network delivered service solutions is competitive. We expect competition to intensify in the future. Many of our potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater recognition and significantly greater resources. As a result, competitors may be able to respond more quickly to emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements than we can. The continuous and timely introduction of competitively priced services offerings into the market is critical to our success, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to introduce such services offerings. We may not be able to compete successfully against competitors, and the competitive pressures we face may have an adverse effect on our business. 44 Table of Contents We are a reporting company. We are subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. As a result, shareholders will have access to the information required to be reported by publicly held companies under the Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder. As a result, we are subject to legal and accounting expenses that private companies are not subject to and this could affect our ability to generate operating income. We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Shares less attractive to investors . We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we expect and fully intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and Member approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our securities that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)2(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to opt into the extended transition period for complying with the revised accounting standards. We have elected to rely on these exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and expect to continue to do so. RISK FACTORS RELATED TO OUR STOCK We can give no assurance of success or profitability to our investors. Cash flows generated from operating activities were not enough to support all working capital requirements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Financing activities described below have helped with working capital and other capital requirements. We incurred 21,749,920 and 4,095,507, respectively, in losses, and we used 226,493 and 995,093, respectively, in cash for operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We calculate the net cash used by operating activities by decreasing, or increasing in case of gain, our let loss by those items that do not require the use of cash such as depreciation, amortization, promissory note issued for research and development, note payable issued for legal fees, derivative expense or gain, gain on extinguishment of debt, loss on conversion of notes payable, impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets and share-based compensation which totaled to a net 16,746,502 for 2022 and (1,170,451) for 2021. In addition, we report increases in assets and reductions in liabilities as uses of cash and decreases in assets and increases in liabilities as sources of cash, together referred to as changes in operating assets and liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net increase in our assets and liabilities of 4,776,925 primarily from an increase in accounts payable from lag of payments for accounts payable for cash flow considerations and an increase in the balances from our operating lease liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net increase to our assets and liabilities of 4,270,865 for similar reasons. Cash flows from financing activities were (180,525) and 1,169,810 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 30, 2022, these cash flows were generated from proceeds from convertible notes, loans and advances of 1,256,187 offset by payment on convertible loans, advances and factoring agreements of 1,391,580 and payments on convertible notes and amounts payable related parties of 45,132. For the year ended December 31, 2021, these cash flows were generated from the sale of Series D Preferred Stock, common stock subscriptions of 610,502, proceeds from convertible notes, loans and advances of 3,900,400 offset by payment on convertible loans, advances and factoring agreements of 3,502,592 and payments on convertible notes and amounts payable related parties of 64,480. Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities were (22,747) and 324,040, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily related to the acquisition of property and equipment and the purchase of IST. 45 Table of Contents These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged and has subsequently spread worldwide. The World Health Organization has declared COVID-19 a pandemic resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, stay at home orders and advisories and quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus. After close monitoring and responses and guidance from federal, state and local governments, in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, for a period of time, the Company closed certain offices, all of which have be subsequently reopened. The Company continues to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations at the national, state, and local level to evaluate possible extensions to all or part of such closures. The Company has taken advantage of the stimulus offerings and received 1,402,700 in PPP loans. All of these PPP loans were forgiven in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company is also in the process of trying to raise debt and equity financing, some of which may have to be used for working capital shortfalls if revenues continue to decline. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for a total of 744,260. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for 81,675 and 330,000. In order for us to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements, we will need to obtain additional debt or equity financing and look for companies with cash flow positive operations that we can acquire. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure additional debt or equity financing, that we will be able to acquire cash flow positive operations, or that, if we are successful in any of those actions, those actions will produce adequate cash flow to enable us to meet all our future obligations. Most of our existing financing arrangements are short-term. If we are unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing, we may be required to significantly reduce or cease operations. Sales of common stock resulting from issuances of common stock for conversions by our convertible noteholders or Rule 144 sales in the future will have a depressive effect on our common stock price. Most of our convertible noteholders have rights to convert their notes at significant discounts to the market prices as shown in the schedule below, for sale under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and perhaps under registration statements which the company is preparing to file in the next thirty days. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for six months or is deemed to have held them due to the issuance by the Company of convertible notes under certain conditions, may sell those shares in brokerage transactions. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders underlying the convertible notes, will have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in the market, since they are issued at a discount to market-often 50-60 of the lowest bid for differing periods, and sales can be expected at some discounted prices, with larger than normal volumes. We have also issued preferred stock and options and warrants that allow for the purchase of shares at significant discounts to the market prices, often 50 of the ten-day low bids, or other highly discounted rates, which would allow the holders of those warrants to sell shares into the market at a profit over their discounted price, which could have the effect of depressing the price of the shares in the market. As of December 31, 2022, we had the following convertible promissory notes, preferred stock and options and warrants outstanding that are convertible into common shares as follows: Convertible Promissory Notes 3,787,362,740 Series A Preferred Stock (1) 12,610,847,082 Series B Preferred Stock 2,588,693 Series D Preferred Stock (2) 74,998,392 Series E Preferred Stock (3) 3,285,381,029 Stock Options and Warrants 129,116,666 19,890,294,603 _______________ 1. As of December 31, 2022, by amendment, holder of the Series A Preferred Stock which is Stephen J. Thomas, is guaranteed upon date of conversion to 60 of the common shares computed to include all projected conversions of all convertible debt and any other classes of Preferred Stock as if the conversions had taken place at the stated conversion price per share (i.e. for the avoidance of doubt fully diluted as if such conversion had occurred prior to the Series A conversion.) The Company would have to authorize additional shares for this to occur as only 4,500,000,000 shares are currently authorized. 2. Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock may decide after 12 months to convert to common stock @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. There is also an automatic conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series D Preferred shall be @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. 3. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock may decide after 12 months to convert to common stock @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. There is also an automatic conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series E Preferred shall be @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. 46 Table of Contents Stock Options On October 14, 2017, the Board of Directors and majority stockholders of TPT approved the 2017 TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan the 2017 Plan. There are 20,000,000 shares of our common stock reserved under the 2017 Plan. Warrants As of December 31, 2022, there were 129,116,666 warrants outstanding that expire in five years or in the years ended December 31, 2024 -2027. As part of the Convertible Promissory Notes payable third party issuance in Note 5, the Company issued 1,000,000 warrants to purchase 1,000,000 common shares of the Company at 70 of the current market price. Current market price means the average of the three lowest trading prices for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of the respective exercise notice. However, if a required registration statement, registering the underlying shares of the Convertible Promissory Notes, is declared effective on or before June 11, 2019 to September 11, 2019, then, while such Registration Statement is effective, the current market price shall mean the lowest volume weighted average price for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of the FirstFire Note, the Cavalry Investment Note and the Cavalry Fund I Note agreements. Warrants to purchase 110,000,000 shares of common stock at 110 of the opening price on the first day the Company trades on the Nasdaq exchange were issued to these note holders. On January 31, 2022, TPT Global Tech, Inc. issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of Talos and Blue Lake Note Agreements. Warrants to purchase 18,116,666 shares of common stock at 0.015 per share provided, however, that if the Company consummates an uplist offering on or before July 6, 2022 then the exercise price shall be 110 of the offering price at which the uplist offering is made. The warrants issued under these convertible promissory notes were considered derivative liabilities valued at 187,745 of the total 4,822,398 derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022. See Note 5. Current market price means the average of the three lowest trading prices for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of the respective exercise notice. The exercise of the options, warrants, convertible promissory notes and Series A, B, C, D, and E Series Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock could have a dilutive effect to the holdings of our existing shareholders. We may in the future issue more shares which could cause a loss of control by our present management and current stockholders. We may issue further shares as consideration for the cash or assets or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that would, upon issuance, represent a majority of the voting power and equity of our Company. The result of such an issuance would be those new stockholders and management would control our Company, and persons unknown could replace our management at this time. Such an occurrence would result in a greatly reduced percentage of ownership of our Company by our current shareholders, which could present significant risks to investors. Our Stock prices in the Market may be volatile. The value of our Common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; disruption to our operations or those of other sources critical to our network operations; the emergence of new competitors or new technologies; our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; seasonal or other variations in our subscriber base; commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation; availability of additional spectrum; dilutive issuances of our stock or the stock of our subsidiaries, or the incurrence of additional debt; changes in our board or management; adoption of new or different accounting standards; changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals; changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; announcements regarding WiMAX and other technical standards; and general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets. 47 Table of Contents In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for shares of technology companies in particular, has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. We expect the value of our common stock will be subject to such fluctuations. Our common stock will in all likelihood be thinly traded and as a result you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to liquidate your shares, after any conversion from Preferred Stock. The shares of our common stock may be thinly-traded on the OTC Market, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of any of our Securities until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our Securities is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on Securities price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common Securities will develop or be sustained, or that any trading levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions, we can give investors no assurance that they will be able to sell their shares at or near ask prices or at all if they need money or otherwise desire to liquidate their securities of our Company. The regulation of penny stocks by SEC and FINRA may discourage the tradability of our common stock or other securities. We are a penny stock company. Our common stock currently trades on the OTCQB under the symbol TPTW and will be subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes special sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers or accredited investors. For purposes of the rule, the phrase accredited investors means, in general terms, institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000, or individuals having a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or having an annual income that exceeds 200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse s income, exceeds 300,000). For transactions covered by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Effectively, this discourages broker-dealers from executing trades in penny stocks. Consequently, the rule will affect the ability of purchasers to sell their securities in any market that might develop therefore because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stocks". Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Because our securities constitute penny stocks within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to us and to our securities. The rules will further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. Shareholders should be aware that, according to Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. Inventory in penny stocks have limited remedies in the event of violations of penny stock rules. While the courts are always available to seek remedies for fraud against us, most, if not all, brokerages require their customers to sign mandatory arbitration agreements in conjunctions with opening trading accounts. Such arbitration may be through an independent arbiter. Investors may file a complaint with FINRA against the broker allegedly at fault, and FINRA may be the arbiter, under FINRA rules. Arbitration rules generally limit discovery and provide more expedient adjudication, but also provide limited remedies in damages usually only the actual economic loss in the account. Investors should understand that if a fraud case is filed against a company in the courts it may be vigorously defended and may take years and great legal expenses and costs to pursue, which may not be economically feasible for small investors. 48 Table of Contents That absent arbitration agreements related to brokerage accounts, specific legal remedies available to investors of penny stocks include the following: If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for damages. The fact that we are a penny stock company will cause many brokers to refuse to handle transactions in the stocks, and may discourage trading activity and volume, or result in wide disparities between bid and ask prices. These may cause investors significant illiquidity of the stock at a price at which they may wish to sell or in the opportunity to complete a sale. Investors will have no effective legal remedies for these illiquidity issues. We will pay no dividends in the foreseeable future on common stock . We have not paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. The Series D Preferred Stock will be paid 6 per annum on a cumulative basis, in cash or in registered common stock. Rule 144 sales of stock in the future may have a depressive effect on our stock price. All of the outstanding shares of common stock held by our present officers, directors, and affiliate stockholders are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As restricted Shares, common shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for six months, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1.0 of a company s outstanding common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. Any sales of our common stock, if in significant amounts, are likely to depress the future market price of our securities. Outside of convertible debt arrangements that exist, there are no intended sales of common stock. Any new potential investors will suffer a disproportionate risk and there will be immediate dilution of existing investors investments. Our present shareholders have acquired their securities at a cost significantly less than that which the investors purchasing hereto will pay for their stock holdings or at which future purchasers in the market may pay. Therefore, any new potential investors will bear most of the risk of loss. We can issue future series of shares of preferred stock without shareholder approval, which could adversely affect the rights of common shareholders. Our Articles of Incorporation permit our Board of Directors to establish the rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions, including voting rights, of future series of stock and to issue such stock without approval from our shareholders. The rights of holders of common stock may suffer as a result of the rights granted to holders of preferred stock that may be issued in the future. In addition, we could issue preferred stock to prevent a change in control of our Company, depriving common shareholders of an opportunity to sell their stock at a price in excess of the prevailing market price. 49 Table of Contents RISKS RELATING TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND POTENTIAL LITIGATION We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain intellectual property protection that will effectively prevent any competitors from developing or marketing the same or a competing technology. In addition, we cannot predict whether we will be subject to intellectual property litigation the outcome of which is subject to uncertainty and which can be very costly to pursue or defend. We will attempt to continue to protect our proprietary designs and to avoid infringing on the intellectual property of third parties. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our intellectual property or avoid suits by third parties claiming intellectual property infringement. If our patents and other intellectual property rights do not adequately protect our service offering, we may lose market share to competitors and be unable to operate our business profitably. Patents and other proprietary rights are anticipated to be of value to our future business, and our ability to compete effectively with other companies depends on the proprietary nature of our current or future technologies. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain, and strengthen our competitive position. We cannot assure you that any future patent applications will result in issued patents, that any patents issued or licensed to us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted there under will provide a competitive advantage to us or prevent competitors from entering markets which we currently serve. Any required license may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all or may become invalid if the licensee s right to such technology become challenged and/or revoked. In addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive, and therefore competitors may have access to the same technologies as we do. Furthermore, we may have to take legal action in the future to protect our trade secrets or know-how, or to defend them against claimed infringement of the rights of others. Any legal action of that type could be costly and time-consuming to us, and we cannot assure you that such actions will be successful. The invalidation of key patents or proprietary rights which we own or unsuccessful outcomes in lawsuits to protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may in the future become subject to claims that some, or the entire service offering violates the patent or intellectual property rights of others, which could be costly and disruptive to us. We operate in an industry that is susceptible to patent litigation. As a result, we or the parties we license technology from may become subject to patent infringement claims or litigation. Further, one or more of our future patents or applications may become subject to interference proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, USPTO or the foreign equivalents thereof to determine the priority of claims to inventions. The defense of intellectual property suits, USPTO interference proceedings or the foreign equivalents thereof, as well as related legal and administrative proceedings, are both costly and time consuming and may divert management's attention from other business concerns. An adverse determination in litigation or interference proceedings to which we may become a party could, among other things: subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, including treble damages; require disputed rights to be licensed from a third party for royalties that may be substantial; require us to cease using such technology; or prohibit us from selling certain of our service offerings. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Description of properties/assets (a) Real Estate. None. (b) Title to properties. None. (c) Patents, Trade Names, Trademarks and Copyrights See below. Our executive offices are located in San Diego, California. We do not own any real property, but lease and office space consisting of approximately 5,000 sq. ft. among all of our corporate and subsidiary locations. We believe that substantially all of our property and equipment is in good condition, subject to normal wear and tear, and that our facilities have sufficient capacity to meet the current needs of our business. 50 Table of Contents Patents, trade names, trademarks and copyrights Either directly or through our subsidiaries, we have rights in various patents, trade names, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property necessary to conduct our business. Our services often use the intellectual property of others, including licensed software. We also occasionally license our intellectual property to others as we deem appropriate. We periodically receive offers from third parties to purchase or obtain licenses for patents and other intellectual property rights in exchange for royalties or other payments. We also periodically receive notices, or are named in lawsuits, alleging that our products or services infringe on patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. In certain instances, these matters can potentially adversely impact our operations, operating results or financial position. For additional information, see Risk Factors . ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. On March 18, 2019, the Company issued to an Investor a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 600,000.00 (the Auctus Promissory Note and Warrant Agreement (the Auctus Warrant Agreement pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement dated March 18, 2019 (the Auctus SPA with Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus ). Pursuant to claims by Auctus that the Company had not complied with terms of the Auctus SPA, the Company and Auctus entered into a settlement agreement dated October 13, 2021 where by the Company would pay 763,231 and allow Auctus to exercise its right to exercise 15,000,000 warrants to purchase 15,000,000 shares of common stock. Auctus agreed to limit the sale of common shares of the Company to 2,000,000 during each respective calendar week. The Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of 7,068,339 when this Auctus Promissory Note was paid off in large part because of the related derivative liability on the books at the time of the settlement. We have been named in a lawsuit by EMA Financial, LLC EMA for failing to comply with a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into in June 2019. More specifically, EMA claims the Company failed to honor notices of conversion, failed to establish and maintain share reserves, failed to register EMA shares and by failed to assure that EMA shares were Rule 144 eligible within 6 months. EMA has claimed in excess of 7,614,967 in relief. The Company has filed a motion in response for which EMA has filed a motion to dismiss. The Company does not believe at this time that any negative outcome would result in more than the 920,579 it has recorded on its balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. A lawsuit was filed in Michigan by the one of the former owners of SpeedConnect, LLC, John Ogren. Mr. Ogren claimed he was owed back wages related to the acquisition agreement wherein the Company acquired the assets of SpeedConnect, LLC and kept him on through a consulting agreement. The Company s position was that he ultimately resigned in writing and was not due any back wages. In August 2021, Mr. Ogren was awarded 334,908 in back wages by an Arbitrator. This amount has been expensed in the statement of operations as other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. Mr. Ogren and the Company agreed to a settlement whereby the Company would pay 120,000 within 14 days of a written agreement with four monthly payments of 20,000 starting on December 5, 2021 through March 2, 2022. This debt was completely paid off as of December 31, 2022. We have been named in a lawsuit by a collection law firm on behalf of Pinnacle Towers LLC and Crown Atlantic Company Inc., against TPT Global Tech, Inc. The claim derives from an outstanding debt by incurred by Copperhead Digital. The lawsuit is over unpaid rent that should have been paid by Copperhead Digital but was not paid. The Company believes it has several defenses to this claim and is in the process of communicating with opposing counsel for dismissal of the claims which amount to 386,030.62 plus interest, costs and attorney fees. The Company has accounted for approximately 600,000 in payables on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 for this subsidiary payable. Lawsuits are being threatened by vendors in relation to tower lease payments in accordance with tower lease agreements that were entered into by SpeedConnect. The claims are currently being investigated and the amount in controversy being claimed is approximately 2,784,107. The Company has approximately 2,903,316 in accounts payable for these threatened claims as of December 31, 2022. The claims appear to include lease agreements that have been terminated and future payments not yet due, among other issues. As such, the parties are trying to come up with resolutions for these claims. We have been named in lawsuits by two merchant debt companies, Mr. Advance and CLOUDFUND versus TPT Global Tech and TPT SpeedConnect for non-payment under the debt agreements for which the companies received judgements against the Company. The judgements totaled 521,409, including legal and other fees for which the Company has 546,219 recorded in loans, advances and agreements. The Company is in negotiations with both of these companies to restructure payment and work out acceptable terns. Management believes it will not have to pay more than what it has recorded in accounts payable. We have been named in a lawsuit by AHS Staffing, LLC against TPT MedTech, LLC claiming unpayment of 159,959 in billings for medical staffing services rendered by AHS Staffing, LLC on behalf of TPT MedTech. The Company believes it has defenses for a portion of the services rendered but has recorded a payable in accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheet of 120,967. Management does not believe that an unfavorable outcome will result in payment of more than is recorded in accounts payable. The Company has been named in a lawsuit, Robert Serrett vs. TruCom, Inc., by a former employee who was terminated by management in 2016. The employee was working under an employment agreement but was terminated for breach of the agreement. The former employee is suing for breach of contract and is seeking around 75,000 in back pay and benefits. We learned that Mr. Serrett received a default judgement in Texas on May 15, 2018 for 70,650 plus 3,500 in attorney fees and 5 interest and court costs. However, he has made no attempt that we are aware of to obtain a sister state judgment in Arizona, where Trucom resides, or to try and enforce the judgement and collect. Management believes it has good and meritorious defenses and does not belief the outcome of the lawsuit will have any material effect on the financial position of the Company. We are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. We anticipate that we (including current and any future subsidiaries) will from time to time become subject to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. It is not feasible to predict the outcome of any such proceedings and we cannot assure that their ultimate disposition will not have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. Not applicable. 51 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC QB under the symbol TPTW . Because we are quoted on the OTCQB, our securities may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if they were listed on a national securities exchange. The following table sets forth the high and low bid quotations for our common stock as reported on the OTCQB for the periods indicated. 2022 2021 2020 Quarter Ended High Low High Low High Low March 31 0.0154 0.007 0.10 0.03 0.011 0.0007 June 30 0.0132 0.0049 0.04 0.01 0.037 0.002 September 30 0.0075 0.001 0.07 0.01 0.093 0.024 December 31 0.0119 0.0015 0.03 0.01 0.06 0.021 Holders As of May 13, 2023, there are approximately 434 record holders of 1,723,749,021 shares of our common stock. Dividends As of the filing of this Form 10-K, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock to shareholders. The Series D and Series E Preferred Stock will be paid 6 per annum on a cumulative basis, in cash or in registered common stock. There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely to do so in the future. The Florida Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend; we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or our total assets would be less than the sum of the total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. Options Warrants Effective October 14, 2017, we adopted the 2017 TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan provides for grants of nonqualified stock options and other stock awards, including warrants, to designated employees, officers, directors, advisors and independent contractors. A maximum of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock were reserved for options and other stock awards under the Plan. We have the ability to issue either options or warrants under the Plan. 52 Table of Contents Common Stock We are presently authorized to issue four billion five hundred million (4,500,000,000) shares of our 0.001 par value common stock. A total of One Billion, Seven Hundred Twenty-Three Million, Seven Hundred Forty-Nine Thousand, Twenty-One (1,723,749,021) common shares are issued and outstanding as of May 13, 2023. All common shares are equal to each other with respect to voting, liquidation, and dividend rights. Special shareholders' meetings may be called by the officers or director, or upon the request of holders of at least one-tenth (1/10th) of the outstanding shares. Holders of shares are entitled to one vote at any shareholders' meeting for each share they own as of the record date fixed by the board of directors. There is no quorum requirement for shareholders' meetings. Therefore, a vote of the majority of the shares represented at a meeting will govern even if this is substantially less than a majority of the shares outstanding. Holders of shares are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefore, and upon liquidation are entitled to participate pro rata in a distribution of assets available for such a distribution to shareholders. There are no conversion, pre-emptive or other subscription rights or privileges with respect to any shares. Reference is made to our Articles of Incorporation and our By-Laws as well as to the applicable statutes of the State of Florida for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of shares. It should be noted that the board of directors without notice to the shareholders may amend the By-Laws. Our shares do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the shares voting for election of directors may elect all the directors if they choose to do so. In such event, the holders of the remaining shares aggregating less than fifty percent (50 of the shares voting for election of directors may not be able to elect any director. Preferred Stock As of May 13, 2023, we had authorized one hundred million (100,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, of which certain shares had been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, and Series E Preferred Stock. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock The Company designated 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred Stock. In February 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Stephen Thomas, Chairman, CEO and President of the Company, valued at 3,117,000 for compensation expense. These shares are outstanding as of May 13, 2023. The Series A Preferred Stock has a par value of .001, is redeemable at the Company s option at 100 per share, is senior to any other class or series of outstanding Preferred Stock or Common Stock and does not bear dividends. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference immediately after any Senior Securities, as defined and amended, of an amount equal to amounts payable owing, including contingency amounts where Holders of the Series A have personally guaranteed obligations of the Company. As of May 13, 2023, by amendment, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall, collectively have the right to convert all of their Series A Preferred Stock when conversion is elected into that number of shares of Common Stock of the Company, as amended and restated July 5, 2022 by the Board of Directors and a majority of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, determined by the following formula: 60 of the common shares computed to include all projected conversions of all convertible debt and any other classes of Preferred Stock as if the conversions had taken place at the stated conversion price per share (i.e. for the avoidance of doubt fully diluted as if such conversion had occurred prior to the Series A conversion.) The Company determined that due to the significance of the amendment, it should be accounted for as an extinguishment and fair valued the amended Series A Preferred Stock at 42,983,742, creating a deemed dividend of 39,866,742. The valuation of the amended Series A Preferred Stock was done by a qualified independent third party. The record Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to vote as if converted prior to the vote to an amount of shares equal to 60 of the common shares computed to include all projected conversions of all convertible debt and any other classes of Preferred Stock as if the conversions had taken place at the stated conversion price per share (i.e. for the avoidance of doubt fully diluted as if such conversion had occurred prior to the Series A conversion) on any matter with holders of Common Stock for any vote required to approve any action, which Florida law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the holders of other series of voting shares and the holders of Common Stock or the holders of other securities entitled to vote, if any. The Series A Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. 53 Table of Contents Series B Convertible Preferred Stock In February 2015, the Company designated 3,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock was designated in February 2015, has a par value of .001, is not redeemable, is senior to any other class or series of outstanding Preferred Stock, except the Series A Preferred Stock, or Common Stock and does not bear dividends. The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference immediately after any Senior Securities, as defined and currently the Series A Preferred Stock, and of an amount equal to 2.00 per share. Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock have a right to convert all or any part of the Series B Preferred Shares and will receive and equal number of common shares at the conversion price of 2.00 per share. The Series B Preferred Stockholders have a right to vote on any matter with holders of Common Stock and shall have a number of votes equal to that number of Common Shares on a one to one basis. There are 2,588,693 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of May 13, 2023. The Series B Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Series C Convertible Preferred Stock In May 2018, the Company designated 3,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock was designated in May 2018, has a par value of .001, is not redeemable, is senior to any other class or series of outstanding Preferred Stock, except the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, or Common Stock and does not bear dividends. The Series C Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference immediately after any Senior Securities, as defined and currently the Series A and B Preferred Stock, and of an amount equal to 2.00 per share. Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have a right to convert all or any part of the Series C Preferred Shares and will receive an equal number of common shares at the conversion price of 0.15 per share. The Series C Preferred Stockholders have a right to vote on any matter with holders of Common Stock and shall have a number of votes equal to that number of Common Shares on a one to one basis. There are no shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of May 13, 2023. There are approximately 553,100 in convertible notes payable convertible into Series C Convertible Preferred Stock which compromise some of the common stock equivalents calculated in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Series C Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock In 2019, the Company previously authorized (20,000,000) Series D 8 Cumulative Dividend Convertible Preferred Stock for which no shares were issued. On July 6, 2020, September 15, 2021, and March 20, 2020, the Company authorized amendments to the Certificate of Designation whereby the authorized amount is ten million (10,000,000) Series D 6 Cumulative Dividend Convertible Preferred Stock which has the following features: (i) 6 Cumulative Annual Dividends payable on the purchase value in cash or common stock of the Company at the discretion of the Board and payment is also at the discretion of the Board, which may decide to cumulate to future years; (ii) Any time after 12 months from issuance an option to convert to common stock at the election of the holder @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00; (iii) Automatic conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock shall occur without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series D Preferred shall be @75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00, which shall be post-reverse split as may be necessary for any Exchange listing; (iv) Registration Rights the Company has granted Piggyback Registration Rights for common stock underlying conversion rights in the event it files any other Registration Statement (other than an S-1 that the Company may file for certain conversion common shares for the convertible note financing that was arranged and funded in 2019). Further, the Company will file and pursue to effectiveness a Registration Statement or offering statement for common stock underlying the Automatic Conversion event triggered by an exchange listing; and (v) Liquidation Rights - 5.00 per share plus any accrued unpaid dividends subordinate to Series A, B, and C Preferred Stock receiving full liquidation under the terms of such series. The Company has redemption rights for the first year following the Issuance Date to redeem all or part of the principal amount of the Series D Preferred Stock at between 115 and 140 . During the year ended December 31, 2021, 46,649 shares of Series D Preferred Stock were purchased for 233,244 of which Stephen Thomas, CEO of the Company, acquired 36,649 for 183,244. The remainder of the shares purchased as of June 30, 2021 were purchased by a third party. As such, as of May 13, 2023, there are 46,649 shares of Series D Preferred Shares outstanding. The Series D Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. 54 Table of Contents Series E Convertible Preferred Stock On November 10, 2021, the Company designated 10,000,000 shares of the authorized 100,000,000 shares of the Company s 0.001 par value preferred stock as the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock the Series E Preferred Shares ). Series E Preferred shares have the following features: (i) 6 Cumulative Annual Dividends payable on the purchase value in cash or common stock of the Company at the discretion of the Board and payment is also at the discretion of the Board, which may decide to cumulate to future years; (ii) Any time after 12 months from issuance an option to convert to common stock at the election of the holder @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00; (iii) Automatic conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock shall occur without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series E Preferred shall be @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00, which shall be post-reverse split as may be necessary for any Exchange listing; (iv) Registration Rights the Company has granted Piggyback Registration Rights for common stock underlying conversion rights in the event it files any other Registration Statement (other than an S-1 that the Company may file for certain conversion common shares for the convertible note financing that was arranged and funded in 2019). Further, the Company will file, and pursue to effectiveness, a Registration Statement or offering statement for common stock underlying the Automatic Conversion event triggered by an exchange listing; and (v) Liquidation Rights - 5.00 per share plus any accrued unpaid dividends subordinate to Series A, B, C and D Preferred Stock receiving full liquidation under the terms of such series. The Company has redemption rights for the first year following the Issuance Date to redeem all or part of the principal amount of the Series E Preferred Stock at between 115 and 140 . As of May 13, 2023, there are 2,043,507 Series E Preferred shares outstanding as a result of exchanges of accounts payable, financing arrangements and lease agreements. The Series E Preferred shares were given a fair value by a third-party valuation of 6.53 per share for which they were recorded as of September 30, 2022. The difference between the valuation at 6.53 per share or 13,344,101 and the amount of accounts payable, financing arrangements and lease agreement balances of 10,987,477 or 2,356,624 was recorded as a loss on debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Series E Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Warrants As of May 13, 2023, there were 129,116,666 warrants outstanding that expire in five years or in the years ended December 31, 2024 -2027. As part of the Convertible Promissory Notes payable third party issuance in Note 5, the Company issued 1,000,000 warrants to purchase 1,000,000 common shares of the Company at 70 of the current market price. Current market price means the average of the three lowest trading prices for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of the respective exercise notice. However, if a required registration statement, registering the underlying shares of the Convertible Promissory Notes, is declared effective on or before June 11, 2019 to September 11, 2019, then, while such Registration Statement is effective, the current market price shall mean the lowest volume weighted average price for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of the FirstFire Note, the Cavalry Investment Note and the Cavalry Fund I Note agreements. Warrants to purchase 110,000,000 shares of common stock at 110 of the opening price on the first day the Company trades on the Nasdaq exchange were issued to these note holders. On January 31, 2022, TPT Global Tech, Inc. issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of Talos and Blue Lake Note Agreements. Warrants to purchase 18,116,666 shares of common stock at 0.015 per share provided, however, that if the Company consummates an uplist offering on or before July 6, 2022 then the exercise price shall be 110 of the offering price at which the uplist offering is made. The warrants issued under these convertible promissory notes were considered derivative liabilities valued at 187,745 of the total 4,822,398 derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022. See Note 5. Effective October 14, 2017, we adopted the 2017 TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for grants of nonqualified stock options and other stock awards, including warrants, to designated employees, officers, directors, advisors and independent contractors. A maximum of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock were reserved for options and other stock awards under the Plan. We have the ability to issue either options or warrants under the Plan. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Aside from what has been disclosed in our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A dated February 13, 2019, amended December 10, 2019, September 14, 2020 and September 29, 2020, and Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated September 25, 2020, Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated October 28, 2020 and amended on January 15, 2021, Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated June 30, 2021, amended on July 6, 2021 and July 14, 2021, Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated February 25, 2022 and amended March 1, 2022, we have issued the following pursuant to conversions of amounts due under convertible promissory notes. Otherwise, we have not sold unregistered securities in the past 2 years without registering the securities under the Securities Act of 1933. 55 Table of Contents 2021 Conversions Accrued Share Price Date Principal Interest Amounts Per Share Auctus 10/13/2020 423,300 15,000,000 0.0275 423,300 15,000,000 2022 Conversions Accrued Share Price Date Principal Int Fees Amounts Per Share FirstFire 9/15/2022 59,160 17,000,000 0.0035 10/19/2022 61,875 50,000,000 0.0012 12/14/2022 125,625 50,000,000 0.0025 246,660 117,000,000 Talos 9/1/2022 271,750 28,925 40,090,000 0.0075 271,750 28,925 40,090,000 Blue Lake 9/8/2022 263,585 96,863 48,059,600 0.0075 263,585 96,863 48,059,600 Cavalry Investment 11/15/2022 18,000 15,000,000 0.0012 18,000 15,000,000 Cavalry Fund I 10/25/2022 25,000 20,161,290 0.0012 11/15/2022 36,000 30,000,000 0.0012 36,000 50,161,290 1800 Diagonal 11/17/2022 25,000 20,833,333 0.0012 12/22/2022 40,000 20,000,000 0.0020 12/30/2022 25,000 22,727,273 0.0011 90,000 63,560,606 Total Conversions 2022 925,995 147,288 333,871,496 We have filed Forms with the SEC related to convertible promissory notes for which the underlying common shares have not be registered. Details of the convertible promissory notes can be found at http://sec.gov. Exemption From Registration Claimed All of the above sales by us of our unregistered securities were made by us in reliance upon Rule 506 of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(5) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"). All of the individuals and/or entities that purchased the unregistered securities were primarily existing shareholders, known to us and our management, through pre-existing business relationships, as long-standing business associates and employees. All purchasers were provided access to all material information, which they requested, and all information necessary to verify such information and were afforded access to our management in connection with their purchases. All purchasers of the unregistered securities acquired such securities for investment and not with a view toward distribution, acknowledging such intent to us. All certificates or agreements representing such securities that were issued contained restrictive legends, prohibiting further transfer of the certificates or agreements representing such securities, without such securities either being first registered or otherwise exempt from registration in any further resale or disposition. 56 Table of Contents Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 6. RESERVED. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Forward-Looking Statements and Associated Risks. This Form 10-K contains certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, continue, or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions generally and in the industries in which we may participate; competition within our chosen industry, including competition from much larger competitors; technological advances and failure to successfully develop business relationships. Based on our financial history since inception, our auditor has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit totaling 106,523,079. This raises substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. We generate revenues primarily through telecommunications and Internet services and as a provider of ecommerce and cloud solutions in the western United States. PLAN OF OPERATIONS Our Capital Budget for the next 12 months Liquidity and Capital Resource Needs If we can raise sufficient capital resources, we intend to expend significant funds after our intended funding event equally throughout 2023 as follows. Equipment purchases and manufacturing 14,000,000 Product advancement 2,250,000 Acquisitions 500,000 Debt Restructuring 7,300,000 Working Capital, including marketing 11,470,000 Brokerage commissions 2,280,000 Offering expenses 200,000 38,000,000 Although the items set forth above indicate management s present estimate of our use of the net proceeds, we may reallocate the proceeds or utilize them for other corporate purposes . Our actual use of proceeds may vary from these estimates because of a number of factors, including whether we are successful in completing future acquisitions, whether we obtain additional funding, what other obligations have been incurred by us, the operating results of our initial acquisition activities, and whether we are able to operate profitably. If our need for working capital increases, we may seek additional funds through loans or other financing. There are no commitments for any such financing, and there can be no assurance that these funds may be obtained in the future if the need arises. Results of Operations For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized total revenues of 7,836,579 compared to the prior period of 10,029,579. The decrease is largely attributable to the decrease in internet customers from attrition and the discontinuance of unprofitable operating locations. Decreases in MedTech revenue also occurred compared to the prior year from a decrease in operations. 57 Table of Contents Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,609,883 compared to 2,227,404 for the prior period. Gross margin percentage decreased from 22 to 20 largely as a result of the decrease in internet customers. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 15,637,702 in operating expenses compared to 8,905,220 for the prior period. The increase was in large part attributable to the research and development expense of 1,750,000 in the current period from the acquisition of a software developed by a third party and impairments in the current period for goodwill and long-lived assets of 7,283,276. Derivative expense the current period was 650,071 compared to 3,536,901 for the prior. This results from the accounting for derivative financial instruments and is largely dependent on the company s common stock trading price. The loss on debt extinguishment of 2,248,092 for the current period results from the exchange of accounts payable, financing arrangements and lease agreement balances for Series E Preferred Stock and shares of common stock, as well as, losses on conversions of derivative debt for common shares. Interest expense increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior period by 2,124,419. The increase comes largely from the amortization of debt discounts and default provisions on the Company s derivative securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net loss of 21,749,920 compared to 4,095,507 for the prior period. The difference was loss on debt conversions, increase on interest expense from debt discounts and default provisions, impairments in the current year slightly offset by the decrease in derivative expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amended its series A Preferred Stock which resulted in a deemed dividend of 39,866,742 due to an increase in fair value of the Preferred A stock. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Cash flows generated from operating activities were not enough to support all working capital requirements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Financing activities described below have helped with working capital and other capital requirements. We incurred 21,749,920 and 4,095,507, respectively, in losses, and we used 226,493 and 995,093, respectively, in cash for operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We calculate the net cash used by operating activities by decreasing, or increasing in case of gain, our let loss by those items that do not require the use of cash such as depreciation, amortization, promissory note issued for research and development, note payable issued for legal fees, derivative expense or gain, gain on extinguishment of debt, loss on conversion of notes payable, impairment of goodwill and long-loved assts and share-based compensation which totaled to a net 16,746,502 for 2022 and (1,170,451) for 2021. In addition, we report increases in assets and reductions in liabilities as uses of cash and deceases in assets and increases in liabilities as sources of cash, together referred to as changes in operating assets and liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net increase in our assets and liabilities of 4,776,925 primarily from an increase in accounts payable from lag of payments for accounts payable for cash flow considerations and an increase in the balances from our operating lease liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we had a net increase to our assets and liabilities of 4,270,865 for similar reasons. Cash flows from financing activities were (180,525) and 1,169,810 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 30, 2022, these cash flows were generated from proceeds from convertible notes, loans and advances of 1,256,187 offset by payment on convertible loans, advances and factoring agreements of 1,391,580 and payments on convertible notes and amounts payable related parties of 45,132. For the year ended December 31, 2021, these cash flows were generated from the sale of Series D Preferred Stock, common stock subscriptions of 610,502, proceeds from convertible notes, loans and advances of 3,900,400 offset by payment on convertible loans, advances and factoring agreements of 3,502,592 and payments on convertible notes and amounts payable related parties of 64,480. Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities were (22,747) and 324,040, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily related to the acquisition of property and equipment and the purchase of IST. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 58 Table of Contents In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged and has subsequently spread worldwide. The World Health Organization has declared COVID-19 a pandemic resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, stay at home orders and advisories and quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus. After close monitoring and responses and guidance from federal, state and local governments, in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, for a period of time, the Company closed certain offices, all of which have be subsequently reopened. The Company continues to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations at the national, state, and local level to evaluate possible extensions to all or part of such closures. The Company has taken advantage of the stimulus offerings and received 1,402,700 in PPP loans. All of these PPP loans were forgiven in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company is also in the process of trying to raise debt and equity financing, some of which may have to be used for working capital shortfalls if revenues continue to decline. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for a total of 744,260. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for 81,675 and 330,000. In order for us to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements, we will need to obtain additional debt or equity financing and look for companies with cash flow positive operations that we can acquire. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure additional debt or equity financing, that we will be able to acquire cash flow positive operations, or that, if we are successful in any of those actions, those actions will produce adequate cash flow to enable us to meet all our future obligations. Most of our existing financing arrangements are short-term. If we are unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing, we may be required to significantly reduce or cease operations. (REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 59 Table of Contents A summary of material terms of our financing arrangements as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: Balance Rate Due Date Past Due Conversion Secured Third party debt: Loans and advances 844,053 3.76-14 May 2020 to March 2021 59,263 None Company assets Convertible Notes Payable 3,054,869 6-24 (1) 2,908,776 Convertible at 0.15 to 0.25 per share Company stock Factoring Agreements 577,177 30-43 February 2020 to October 2021 577,177 None Receivables Total third party debt 4,476,099 Related party debt: Line of Credit 2,742,929 1 Mo Libor plus 2.0 (2) 2,742,929 None Trucom assets Debt (Matrixsites) 1,550,000 0 (3) None None VuMe Live assets 42 Debt (Lion Phone) 350,000 0 None None None None Debt (Air Fitness)(4) 115,500 -- February 1, 2021 115,500 (6) None Air Fitness assets Convertible Debt 553,100 4-6 Various in 2020 and 2021 553,100 Convertible at 0.15 to 1.00 per share Company assets Shareholder Debt 4,150 0 None None None None Total related party debt 5,315,679 Total financing arrangements 9,791,778 __________ (1) Various dates from December 2019 to June 2020. (2) Subsequently amended to August 31, 2020. (3) Payable 550,000 first proceeds raised by company. Remainder as agreed. (4) Air Fitness debt of 115,000 does not bear interest unless in default, is not convertible, is payable six months from origination (August 1, 2020) or as agreed up by the Company and the former owners (currently non-controlling interest holders) of Air Fitness has a security interest in the assets that were acquired. This Note Payable became delinquent in 2021. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES Revenue Recognition We use the following criteria described below in more detail for each business unit: Identify the contract with the customer . Identify the performance obligations in the contract . Determine the transaction price . Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract . Recognize revenue when or as we satisfy a performance obligation. 60 Table of Contents Reserves are recorded as a reduction in net sales and are not considered material to our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, we invoice our customers for taxes assessed by governmental authorities such as sales tax and value added taxes, where applicable. We present these taxes on a net basis. The Company s revenue generation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 came from the following sources disaggregated by services and products, which sources are explained in detail below. For the year ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 TPT SpeedConnect 5,429,010 7,579,003 Blue Collar 1,522,490 1,545,721 TPT MedTech 89,755 155,919 IST 526,583 Other (1) 186,741 179,757 Total Services Revenues 7,754,579 9,460,400 TPT MedTech Product Revenue 348,676 Air Fitness Product Revenue 82,000 218,013 K Telecom Product Revenue 2,490 Total Product Revenues 82,000 569,179 Total Revenue 7,836,579 10,029,579 ___________ (1) Includes international sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 172,784 and 165,834, respectively, related to TPT Asia. TPT SpeedConnect: ISP and Telecom Revenue TPT SpeedConnect is a rural Internet provider operating in 5 Midwestern States under the trade name SpeedConnect. TPT SC s primary business model is subscription based, pre-paid monthly reoccurring revenues, from wireless delivered, high-speed internet connections. In addition, the company resells third-party satellite and DSL internet and IP telephony services. Revenue generated from sales of telecommunications services is recognized as the transaction with the customer is considered closed and the customer receives and accepts the services that were the result of the transaction. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. Due date is detailed on monthly invoices distributed to customer. Services billed monthly in advance are deferred to the proper period as needed. Deferred revenue are contract liabilities for cash received before performance obligations for monthly services are satisfied. Deferred revenue for TPT SpeedConnect at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are 75,556 and 421,643, respectively. Certain of our products require specialized installation and equipment. For telecom products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue is recognized upon delivery, and installation revenue is recognized when the installation is complete. The Installation Technician collects the signed quote containing terms and conditions when installing the site equipment at customer premises. Revenue for installation services and equipment is billed separately from recurring ISP and telecom services and is recognized when equipment is delivered and installation is completed. Revenue from ISP and telecom services is recognized monthly over the contractual period, or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. The overwhelming majority of our revenue continues to be recognized when transactions occur. Since installation fees are generally small relative to the size of the overall contract and because most contracts are for two years or less, the impact of not recognizing installation fees over the contract is immaterial. Blue Collar: Media Production Services Blue Collar creates original live action and animated content productions and has produced hundreds of hours of material for the television, theatrical, home entertainment and new media markets. Blue Collar designs branding and marketing campaigns and has had agreements with some of the world s largest companies including PepsiCo, Intel, HP, WalMart and many other Fortune 500 companies. Additionally, they create motion picture, television and home entertainment marketing campaigns for studios including Sony, DreamWorks, Twentieth Century Fox, Universal Studios, Paramount Studios, and Warner Brothers. With regard to revenue recognition, Blue Collar receives an agreement from each client to perform defined work. Some agreements are written, some are verbal. Work may include creation of marketing materials and/or content creation. Some work may be short term and take weeks to create and some work may be longer and take months to create. There are instances where customer agreements segregate identifiable obligations (like filming on site vs. film editing and final production) with separate transaction pricing. The performance obligation is generally satisfied upon delivery of such film or production products, at which time revenue is recognized. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. 61 Table of Contents IST: Revenue and Cost Recognition The Company recognizes construction contract revenue over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer. Construction contracts are accounted for as a single unit of account (single performance obligation) and are not segmented between types of services. The Company recognizes revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, progress toward completion of the Company s contracts is measured by the percentage of costs incurred to date to estimate total costs for each contract. The percentage-of-completion method (an input method) is the most faithful depiction of the Company s performance because it directly measures the value of the services transferred to the customer. Provisions are recognized in the statements of income for the full amount of estimated losses on uncompleted contracts whenever evidence indicates that the estimated cost of a contract exceeds its estimated total revenue. Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability, including those arising from contract penalty provisions and final contract settlements may result in revisions to costs and income and are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined. Profit incentives are included in revenues when their realization is reasonably assured. An amount equal to contract cost attributable to claims is included in revenues when realization is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Contract costs include all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs, and depreciation costs. Selling, general, and administrative costs are charged to expense as incurred. The accuracy of revenue and profit recognition in a given period depends on the accuracy of estimates of the cost to complete each project. Cost estimates for all significant projects use a detailed bottom up approach, and management believes that their experience allows them to create materially reliable estimates. There are a number of factors that can contribute to changes in estimates of contract cost and profitability. The most significant of these include: the completeness and accuracy of the original bid; costs associated with scope changes; costs of labor and/or materials; extended overhead and other costs due to owner, weather, and other delays; subcontractor performance issues; changes in productivity expectations; site conditions that differ from those assumed in the original bid (to the extend contract remedies are unavailable); the availability and skill level of workers in the geographic location of the project; a change in the availability and proximity of equipment and materials; and the ability to fully and promptly recover on claims for additional contract costs. The foregoing factors, as well as the stage of completion of contracts in process and the mix of contracts at different margins, may cause fluctuations in gross profit between periods. Significant changes in cost estimates, particularly in larger, more complex projects have had, and can in future periods have, a significant effect on profitability. Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings, represent unbilled amounts earned and reimbursable under contracts. These amounts become billable according to the contract terms, which usually consider the passage of time, achievement of milestones or completion of the project. Generally, such unbilled amounts will be billed and collected over the next twelve months. Based on historical experience, management generally considers the collection risk related to these amounts to be low. When events or conditions indicate that the amounts outstanding may become uncollectible, an allowance is estimated and recorded. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings, is comprised of cash collected from customers and billings to customers on contracts in advance of work performed, including advance payments negotiated as a contract condition. Generally, unearned project-related costs will be earned over the next twelve months. TPT MedTech: Medical Testing Revenue TPT MedTech operates in the Point of Care Testing POCT market by primarily offering mobile medical testing facilities and software equipped for mobile devices to monitor and manage personalized healthcare. Services used from our mobile medical testing facilities are billing through credit cards at the time of service. Revenue is generated from our software platform as users sign up for our mobile healthcare monitor and management application and tests are performed. If medical testing is in one of our owned facilities, the usage of the software application is included in the testing fees. If the testing is in a non-owned outside contracted facility, fees are generated from the usage of the software application on a per test basis and billed monthly. 62 Table of Contents TPT MedTech also offers various products. One is to build and sell its mobile testing facilities called QuikLABs designed for mobile testing. This is used by TPT MedTech for its own testing services. Another is to build customized mobile gyms for exercising. This is sold to third parties. Another is medical equipment, one of which is a sanitizing unit called SANIQuik which is used as a safe and flexible way to sanitize providing an additional routine to hand washing and facial coverings. The SANIQuik has not yet been approved for sale in the United States but has in some parts of the European community. Revenues from these products are recognized when a product is delivered, the sales transaction considered closed and accepted by a customer. When deposits are received for which a product has not been delivered, it is recognized as deferred revenue. Deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 41,000, respectively. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices for either of these products. SDM: Ecommerce, Email Marketing and Web Design Services SDM generates revenue by providing ecommerce, email marketing and web design solutions to small and large commercial businesses, complete with monthly software support, updates and maintenance. Services are billed monthly. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. Platform infrastructure support is a prepaid service billed in monthly recurring increments. The services are billed a month in advance and due prior to services being rendered. The revenue is deferred when invoiced and booked in the month the service is provided. There is no deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Software support services (including software upgrades) are billed in real time, on the first of the month. Web design service revenues are recognized upon completion of specific projects. Revenue is booked in the month the services are rendered and payments are due on the final day of the month. There are usually no contract revenues that are deferred until services are performed. K Telecom: Prepaid Phones and SIM Cards Revenue K Telecom generates revenue from reselling prepaid phones, SIM cards, and rechargeable minute traffic for prepaid phones to its customers (primarily retail outlets). Product sales occur at the customer s locations, at which time delivery occurs and cash or check payment is received. The Company recognizes the revenue when they receive payment at the time of delivery. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. Copperhead Digital: ISP and Telecom Revenue Copperhead Digital operated as a regional internet and telecom services provider operating in Arizona under the trade name Trucom. Although there are currently no customers and it will take capital to reopen this revenue stream, Copperhead Digital operated as a wireless telecommunications Internet Service Provider ISP facilitating both residential and commercial accounts. Copperhead Digital s primary business model was subscription based, pre-paid monthly reoccurring revenues, from wireless delivered, high-speed internet connections. In addition, the company resold third-party satellite and DSL internet and IP telephony services. Revenue generated from sales of telecommunications services was recognized as the transaction with the customer is considered closed and the customer received and accepted the services that were the result of the transaction. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. Due date was detailed on monthly invoices distributed to customer. Services billed monthly in advance were deferred to the proper period as needed. Deferred revenue was contract liabilities for cash received before performance obligations for monthly services are satisfied. Certain of its products required specialized installation and equipment. For telecom products that included installation, if the installation met the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue was recognized upon delivery, and installation revenue was recognized when the installation was complete. The Installation Technician collected the signed quote containing terms and conditions when installing the site equipment at customer premises. Revenue for installation services and equipment was billed separately from recurring ISP and telecom services and was recognized when equipment was delivered, and installation was completed. Revenue from ISP and telecom services was recognized monthly over the contractual period, or as services were rendered and accepted by the customer. The overwhelming majority of revenue was recognized when transactions occurred. Since installation fees were generally small relative to the size of the overall contract and because most contracts were for a year or less, the impact of not recognizing installation fees over the contract was immaterial. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. The Company s consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments that management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented. 63 Table of Contents Share-based Compensation We are required to measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payment awards (including stock options) made to employees and directors based on estimated fair value. Compensation expense for equity-classified awards is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense in earnings over the requisite service period. We record compensation expense related to non-employees that are awarded stock in conjunction with selling goods or services and recognize compensation expenses over the vesting period of such awards. In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07, Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. This ASU requires that most of the guidance related to stock compensation granted to employees be followed for non-employees, including the measurement date, valuation approach, and performance conditions. The expense is recognized in the same period as though cash were paid for the good or service. The effective date is the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, with early adoption permitted, including in interim periods. The ASU has been adopted using a modified-retrospective transition approach. The adoption is not considered to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in our income tax provision in the period of enactment. We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations, including taxable income in carryback periods. If we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce our income tax provision. We account for uncertain tax positions using a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold. We evaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis and consider various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in tax law, the measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, the effective settlement of matters subject to audit, new audit activity and changes in facts or circumstances related to a tax position. During November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, ASU 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes. ASU 2015-17 requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as non-current in a statement of financial position. We adopted ASU 2015-17 effective December 31, 2015. It is our policy to record costs associated with interest and penalties related to tax in the selling, general and administrative line of the consolidated statements of operations. Goodwill Goodwill relates to amounts that arose in connection with our various business combinations and represents the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible net assets when accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Goodwill is not amortized, but it is subject to periodic review for impairment. We test goodwill balances for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31st or whenever impairment indicators arise. We utilize several reporting units in evaluating goodwill for impairment using a quantitative assessment, which uses a combination of a guideline public company market-based approach and a discounted cash flow income-based approach. The quantitative assessment considers whether the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, in which case an impairment charge is recorded to the extent the reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value. Based on our impairment testing, we recorded impairment charges of 104,657 and 663,434 of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 64 Table of Contents Intangible Assets Our intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships, developed technology, favorable leases, trademarks and the film library. The majority of our intangible assets were recorded in connection with our various business combinations. Our intangible assets are recorded at fair value at the time of their acquisition. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful life on a straight-line basis. Estimated useful lives are determined considering the period the assets are expected to contribute to future cash flows. We evaluate the recoverability of our intangible assets periodically and take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate impairment exists. Business Acquisitions Our business acquisitions have historically been made at prices above the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, resulting in goodwill or some identifiable intangible asset. Significant judgment is required in estimating the fair value of intangible assets and in assigning their respective useful lives. The fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on future expectations and assumptions deemed reasonable by management but are inherently uncertain. We generally employ the income method to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. Significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the valuations reflect a consideration of other marketplace participants and include the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates and profitability), the underlying product life cycles, economic barriers to entry, a brand s relative market position and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions. Net assets acquired are recorded at their fair value and are subject to adjustment upon finalization of the fair value analysis. Long-Lived Assets We periodically review the carrying amount of our depreciable long-lived assets for impairment which include property and equipment, intangible assets and right of use assets. An asset is considered impaired when estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. In the event the carrying amount of such asset is not considered recoverable, the asset is adjusted to its fair value. Fair value is generally determined based on discounted future cash flow. As of December 31, 2022, we adjusted the net book values of the equipment of TPT SpeedConnect, all intangibles, and the right of use assets as it became doubtful given that the estimated future cash flows would recover the net book values. We recorded impairment expenses of 7,283,276 for the year ended December 31, 2022 comprised of 954,119 for property and equipment, 3,000,013 for intangibles, 3,224,487 for right of use assets and 104,657 for good will. Leases In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) and subsequent amendments to the initial guidance: ASU 2017-13, ASU 2018-10, ASU 2018-11, ASU 2018-20 and ASU 2019-01 (collectively, Topic 842). Topic 842 requires lessees to classify leases as either finance or operating leases and to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term greater than 12 months regardless of the lease classification. We adopted Topic 842 using the effective date, January 2019, as the date of our initial application of the standard. Consequently, financial information for the comparative periods has been updated. Our finance and operating lease commitments are subject to the new standard, and we recognize as finance and operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets. Research and Development Our research and development programs focus on telecommunications products and services. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Any payments received from external parties to fund our research and development activities reduce the recorded research and development expenses. 65 Table of Contents Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earning per Share . ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholder (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares that were potentially common stock equivalents as follows: Convertible Promissory Notes 3,787,362,740 Series A Preferred Stock (1) 12,610,847,082 Series B Preferred Stock 2,588,693 Series D Preferred Stock (2) 74,998,392 Series E Preferred Stock (3) 3,285,381,029 Stock Options and Warrants 129,116,666 19,890,294,603 _______________ 1. As of December 31, 2022, by amendment, holder of the Series A Preferred Stock which is Stephen J. Thomas, is guaranteed upon date of conversion to 60 of the common shares computed to include all projected conversions of all convertible debt and any other classes of Preferred Stock as if the conversions had taken place at the stated conversion price per share (i.e. for the avoidance of doubt fully diluted as if such conversion had occurred prior to the Series A conversion.) The Company would have to authorize additional shares for this to occur as only 4,500,000,000 shares are currently authorized. 2. Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock may decide after 12 months to convert to common stock @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. There is also an automatic conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series D Preferred shall be @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. 3. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock may decide after 12 months to convert to common stock @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. There is also an automatic conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series E Preferred shall be @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into 5.00. In the event of default under some of the notes, the conversion rates change significantly, allowing certain noteholders to convert at a greater discount to the market, which results in amounts of issuable shares which cannot be determined at this time. An estimate of the issuable shares is reflected below. Derivative Financial Instruments Derivative financial instruments, as defined in ASC 815, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities , consist of financial instruments or other contracts that contain a notional amount and one or more underlying (e.g. interest rate, security price or other variable), require no initial net investment and permit net settlement. Derivative financial instruments may be free-standing or embedded in other financial instruments. Further, derivative financial instruments are initially, and subsequently, measured at fair value and recorded as liabilities or, in rare instances, assets. The Company does not use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to cash-flow, market or foreign-currency risks. However, the Company had issued financial instruments including convertible promissory notes payable with features during 2019 that were either (i) not afforded equity classification, (ii) embody risks not clearly and closely related to host contracts, or (iii) may be net-cash settled by the counterparty. As required by ASC 815, in certain instances, these instruments are required to be carried as derivative liabilities, at fair value, in our financial statements. The Company estimates the fair values of derivative financial instruments using the Monte Carlo model. Estimating fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the development of significant and subjective estimates (such as volatility, estimated life and interest rates) that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. In addition, option-based techniques are highly volatile and sensitive to changes in the trading market price of our common stock, which has a high-historical volatility. Since derivative financial instruments are initially and subsequently carried at fair values, the Company s operating results will reflect the volatility in these estimate and assumption changes. The Company issued convertible promissory notes which are convertible into common stock, at holders option, at a discount to the market price of the Company s common stock. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to these notes relating to certain anti-dilutive (reset) provisions. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of debenture and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. 66 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022, the Company marked to market the fair value of the debt derivatives and determined a fair value of 4,822,398 4,634,653 from the convertible notes and 187,745 from the warrants) in Note 8. The Company recorded an expense of 650,071 and 1,140,323 from change in fair value of debt derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of the embedded derivatives was determined using Monte Carlo simulation method based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0 , (2) expected volatility of 215.6 to 267.8 , (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 4.11 to 4.76 (4) expected life of 0.50 to 4.08 years, and (5) the quoted market price of 0.002 for the Company s common stock. COVID-19 In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged and has subsequently spread worldwide. The World Health Organization has declared COVID-19 a pandemic resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, stay at home orders and advisories and quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus. After close monitoring and responses and guidance from federal, state and local governments, in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, for a period of time, the Company closed certain offices, all of which have be subsequently reopened. The Company continues to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations at the national, state, and local level to evaluate possible extensions to all or part of such closures. The Company has taken advantage of the stimulus offerings and received 1,402,700 in PPP loans. All of these PPP loans were forgiven in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company is also in the process of trying to raise debt and equity financing, some of which may have to be used for working capital shortfalls if revenues continue to decline. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for a total of 744,260. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for 81,675 and 330,000. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 67 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. TPT GLOBAL TECH, INC. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID: F-1 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS F-5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS F-7 CONSLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT F-8 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-9 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-11 F-39 68 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of TPT Global Tech, Inc.: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TPT Global Tech, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Determination and Valuation of Derivative Liabilities Critical Audit Matter Description As described further in Note 6 of the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and in prior periods, the Company issued convertible notes and warrants that required management to assess whether the conversion features of the convertible notes required bifurcation and separate valuation as a derivative liability and whether the warrants required accounting as derivative liabilities. The Company determined that the conversion features of certain of its convertible notes and certain warrants issued in financing arrangements required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities due to: (1) certain conversion features did not contain an explicit limit on the number of shares to be delivered in share settlement; and (2) the fact the Company could not assert it had sufficient authorized but unissued shares available to settle certain instruments considering all other stock-based commitments. The derivative liabilities were recorded at fair value when issued and subsequently re-measured to fair value upon settlement or at the end of each reporting period. The Company utilized valuation models to determine the fair value of the derivative liabilities depending on the features embedded in the instruments. These models use certain assumptions related to exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. F-1 Table of Contents We identified auditing the determination and valuation of the derivative liabilities as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements used by the Company in determining whether the embedded conversion features and warrants required derivative accounting treatment and the significant judgements used in determining the fair value of the derivative liabilities. Auditing the determination and valuation of the derivative liabilities involved a high degree of auditor judgement, and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the following: We inspected and reviewed debt agreements, warrant agreements, conversion notices, and settlement agreements to evaluate the Company's determination of whether derivative accounting was required, including assessing and evaluating management's application of relevant accounting standards to such transactions. We evaluated the reasonableness and appropriateness of the choice of valuation model used for each specific derivative instrument. We tested the reasonableness of the assumptions used by the Company in the valuation models, including exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. We tested the accuracy and completeness of data used by the Company in developing the assumptions used in the valuation models. We developed an independent expectation for comparison to the Company's estimate, which included developing our own valuation model and assumptions. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the valuation models deployed by management. Modification of Series A Preferred Stock Critical Audit Matter Description As described further in Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company modified previously issued 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The modification consisted of amending the conversion feature so that the 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 60 of the Company s common shares including presumed hypothetical of conversion of all convertible debt and any other classes of preferred stock outstanding at such time of conversion. In addition, the voting rights of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be determined using the same formula. The Company accounted for this modification as an extinguishment, determined the fair value of the Series A Preferred Stock was 42,983,742 and recognized a deemed dividend of 39,866,742. The Company utilized a Monte Carlo based valuation model to determine the fair value of the Series A Preferred Stock. We identified auditing the determination of the appropriate accounting and valuation of the modified Series A Preferred Stock as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements used by the Company in determining the appropriate accounting and fair value. Auditing the accounting determination and valuation involved a high degree of auditor judgement, and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. F-2 Table of Contents How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the following: We inspected and reviewed the Series A Preferred Stock amendment to evaluate the Company's determination of whether extinguishment accounting was required, including assessing and evaluating the application of relevant accounting standards to such transactions. We evaluated the reasonableness and appropriateness of the choice of valuation model used for this instrument. We tested the reasonableness of the assumptions used by the Company in the valuation model, including, but not limited to, exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. We tested the accuracy and completeness of data used by the Company in developing the assumptions used in the valuation models, including the accuracy and completeness of outstanding convertible debt and preferred stock instruments. We developed an independent expectation for comparison to the Company's estimate, which included developing our own valuation model and assumptions. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the valuation models deployed by management. Valuation of Series E Preferred Stock Critical Audit Matter Description As described further in Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued Series E Preferred Stock to settle certain liabilities. The Company recognized the Series E Preferred Stock at its fair value of 13,344,101 which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of liabilities of 10,987,307. The Company utilized a Monte Carlo based valuation model to determine the fair value of the Series E Preferred Stock. We identified auditing the valuation of the modified Series E Preferred Stock as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements used by the Company in determining the fair value of the instrument. Auditing the accounting determination and valuation involved a high degree of auditor judgement, and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. F-3 Table of Contents How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the following: We inspected and reviewed the Series E Preferred Stock certificate of designation to evaluate the Company's determination of accounting for the instrument, including assessing and evaluating the application of relevant accounting standards to such transactions. We evaluated the reasonableness and appropriateness of the choice of valuation model used for this instrument. We tested the reasonableness of the assumptions used by the Company in the valuation model, including, but not limited to, exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. We tested the accuracy and completeness of data used by the Company in developing the assumptions used in the valuation model. We developed an independent expectation for comparison to the Company's estimate, which included developing our own valuation model and assumptions. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the valuation models deployed by management. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. May 16, 2023 F-4 Table of Contents TPT Global Tech, Inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS December 31, 2022 2021 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable related party Notes receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets NON-CURRENT ASSETS Property and equipment, net Operating lease right of use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deposits and other assets Total non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue Customer liability Current portion of loans, advances and factoring agreements Current portion of convertible notes payable, net of discounts Notes payable related parties, net of discounts Current portion of convertible notes payable related party, net of discounts Derivative liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Financing lease liabilities Financing lease liability related party Total current liabilities NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES Long term portion: Loans, advances and factoring agreements, net of current portion and discounts Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents TPT Global Tech, Inc. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS - CONTINUED December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 MEZZANINE EQUITY Convertible Preferred Series A, designated - shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Convertible Preferred Series B, designated - shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Convertible Preferred Series C shares designated, zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Convertible Preferred Series D shares designated, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Convertible Preferred Series E shares designated, and zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Total mezzanine equity STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIT Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Subscriptions payable Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stockholders deficit Non-controlling interests Total stockholders' deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents TPT Global Tech, Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Products Services Total Revenues COST OF SALES: Products Services Total Costs of Sales Gross profit OPERATING EXPENSES: Sales and marketing Professional Payroll and related General and administrative Research and development Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets Depreciation Amortization Total operating expenses Loss from operations OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Derivative expense (Loss) gain on debt extinguishment Interest expense Other income (loss), net Total other income (expense) Net loss before income taxes Income taxes Net loss before non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss after non-controlling interests Deemed dividend related to modification of series A Preferred Stock Net loss attributable to TPT Global Tech, Inc. Shareholders Loss per common share-basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding-basic and diluted See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents TPT Global Tech, Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common Stock Subscriptions Additional Paid-in Accumulated Non- Controlling Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Payable Capital Deficit Interest Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2020 Common stock issued for services Equity interest in QuikLABS issued for cash Refund of equity interest in QuikLABS Common shares issued in exchange for debt Common shares issued for cash TPT Strategic license cancellation Net Loss Balance as of December 31, 2021 Common stock subscribed for services or subscription payable Acquisition of IST --- Common shares issued in exchange for debt Modification of Series A Preferred Stock Net Loss Balance as of December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents TPT Global Tech, Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Debt discount amortization and other financing costs Promissory note issued for research and development Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment ) Gain on disposition of assets Loss on disposal of property and equipment Derivative expense Loss on impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets Common stock subscribed for services Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Accounts receivable related party Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other liabilities Net change in operating lease assets and liabilities Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of property and equipment, net of sales Insurance proceeds from property and equipment Payment for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from sale of non-controlling interests in QuikLABS, net Proceeds from sales of Series D Preferred Stock Proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from convertible notes payable, loans and advances and factoring agreements Payments on convertible notes payable, loans, advances and factoring agreements Payments on convertible notes and amounts payable related parties Payments on financing lease liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net change in cash ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-9 Table of Contents TPT Global Tech, Inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash used for: 2022 2021 Interest expense Taxes Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activity: 2022 2021 Debt discount on convertible promissory notes Common stock issued for conversion of convertible notes InnovaQor Merger- non controlling interest Series E Preferred stock issued in exchange for debt and payables Deemed dividend related to modification of Series A Preferred Stock See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F-10 Table of Contents TPT GLOBAL TECH, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 shares of Common Stock, or ownership, to the owners of TPT Global, Inc. in exchange for all outstanding common stock of TPT Global Inc. and Ally Pharma agreed to change its name to TPT Global Tech, Inc. (jointly referred to as the Company or TPTG ). The following acquisitions have resulted in entities which have been consolidated into TPTG since the reverse merger in 2014. We are based in San Diego, California, and operate as a technology-based company with divisions providing telecommunications, medical technology and product distribution, media content for domestic and international syndication as well as technology solutions. We operate on our own proprietary Global Digital Media TV and Telecommunications infrastructure platform and also provide technology solutions to businesses domestically and worldwide. We offer Software as a Service (SaaS), Technology Platform as a Service (PAAS), Cloud-based Unified Communication as a Service (UCaaS) and carrier-grade performance and support for businesses over our private IP MPLS fiber and wireless network in the United States. Our cloud-based UCaaS services allow businesses of any size to enjoy all the latest voice, data, media and collaboration features in today's global technology markets. We also operate as a Master Distributor for Nationwide Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNO) and Independent Sales Organization (ISO) as a Master Distributor for Pre-Paid Cellphone services, Mobile phones, Cellphone Accessories and Global Roaming Cellphones. F-11 Table of Contents SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Use of Estimates Reclassifications previously classified as Prepaid expenses and other current assets was reclassified as Accounts receivable related party. Revenue Recognition Blue Collar TPT MedTech IST Other (1) Total Services Revenues TPT MedTech Product Revenue Air Fitness Product Revenue K Telecom Product Revenue Total Product Revenues Total Revenue ____________ (1) Includes international sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of and , respectively, related to TPT Asia. F-12 Table of Contents and , respectively. Certain of our products require specialized installation and equipment. For telecom products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue is recognized upon delivery, and installation revenue is recognized when the installation is complete. The Installation Technician collects the signed quote containing terms and conditions when installing the site equipment at customer premises. Revenue for installation services and equipment is billed separately from recurring ISP and telecom services and is recognized when equipment is delivered and installation is completed. Revenue from ISP and telecom services is recognized monthly over the contractual period, or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. The overwhelming majority of our revenue continues to be recognized when transactions occur. Since installation fees are generally small relative to the size of the overall contract and because most contracts are for two years or less, the impact of not recognizing installation fees over the contract is immaterial. Blue Collar: Media Production Services Blue Collar creates original live action and animated content productions and has produced hundreds of hours of material for the television, theatrical, home entertainment and new media markets. Blue Collar designs branding and marketing campaigns and has had agreements with some of the world s largest companies including PepsiCo, Intel, HP, WalMart and many other Fortune 500 companies. Additionally, they create motion picture, television and home entertainment marketing campaigns for studios including Sony, DreamWorks, Twentieth Century Fox, Universal Studios, Paramount Studios, and Warner Brothers. With regard to revenue recognition, Blue Collar receives an agreement from each client to perform defined work. Some agreements are written, some are verbal. Work may include creation of marketing materials and/or content creation. Some work may be short term and take weeks to create and some work may be longer and take months to create. There are instances where customer agreements segregate identifiable obligations (like filming on site vs. film editing and final production) with separate transaction pricing. The performance obligation is generally satisfied upon delivery of such film or production products, at which time revenue is recognized. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. IST: Revenue and Cost Recognition The Company recognizes construction contract revenue over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, due to the continuous transfer of control to the customer. Construction contracts are accounted for as a single unit of account (single performance obligation) and are not segmented between types of services. The Company recognizes revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, progress toward completion of the Company s contracts is measured by the percentage of costs incurred to date to estimate total costs for each contract. The percentage-of-completion method (an input method) is the most faithful depiction of the Company s performance because it directly measures the value of the services transferred to the customer. Provisions are recognized in the statements of income for the full amount of estimated losses on uncompleted contracts whenever evidence indicates that the estimated cost of a contract exceeds its estimated total revenue. Changes in job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability, including those arising from contract penalty provisions and final contract settlements may result in revisions to costs and income and are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined. Profit incentives are included in revenues when their realization is reasonably assured. An amount equal to contract cost attributable to claims is included in revenues when realization is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Contract costs include all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs, and depreciation costs. Selling, general, and administrative costs are charged to expense as incurred. F-13 Table of Contents and , respectively. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices for either of these products. SDM: Ecommerce, Email Marketing and Web Design Services SDM generates revenue by providing ecommerce, email marketing and web design solutions to small and large commercial businesses, complete with monthly software support, updates and maintenance. Services are billed monthly. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. Platform infrastructure support is a prepaid service billed in monthly recurring increments. The services are billed a month in advance and due prior to services being rendered. The revenue is deferred when invoiced and booked in the month the service is provided. There is no deferred revenue at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Software support services (including software upgrades) are billed in real time, on the first of the month. Web design service revenues are recognized upon completion of specific projects. Revenue is booked in the month the services are rendered and payments are due on the final day of the month. There are usually no contract revenues that are deferred until services are performed. K Telecom: Prepaid Phones and SIM Cards Revenue K Telecom generates revenue from reselling prepaid phones, SIM cards, and rechargeable minute traffic for prepaid phones to its customers (primarily retail outlets). Product sales occur at the customer s locations, at which time delivery occurs and cash or check payment is received. The Company recognizes the revenue when they receive payment at the time of delivery. There are no financing terms or variable transaction prices. F-14 Table of Contents Cost of Sales Share-based Compensation Income Taxes F-15 Table of Contents Accounts and Notes Receivable and , respectively. Receivables are charged off when collection efforts cease. Property and Equipment years, telecommunications equipment - to years, and computers and office equipment - years. Goodwill and of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Intangible Assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Business Acquisitions F-16 Table of Contents for the year ended December 31, 2022 comprised of for property and equipment, for intangibles, for right of use assets and 104,657 for goodwill. Leases Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share Series A Preferred Stock (1) Series B Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock Series E Preferred Stock Stock Options and warrants _____________________ (1) As of December 31, 2022, by amendment, holder of the Series A Preferred Stock which is Stephen J. Thomas, is guaranteed upon date of conversion to of the common shares computed to include all projected conversions of all convertible debt and any other classes of Preferred Stock as if the conversions had taken place at the stated conversion price per share (i.e. for the avoidance of doubt fully diluted as if such conversion had occurred prior to the Series A conversion.) The Company would have to authorize additional shares for this to occur as only shares are authorized as of December 31, 2022 and subsequently. Concentration of Credit Risk, Off-Balance Sheet Risks and Other Risks and Uncertainties , respectively, of our aggregate accounts receivable from revenues. F-17 Table of Contents Fair value of Warrants issued with the derivative instruments Research and Development Advertising Costs Derivative Financial Instruments F-18 Table of Contents Sequencing Policy COVID-19 in PPP loans. All of these PPP loans were forgiven in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company is also in the process of trying to raise debt and equity financing, some of which may have to be used for working capital shortfalls if revenues continue to decline. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for a total of . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for and . Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Preferred Series B shares of TPT Strategic that will convert to a ownership of TPT Strategic under certain conditions. The acquisition includes the assumption of all assets and certain liabilities. Everett Lanier will remain as the President and will become a Board Member of TPT Strategic. F-19 Table of Contents Credit cards assumed Preferred shares of TPT Strategic Assets acquired at fair value: Working capital Property and equipment Note receivable - related party Other assets Revenue and net income contributed by IST since date of acquisition was and ), respectively. Had the acquisition of IST occurred on January 1, 2021, unaudited proforma results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 would be as follows: Cost of Sales Gross Profit Expenses Other income (expense) Net Loss Loss per share TPT Strategic Merger with Education System Management, Inc. TPT Strategic previously entered into a merger agreement with Education System Management, Inc. EDSM which was contingent on EDSM completing an audit in six months, which EDSM did not complete. TPT Acquisition of Property for Smart City Concept , with the Gray Family Limited Partnership and Lakeside Ranch, Inc. comprised of one approximate 45 acre parcel along Tuskegee Lake and the second an approximate 85 acre parcel along route 80 heading to Auburn, Alabama. Per the agreements, TPT Global Tech will be paying approximately for the properties, of which it paid a combined in down payments. The Company had until November 11, 2022 to close the transactions including paying the remainder of the purchase price. This did not happen, and the Company is in negotiations to finance this with a bank of which the Gray Family has verbally said they would honor. Closing of the transactions are subject to the validity of the verbal commitment and obtaining financing, all surveys and finalizing master plans for the kick-off the Company s Smart City project. and , respectively, in losses, and we used and , respectively, in cash for operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We calculate the net cash used by operating activities by decreasing, or increasing in case of gain, our let loss by those items that do not require the use of cash such as depreciation, amortization, promissory note issued for research and development, note payable issued for legal fees, derivative expense or gain, gain on extinguishment of debt, loss on conversion of notes payable, impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets and share-based compensation which totaled to a net for 2022 and ) for 2021. F-20 Table of Contents primarily from an increase in accounts payable from lag of payments for accounts payable for cash flow considerations and an increase in the balances from our operating lease liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we had a net increase to our assets and liabilities of for similar reasons. Cash flows from financing activities were ) and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 30, 2022, these cash flows were generated from proceeds from convertible notes, loans and advances of offset by payment on convertible loans, advances and factoring agreements of and payments on convertible notes and amounts payable related parties of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, these cash flows were generated from the sale of Series D Preferred Stock, common stock subscriptions of , proceeds from convertible notes, loans and advances of offset by payment on convertible loans, advances and factoring agreements of and payments on convertible notes and amounts payable related parties of 64,480. Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities were ) and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily related to the acquisition of property and equipment and the purchase of IST. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged and has subsequently spread worldwide. The World Health Organization has declared COVID-19 a pandemic resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, stay at home orders and advisories and quarantining of people who may have been exposed to the virus. After close monitoring and responses and guidance from federal, state and local governments, in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, for a period of time, the Company closed certain offices, all of which have be subsequently reopened. The Company continues to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations at the national, state, and local level to evaluate possible extensions to all or part of such closures. The Company has taken advantage of the stimulus offerings and received in PPP loans. All of these PPP loans were forgiven in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company is also in the process of trying to raise debt and equity financing, some of which may have to be used for working capital shortfalls if revenues continue to decline. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for a total of 744,260. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into convertible promissory notes for and . In order for us to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements, we will need to obtain additional debt or equity financing and look for companies with cash flow positive operations that we can acquire. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure additional debt or equity financing, that we will be able to acquire cash flow positive operations, or that, if we are successful in any of those actions, those actions will produce adequate cash flow to enable us to meet all our future obligations. Most of our existing financing arrangements are short-term. If we are unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing, we may be required to significantly reduce or cease operations. Medical equipment Office furniture and equipment Total Property and equipment Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net F-21 Table of Contents and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Approximately of property and equipment, included herein, were financed through a financing lease. See Note 9. We periodically review the carrying amount of our depreciable long-lived assets for impairment which include property and equipment, intangible assets and right of use assets. An asset is considered impaired when estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. In the event the carrying amount of such asset is not considered recoverable, the asset is adjusted to its fair value. Fair value is generally determined based on discounted future cash flow. As of December 31, 2022, we adjusted the net book values of the equipment of TPT SpeedConnect, all intangibles, and the right of use assets as it became doubtful given that the estimated future cash flows would recover the net book values. We recorded impairment expenses of for the year ended December 31, 2022 comprised of for property and equipment, for intangibles, for right of use assets and for goodwill. The Company recognized a gain of during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily from a theft of equipment that occurred. The gain represented the cash received from insurance carrier over the net book value on the books at the time of the theft. Convertible notes payable (2) Factoring agreements (3) Debt third party Line of credit, related party secured by assets (4) Debt other related party, net of discounts (5) Convertible debt related party (6) Shareholder debt (7) Debt related party Total financing arrangements Less current portion: Loans, advances and factoring agreements third party Convertible notes payable third party Debt related party, net of discount Convertible notes payable related party Total long term debt _____________________________ (1) The terms of of this balance are similar to that of the as of December 31, 2022, and is secured by assets of the Company, was due August 31, 2020, as amended, and included stock options as part of the terms which options expired December 31, 2019 (see Note 7). is a bank loan dated May 28, 2019 which as of December 31, 2022 and, as amended, is interest only through May 1 2023 at which time the monthly payment of principal and interest of is required until the due date of May 1, 2024. The bank loan is collateralized by assets of the Company. On June 4, 2019, the Company consummated a Securities Purchase Agreement with Odyssey Capital Funding, LLC. Odyssey for the purchase of a Convertible Promissory Note Odyssey Convertible Promissory Note ). The Odyssey Convertible Promissory Note was due June 3, 2020, paid per annum and gave the holder the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning six months from the issuance date to convert all of the outstanding balance into common stock of the Company limited to 4.99 of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Through June 3, 2020, Odyssey converted of principal and of accrued interest into shares of common stock of the Company. On June 8, 2020, Odyssey agreed to convert the remaining principal and accrued interest balance on the Odyssey Convertible Promissory Note of and , respectively, to a term loan payable in six months in the form of a balloon payment, earlier if the Company has a funding event, During April 2022, Odyssey accepted to exchange all of its outstanding principal and interest of into of TPT Series E Preferred Shares. F-22 Table of Contents outstanding Series A Preferred shares of InnovaQor, Inc., our majority owned subsidiary, in an agreed amount of in cash or common stock, if not paid in cash, at the five day average price preceding the date of the request for effectiveness after the filing of a registration statement on Form S-1. This was modified December 28 and 29, 2020, to provide for registration of common shares for resale at the market price. Any balance due on notes will be calculated after an accounting for the net sales proceeds from sale of the stock by February 28, 2021 and may be paid in cash or stock thereafter. The Series A Preferred shares are being purchased from the Michael A. Littman, Atty. Defined Benefit Plan. The is included as a Note Payable as of December 31, 2020 and bears no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, it was determined the there was a deficiency of approximately from net sales proceeds which is accounted for in accounts payable. At December 31, 2022, IST had a line of credit agreement with a bank in the amount of 350,000. At December 31, 2022, this line had an outstanding balance of . The line bears interest at prime plus . The line is automatically renewed annually and any drawn amounts are due on demand. At December 31, 2022, IST had a second line of credit agreement with a bank in the amount of . At December 31, 2022, this line had an outstanding balance of . The line bears interest at prime plus . The line is automatically renewed annually and any drawn amounts are due on demand. The remaining balances generally bear interest at approximately , have maturity dates that are due on demand or are past due, are unsecured and are classified as current in the balance sheets. (2) During 2017, the Company issued convertible promissory notes in the amount of (comprised of from two related parties and from a former officer of CDH), all which were due May 1, 2020 and The convertible promissory notes are convertible, as amended, at per share. These convertible promissory notes were not repaid May 1, 2020, and are delinquent. The Company is working to renegotiate these promissory notes. On March 25, 2019, the Company consummated a Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 18, 2019 with Auctus Fund, LLC. Auctus for the purchase of a Convertible Promissory Note Auctus Convertible Promissory Note ). The Auctus Convertible Promissory Note is due December 18, 2019, pays per annum and gives the holder the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning 180 days from the origination date or at the effective date of the registration of the underlying shares of common stock, which the holder has registration rights for, to convert all of the outstanding balance into common stock of the Company limited to 4.99 of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Auctus converted of principal and of accrued interest into shares of common stock of the Company prior to December 31, 2020. warrants were issued in conjunction with the issuance of this debt. Pursuant to claims by Auctus that the Company had not complied with terms of the Auctus Convertible Promissory Note, The Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of when this Auctus Convertible Promissory Note was paid off in large part because of the related derivative liability on the books at the time of the settlement. See Note 8. On June 11, 2019, the Company consummated a Securities Purchase Agreement with EMA Financial, LLC. EMA for the purchase of a Convertible Promissory Note EMA Convertible Promissory Note ). The EMA Convertible Promissory Note is due June 11, 2020, pays per annum and gives the holder the right from time to time to convert all of the outstanding balance into common stock of the Company limited to 4.99 of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Prior to December 31, 2020, EMA converted of principal into shares of common stock of the Company. As such, the principal and accrued interest balances owning to EMA at December 31, 2022 is and , respectively. warrants were issued in conjunction with the issuance of this debt. See Note 8. See below regarding derivative securities in default. F-23 Table of Contents and a securities purchase agreement FirstFire Note ). The FirstFire Note has an original issue discount of and bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exercised its right to convert of principal into shares of common shares leaving a principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 of in principal and in accrued interest. See below regarding derivative securities in default. On October 13, 2021, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Cavalry Investment Fund LP entered into a convertible promissory note totaling and a securities purchase agreement Cavalry Investment Note ). The Cavalry Investment Note has an original issue discount of and bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exercised its right to convert of principal into shares of common stock leaving a principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 of and , respectively. See below regarding derivative securities in default. On October 13, 2021, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Cavalry Fund I, LP entered into a convertible promissory note totaling and a securities purchase agreement Cavalry Fund I Note ). The Cavalry Fund I Note has an original issue discount of and bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exercised its right to convert of principal and penalties into shares of common stock leaving a principal and accrued interest balance at December 31, 2022 of and . See below regarding derivative securities in default. On January 31, 2022, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Talos Victory Fund, LLC entered into a convertible promissory note totaling and a securities purchase agreement Talos Note ). The Talos Note is due twelve months from funding, has an original issue discount of and interest rate at per annum (default, as defined, at ). . The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Talos exercised its right to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock leaving a zero balance of principal and accrued interest. See below regarding derivative securities in default. F-24 Table of Contents and a securities purchase agreement Blue Lake Note ). The Blue Lake Note is due twelve months from funding, has an original issue discount of and interest rate at per annum (default, as defined, at ). . The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Blue Lake exercised its right to convert of principal, interest and penalties into of common shares leaving a balance of in principal and of accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. See below regarding derivative securities in default. On June 13, 2022, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC entered into a promissory note agreement (1800 Diagonal Note ). The 1800 Diagonal Note has an original issue discount of , or 21,510, and bears interest at , and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock only under default, as defined. 10 payments of 22,485 beginning on July 30, 2022 are to be made each month totaling 224,851. At any time following default, as defined, conversion rights exist at a discount rate of 25 of the lowest trading price for the Company s common stock during the previous 10 trading days prior to conversion. 194,676,363 common shares of the Company have been reserved with the transfer agent for possible conversion under a default. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 1800 Diagonal exercised its right to convert of principal, interest into of common shares leaving a balance of in principal and accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. See below regarding derivative securities in default. The Talos Note, Blue Lake and 1800 Diagonal Notes have been accounted for as derivative liabilities. The Company recorded an initial derivative expense of for each of the Talos and Blue Lake notes and for the 1800 Diagonal Note. In addition, the Company recorded an initial derivative expense of for the warrants for the Talos and Blue Lake Notes. The Company is in default under all of its derivative financial instruments and has accounted for these defaults under each agreements default provisions. In February 2022, the Company defaulted on its FirstFire, Cavalry Investment, and Cavalry Fund I Notes for failure to uplist within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of the Notes. Talos, Blue Lake and 1800 Diagonal are in default from cross default provisions. In total, was recorded as interest expense in the year ended December 31, 2022, representing additional principal and interest because of default. Notice of default was received from EMA for not reserving enough shares for conversion and for not having filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. It was the intent of the Company to pay back all derivative securities prior to the due dates but that has not occurred in case of EMA. As such, the Company is currently in negotiations with EMA and relative to extending the due date and changing terms on the Note. The Company has been named in a lawsuit by EMA for failing to comply with a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into in June 2019. See Note 9 Other Commitments and Contingencies. (3) of the Factoring Agreements is with full recourse, due February 29, 2020, as amended, was established in June 2016 with a company that is controlled by a shareholder and is personally guaranteed by an officer of the Company. This Factoring Agreement is such that the Company pays a discount of 2 per each 30-day period for each advance received against accounts receivable or future billings. The Company was advanced funds from this Factoring Agreement. The was exchanged for 20,249 shares of Series E Preferred Stock in April 2022. As such, 0 and in principal remained unpaid as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. See Note 8. On July 23, 2021, . This Lendora Factoring Agreement was rolled into the Lendora Consolidation Agreement explained below. F-25 Table of Contents . The then outstanding balance owing under the Lendora Consolidation Agreement was paid off in May 2022 of . On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Future Receivable Sale and Purchase Agreement Mr. Advance Agreement with Mr. Advance LLC Mr. Advance ). The balance to be purchased and sold is for which the Company received , net of fees. Under the Mr. Advance Agreement, the Company is to pay per week for weeks at an effective interest rate of approximately annually. The Company is in default with this Agreement for non-payment and is working to restructure its terms. The balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is , net of discounts. On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Future Receipts Sale and Purchase Agreement CLOUDFUND Agreement with CLOUDFUND LLC CLOUDFUND ). The balance to be purchased and sold is for which the Company received , net of fees. Under the CLOUDFUND Agreement, the Company is to pay per week for weeks at an effective interest rate of approximately annually. The Company is in default with this Agreement for non-payment and is working to restructure its terms. The balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is , net of discounts. On April 27, 2022, the Company entered into a Future Receivables Sale and Purchase Agreement Fox Capital Agreement with Fox Capital Group, Inc. Fox Capital ). The balance to be purchased and sold is for which the Company received , net of fees. Under the Fox Capital Agreement, the Company is to pay per week for weeks at an effective interest rate of approximately annually. The Company is in default with this Agreement for non-payment and is working to restructure its terms. The balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is , net of discounts. (4) The Line of Credit originated with a bank and was secured by the personal assets of certain shareholders of Copperhead Digital. During 2016, the Line of Credit was assigned to the Copperhead Digital shareholders, who subsequent to the Copperhead Digital acquisition by TPTG became shareholders of TPTG, and the secured personal assets were used to pay off the bank. The Line of Credit bears a variable interest rate based on the 1 Month LIBOR plus , as of December 31, 2022, is payable monthly, and is secured by the assets of the Company. shares of Common Stock of the Company have been reserved internally to accomplish raising the funds to pay off the Line of Credit. Since assignment of the Line of Credit to certain shareholders, which balance on the date of assignment was , those shareholders have loaned the Company under the similar terms and conditions as the line of credit but most of which were also given stock options totaling which expired as of December 31, 2019 (see Note 8) and was due, as amended, August 31, 2020. of the principal balance was exchanged for shares of Series E Preferred Stock in April 2022. See Note 8. The Company is in negotiations to refinance this Line of Credit. During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, those same shareholders and one other have loaned the Company money in the form of convertible loans of and , respectively, described in (2) and (6). (5) represents cash due to the prior owners of the technology acquired in December 2016 from the owner of the Lion Phone which is due to be paid as agreed by the Company and the former owners of the Lion Phone technology and has not been determined. represents a promissory note included as part of the consideration of VuMe, formerly ViewMe Live technology acquired in 2017, later agreed to as being due and payable in full, with no interest with from debt proceeds and the remainder from proceeds from a second Company public offering. represents a promissory note which was entered into on May 6, 2020 for the acquisition of Media Live One Platform from Steve and Yuanbing Caudle for the further development of software. This was expensed as research and development in the year ended December 31, 2020. This promissory note is non-interest bearing, due after funding has been received by the Company from its various investors and other sources. Mr. Caudle is a principal with the Company s VuMe technology. Both the and promissory notes related to the VuMe technology and Media Live One Platform were exchanged through a Software Acquisition Agreement dated as of March 25, 2022 for shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock. See Note 8. In this same agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. and Mrs. Caudle for additional developed software that will be used with the VuMe technology which was expensed as research and development during the year ended December 31, 2022. had been paid and was accounted for as a deposit as of December 31, 2021. Subsequently, this was used against the purchase price and the remainder was setup as a note payable as of December 31, 2022. to be paid from first proceeds raised by the Company and as agreed by the Company and Mr. and Mrs. Caudle. F-26 Table of Contents and interest at from the date of closure. The promissory note is secured by the assets of Blue Collar. represents a Note Payable related to the acquisition of of Air Fitness, payable six months from the date of the note or as agreed by the Company out of future capital raising efforts and does not accrue interest. The promissory note for the acquisition of Blue Collar and 384,500 of the Note Payable for the acquisition of of Air Fitness were exchanged for shares of Series E Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2022. See Note 8. (6) During 2016, the Company acquired SDM which consideration included a convertible promissory note for due February 29, 2019, as amended, does not bear interest, unless delinquent in which the interest is per annum, and is convertible into common stock at per share. The SDM balance was as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, this convertible promissory was exchanged with the Company s Series E Preferred Stock. See Note 8. During 2018, the Company issued convertible promissory notes in the amount of to related parties and to a non-related party which bear interest at 6 (11 default interest rate), are due 30 months from issuance and are convertible into Series C Preferred Stock at per share. of these notes were exchanged for shares of Series E Preferred Stock in April 2022 and were repaid prior to December 31, 2021. See Note 8. (7) The shareholder debt represents funds given to TPTG or subsidiaries by officers and managers of the Company as working capital. There are no written terms of repayment or interest that is being accrued to these amounts and they will only be paid back, according to management, if cash flows support it. They are classified as current in the balance sheets. See Lease financing arrangement in Note 9. has a level 3 classification under ASC 825-10. The following table provides a summary of changes in fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities as of December 31, 2022. Change in derivative liabilities from conversion of notes payable Change in derivative liabilities from the Odyssey conversion to a term loan Change in fair value of derivative liabilities at end of period derivative expense Balance, December 31, 2021 Change in derivative liabilities from new notes payable Change in derivative liabilities from conversion of notes payable Change in fair value of derivative liabilities at end of period derivative expense Balance, December 31, 2022 Convertible notes payable and warrant derivatives The Company issued convertible promissory notes which are convertible into common stock, at holders option, at a discount to the market price of the Company s common stock. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to these notes relating to certain anti-dilutive (reset) provisions. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date of debenture and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. F-27 Table of Contents from the convertible notes and from the warrants) in Note 8. The Company recorded an expense of and from change in fair value of debt derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of the embedded derivatives was determined using Monte Carlo simulation method based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of , (2) expected volatility of to , (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of to (4) expected life of years, and (5) the quoted market price of for the Company s common stock. See Financing lease arrangements in Note 9. Total Current Deferred: Federal State and local benefit Net operating loss, net of state tax effect Meals and entertainment Stock based expenses Impairment Amortization Derivative expense Loss (Gain) on extinguishment Change in allowance Total Benefit The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the Company s income tax expense (benefit) as the federal statutory rate to recorded income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Change in valuation allowance Stock based compensation Net operating loss, net of state tax effect Other Total The following table sets forth the components of the Company s deferred income taxes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Total current deferred tax asset (liability) Noncurrent deferred tax assets (liabilities): Derivative (gain) expense Intangible assets amortization Net operating loss carry forwards Stock base compensation Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment Less; Valuation allowance Total noncurrent deferred tax asset (liability) Total deferred tax asset (liability) F-28 Table of Contents and of net operating loss carry forwards as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which expire in varying amounts, if unused. Because of the change in ownership of more than 50 of the Company in accordance with Section 382 of the IRS Code, these net operating loss carry forwards may be significantly limited to use in future periods. shares of Preferred Stock, of which certain shares had been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock. All Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock The Company designated shares of Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred Stock. In February 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Stephen Thomas, Chairman, CEO and President of the Company, valued at for compensation expense. These shares are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Series A Preferred Stock has a par value of .001, is redeemable at the Company s option at per share, is senior to any other class or series of outstanding Preferred Stock or Common Stock and does not bear dividends. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference immediately after any Senior Securities, as defined and amended, of an amount equal to amounts payable owing, including contingency amounts where Holders of the Series A have personally guaranteed obligations of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, by amendment, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall, collectively have the right to convert all of their Series A Preferred Stock when conversion is elected into that number of shares of Common Stock of the Company, as amended and restated July 5, 2022 by the Board of Directors and a majority of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, determined by the following formula: 60 of the common shares computed to include all projected conversions of all convertible debt and any other classes of Preferred Stock as if the conversions had taken place at the stated conversion price per share (i.e. for the avoidance of doubt fully diluted as if such conversion had occurred prior to the Series A conversion.) The Company determined that due to the significance of the amendment, it should be accounted for as an extinguishment and fair valued the amended Series A Preferred Stock at , creating a deemed dividend of . The valuation of the amended Series A Preferred Stock was done by a qualified independent third party. The record Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to vote as if converted prior to the vote to an amount of shares equal to 60 of the common shares computed to include all projected conversions of all convertible debt and any other classes of Preferred Stock as if the conversions had taken place at the stated conversion price per share (i.e. for the avoidance of doubt fully diluted as if such conversion had occurred prior to the Series A conversion) on any matter with holders of Common Stock for any vote required to approve any action, which Florida law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the holders of other series of voting shares and the holders of Common Stock or the holders of other securities entitled to vote, if any. The Series A Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Series B Convertible Preferred Stock In February 2015, the Company designated shares of Preferred Stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock was designated in February 2015, has a par value of .001, is not redeemable, is senior to any other class or series of outstanding Preferred Stock, except the Series A Preferred Stock, or Common Stock and does not bear dividends. The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference immediately after any Senior Securities, as defined and currently the Series A Preferred Stock, and of an amount equal to per share. Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock have a right to convert all or any part of the Series B Preferred Shares and will receive and equal number of common shares at the conversion price of per share. The Series B Preferred Stockholders have a right to vote on any matter with holders of Common Stock and shall have a number of votes equal to that number of Common Shares on a one-to-one basis. There are shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Series B Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. F-29 Table of Contents shares of Preferred Stock as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series C Preferred Stock has a par value of .001, is not redeemable, is senior to any other class or series of outstanding Preferred Stock, except the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, or Common Stock and does not bear dividends. The Series C Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference immediately after any Senior Securities, as defined and currently the Series A and B Preferred Stock, and of an amount equal to per share. Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have a right to convert all or any part of the Series C Preferred Shares and will receive an equal number of common shares at the conversion price of per share. The Series C Preferred Stockholders have a right to vote on any matter with holders of Common Stock and shall have a number of votes equal to that number of Common Shares on a one-to-one basis. There are no shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. There are approximately in convertible notes payable convertible into Series C Convertible Preferred Stock which compromise some of the common stock equivalents calculated in Note 1. The Series C Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock On July 6, 2020, September 15, 2021 and March 20, 2022, the Company amended its Series D Designation from January 14, 2020. These Amendments changed the number of shares to 10,000,000 shares of the authorized shares of the Company's par value preferred stock as the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock ("the Series D Preferred Shares.") Series D Preferred shares have the following features: (i) Cumulative Annual Dividends payable on the purchase value in cash or common stock of the Company at the discretion of the Board and payment is also at the discretion of the Board, which may decide to cumulate to future years; (ii) Any time after 12 months from issuance an option to convert to common stock at the election of the holder @ of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into . ; (iii) Automatic conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock shall occur without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series D Preferred shall be @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into , which shall be post-reverse split as may be necessary for any Exchange listing (iv) Registration Rights the Company has granted Piggyback Registration Rights for common stock underlying conversion rights in the event it files any other Registration Statement (other than an S-1 that the Company may file for certain conversion common shares for the convertible note financing that was arranged and funded in 2019). Further, the Company will file, and pursue to effectiveness, a Registration Statement or offering statement for common stock underlying the Automatic Conversion event triggered by an exchange listing. (v) Liquidation Rights - per share plus any accrued unpaid dividends subordinate to Series A, B, and C Preferred Stock receiving full liquidation under the terms of such series. The Company has redemption rights for the first year following the Issuance Date to redeem all or part of the principal amount of the Series D Preferred Stock at between and . During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of Series D Preferred Share were purchased for of which Stephen Thomas, CEO of the Company, acquired for . The remainder of the shares were purchased by a third party. As of December 31, 2022, there are Series D Preferred shares outstanding. The Series D Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Series E Convertible Preferred Stock On March 20, 2022, the Company amended its Series E Designation from November 10, 2021. As amended, the Company designated shares of the authorized shares of the Company's par value preferred stock as the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock ("the Series E Preferred Shares"). Series E Preferred shares have the following features: (i) Cumulative Annual Dividends payable on the purchase value in cash or common stock of the Company at the discretion of the Board and payment is also at the discretion of the Board, which may decide to cumulate to future years; (ii) Any time after 12 months from issuance an option to convert to common stock at the election of the holder @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into . ; (iii) Automatic conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock shall occur without consent of holders upon any national exchange listing approval and the registration effectiveness of common stock underlying the conversion rights. The automatic conversion to common from Series E Preferred shall be @ 75 of the 30 day average market closing price (for previous 30 business days) divided into , which shall be post-reverse split as may be necessary for any Exchange listing (iv) Registration Rights the Company has granted Piggyback Registration Rights for common stock underlying conversion rights in the event it files any other Registration Statement (other than an S-1 that the Company may file for certain conversion common shares for the convertible note financing that was arranged and funded in 2019). Further, the Company will file, and pursue to effectiveness, a Registration Statement or offering statement for common stock underlying the Automatic Conversion event triggered by an exchange listing. (v) Liquidation Rights - per share plus any accrued unpaid dividends subordinate to Series A, B, C and D Preferred Stock receiving full liquidation under the terms of such series. The Company has redemption rights for the first year following the Issuance Date to redeem all or part of the principal amount of the Series E Preferred Stock at between and . F-30 Table of Contents Series E Preferred shares outstanding as a result of exchanges of accounts payable, financing arrangements and lease agreements. The Series E Preferred shares were given a fair value by a third-party valuation of per share for which they were recorded as of December 31, 2022. The difference between the valuation at 6.53 per share or 13,344,101 and the amount of accounts payable, financing arrangements and lease agreement balances of or was recorded as a loss on debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Series E Preferred Stock is classified as mezzanine equity as a result of the Company not having enough authorized common shares to be able to issue common shares upon their conversion. Common Stock As of December 31, 2022, we had authorized shares of Common Stock, of which common shares are issued and outstanding. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the authorized common shares have been increased to . Common Stock Issued for Conversion of Debt During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common shares valued at for of principal, interest, penalties and fees and recorded a loss on extinguishment of Common Stock Issued for Expenses and Liabilities On March 18, 2019, the Company issued to an Investor a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the Auctus Promissory Note and Warrant Agreement (the Auctus Warrant Agreement pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement dated March 18, 2019. (the Auctus SPA with Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus ). Pursuant to claims by Auctus that the Company had not complied with terms of the Auctus SPA, the Company and Auctus entered into a settlement agreement dated October 13, 2021 where by the Company would pay and allow Auctus to exercise its right to exercise warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The Company recorded to Stockholders Equity in relation to the issuance of the 15,000,000 shares under this agreement in October 2021. The value applied to the issuance of shares was based on the closing market price on the day of issuance. The Company issued shares of stock to Mr. Littman in accordance with its December 28 and 29, 2020 agreements as described in Note 5. These shares were included in a Form S-1 filed by the Company on January 15, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, it was determined in accordance with an underlying agreement, that there was a deficiency of approximately from net sales proceeds from sales of the shares and as such, this amount is accounted for in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022. On April 5, 2021, the Company granted restricted commons shares to a consultant as a bonus for services rendered. The Company recorded as expense in the statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021 which represented the calculation fair value on the date of grant. Stock Purchase Agreement On May 28, 2021, and as amended December 27, 2021, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement Registration Rights Agreement with White Lion Capital, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company White Lion ). Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, White Lion agreed to provide the Company with up to 5,000,000 upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ). A Form S-1 was filed on June 30, 2021 regarding this transaction. Subsequent Amendments to Forms S-1 related to this transaction were filed on July 6, 2021 and July 14, 2021. The registrations statement was declared effective July 19, 2021. This purchase agreement was terminated December 31, 2022. The Company had the discretion to deliver purchase notice to White Lion and White Lion will be obligated to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock based on the investment amount specified in each purchase notice. The maximum amount of the Purchase Notice shall be the lesser of: (i) of the Average Daily Trading Volume or (ii) the Investment Limit divided by the highest closing price of the Common Stock over the most recent five (5) Business Days including the respective Purchase Date. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Investor may waive the Purchase Notice Limit at any time to allow the Investor to purchase additional shares under a Purchase Notice. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, White Lion and its affiliates will not be permitted to purchase and the Company may not put shares of the Company s Common Stock to White Lion that would result in White Lion s beneficial ownership equaling more than 9.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. The price of each purchase share shall be equal to eighty-five percent of the Market Price (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Purchase Notices may be delivered by the Company to White Lion until the earlier of twelve (12) months (until December 31, 2022, as amended) or the date on which White Lion has purchased an aggregate of worth of Common Stock under the terms of the Purchase Agreement. F-31 Table of Contents shares of common stock and has received proceeds of , net of expenses. Subscription Payable As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded in stock subscription payable, which equates to the fair value on the date of commitment, of the Company s commitment to issue the following common shares: Shares receivable under terminated acquisition agreement Net commitment During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company agreed to a consulting agreement with one of its newest directors, John Wharton, which Agreement was for the issuance of shares of common stock to vest over two years starting July 30, 2021. These shares were valued at and are being expenses at per month. As of December 31, 2022, common shares have vested and expensed. Effective November 1, 2017, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire Holly wood Rivera, LLC and HRS Mobile LLC HRS ). In March 2018, the HRS acquisition was rescinded and shares of common stock which were issued as consideration are being returned by the recipients. As such, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the shares for the HRS transaction are reflected as subscriptions receivable based on their par value. Warrants Issued with Convertible Promissory Notes As of December 31, 2022, there were warrants outstanding that expire in five years or in the years ended December 31, 2024 -2027. As part of the Convertible Promissory Notes payable third party issuance in Note 5, the Company issued warrants to purchase common shares of the Company at of the current market price. Current market price means the average of the three lowest trading prices for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of the respective exercise notice. However, if a required registration statement, registering the underlying shares of the Convertible Promissory Notes, is declared effective on or before June 11, 2019 to September 11, 2019, then, while such Registration Statement is effective, the current market price shall mean the lowest volume weighted average price for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of the FirstFire Note, the Cavalry Investment Note and the Cavalry Fund I Note agreements. Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at of the opening price on the first day the Company trades on the Nasdaq exchange were issued to these note holders. On January 31, 2022, TPT Global Tech, Inc. issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of Talos and Blue Lake Note Agreements. Warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share provided, however, that if the Company consummates an uplist offering on or before July 6, 2022 then the exercise price shall be 110 of the offering price at which the uplist offering is made. The warrants issued under these convertible promissory notes were considered derivative liabilities valued at of the total derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022. See Note 5. Common Stock Reservations The Company has reserved internally shares of Common Stock of the Company for the purpose of raising funds to be used to pay off debt described in Note 5. We have reserved shares of Common Stock of the Company to grant to certain employee and consultants as consideration for services rendered and that will be rendered to the Company. F-32 Table of Contents , of which Stephen Thomas and Rick Eberhardt, CEO and COO of the Company, have invested 100,000 in QuikLAB 2, LLC. During the year ended December 31, 2021, one investor entered into an agreement at their request, to have their investment returned. of this investment was returned with the remaining being reclassified to an accounts payable in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The third party investors and Mr. Thomas and Mr. Eberhart, will benefit from owning of QuikLAB Mobile Laboratories specific to their investments. The Company owns the other ownership in the QuickLAB Mobile Laboratories. The net loss attributed to the non-controlling interests from the QuikLAB Mobile Laboratories included in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. Other Non-Controlling Interests TPT Strategic, Air Fitness,TPT Asia and IST are other non-controlling interests in which the Company owns , , and , respectively. There is little activity in any of these entities. The net loss attributed to these non-controlling interests included in the statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. TPT Strategic did a reverse merger with Southern Plains of which there ended up being a non-controlling interest ownership of as of December 31, 2020. As a result, 219,058 in the non-controlling interest in liabilities of a license agreement valued at was reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020, which was reversed in the year ended December 31, 2021 when the license agreement was cancelled between all parties. General operating Accrued interest on debt (2) Credit card balances Accrued payroll and other expenses (3) Taxes and fees payable Total _____________ (1) Relates to amounts due to management and members of the Board of Directors according to verbal and written agreements that have not been paid as of period end. (2) Portion relating to related parties is and for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. (3) of this is payable to Stephen J. Thomas, III, CEO. Operating lease obligations The Company adopted Topic 842 on January 1, 2019. The Company elected to adopt this standard using the optional modified retrospective transition method and recognized a cumulative-effect adjustment to the consolidated balance sheet on the date of adoption. Comparative periods have not been restated. With the adoption of Topic 842, the Company s consolidated balance sheet now contains the following line items: Operating lease right-of-use assets, Current portion of operating lease liabilities and Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion. As all the existing leases subject to the new lease standard were previously classified as operating leases by the Company, they were similarly classified as operating leases under the new standard. The Company has determined that the identified operating leases did not contain non-lease components and require no further allocation of the total lease cost. Additionally, the agreements in place did not contain information to determine the rate implicit in the leases, so we used our estimated incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. Our weighted average discount rate is and the weighted average lease term of years. F-33 Table of Contents and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash paid for amounts included for the measurement of lease liabilities was approximately and the Company recorded lease expense in the amount of in cost of sales. The Company entered an . This operating agreement starts October 1, 2020 for per month. In addition, the Company entered into office space for Blue Collar which started April 2021 and runs for years beginning at an average of for the first six months, for twelve months, for the next twelve months and for the following twelve months. All other lease agreements for office space are under lease agreements for one year or less. The following is a schedule showing the future minimum lease payments under operating leases by years and the present value of the minimum payments as of December 31, 2022. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease liabilities Amount representing interest Total net present value Office lease used by CEO During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company entered into a lease of 12 months or less for living space which is occupied by Stephen Thomas, Chairman, CEO and President of the Company. Mr. Thomas lives in the space and uses it as his corporate office. The Company has paid and in rent and utility payments for this space for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Financing lease obligations Future minimum lease payments are as follows: 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total financing lease liabilities Amount representing interest Total future payments (1) ____________________ (1) Included is a Telecom Equipment Lease is with an entity owned and controlled by shareholders of the Company and was due August 31, 2020, as amended. F-34 Table of Contents for five years, including customary employee benefits. The payment was guaranteed for five years whether or not Ms. Caudle is dismissed with cause. This employment agreement was effectively modified with the Software Acquisition Agreement described in Note 5 such that the Company is required to make Litigation On March 18, 2019, the Company issued to an Investor a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of .00 (the Auctus Promissory Note and Warrant Agreement (the Auctus Warrant Agreement pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement dated March 18, 2019 (the Auctus SPA with Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus ). Pursuant to claims by Auctus that the Company had not complied with terms of the Auctus SPA, the Company and Auctus entered into a settlement agreement dated October 13, 2021 where by the Company would pay and allow Auctus to exercise its right to exercise warrants to purchase shares of common stock. Auctus agreed to limit the sale of common shares of the Company to during each respective calendar week. The Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of when this Auctus Promissory Note was paid off in large part because of the related derivative liability on the books at the time of the settlement. We have been named in a lawsuit by EMA Financial, LLC EMA for failing to comply with a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into in June 2019. More specifically, EMA claims the Company failed to honor notices of conversion, failed to establish and maintain share reserves, failed to register EMA shares and by failed to assure that EMA shares were Rule 144 eligible within 6 months. EMA has claimed in excess of in relief. The Company has filed a motion in response for which EMA has filed a motion to dismiss. The Company does not believe at this time that any negative outcome would result in more than the it has recorded on its balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. A lawsuit was filed in Michigan by the one of the former owners of SpeedConnect, LLC, John Ogren. Mr. Ogren claimed he was owed back wages related to the acquisition agreement wherein the Company acquired the assets of SpeedConnect, LLC and kept him on through a consulting agreement. The Company s position was that he ultimately resigned in writing and was not due any back wages. In August 2021, Mr. Ogren was awarded 334,908 in back wages by an Arbitrator. This amount has been expensed in the statement of operations as other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. . This debt was completely paid off as of December 31, 2022. We have been named in a lawsuit by a collection law firm on behalf of Pinnacle Towers LLC and Crown Atlantic Company Inc., against TPT Global Tech, Inc. The claim derives from an outstanding debt by incurred by Copperhead Digital. The lawsuit is over unpaid rent that should have been paid by Copperhead Digital but was not paid. The Company believes it has several defenses to this claim and is in the process of communicating with opposing counsel for dismissal of the claims which amount to .62 plus interest, costs and attorney fees. The Company has accounted for approximately in payables on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 for this subsidiary payable. Lawsuits are being threatened by vendors in relation to tower lease payments in accordance with tower lease agreements that were entered into by SpeedConnect. The claims are currently being investigated and the amount in controversy being claimed is approximately . The Company has approximately in accounts payable for these threatened claims as of December 31, 2022. The claims appear to include lease agreements that have been terminated and future payments not yet due, among other issues. As such, the parties are trying to come up with resolutions for these claims. We have been named in lawsuits by two merchant debt companies, Mr. Advance and CLOUDFUND versus TPT Global Tech and TPT SpeedConnect for non-payment under the debt agreements for which the companies received judgements against the Company. The judgements totaled , including legal and other fees for which the Company has recorded in loans, advances and agreements.The Company is in negotiations with both of these companies to restructure payment and work out acceptable terns. Management believes it will not have to pay more than what it has recorded in accounts payable. We have been named in a lawsuit by AHS Staffing, LLC against TPT MedTech, LLC claiming unpayment of 159,959 in billings for medical staffing services rendered by AHS Staffing, LLC on behalf of TPT MedTech. The Company believes it has defenses for a portion of the services rendered but has recorded a payable in accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheet of . Management does not believe that an unfavorable outcome will result in payment of more than is recorded in accounts payable. The Company has been named in a lawsuit, Robert Serrett vs. TruCom, Inc., by a former employee who was terminated by management in 2016. The employee was working under an employment agreement but was terminated for breach of the agreement. The former employee is suing for breach of contract and is seeking around in back pay and benefits. We learned that Mr. Serrett received a default judgement in Texas on for plus in attorney fees and 5 interest and court costs. However, he has made no attempt that we are aware of to obtain a sister state judgment in Arizona, where Trucom resides, or to try and enforce the judgement and collect. Management believes it has good and meritorious defenses and does not belief the outcome of the lawsuit will have any material effect on the financial position of the Company. F-35 Table of Contents from one customer in excess of amounts due from that customer in accordance with the customer s understanding of the appropriate billings activity. The customer has filed a written demand for repayment by the Company of these amounts. Management believes that the customer agreement allows them to keep the amounts under dispute. Given the dispute, the Company has reflected the amounts in dispute as a customer liability on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. Stock Contingencies The Company has convertible debt, preferred stock, options and warrants outstanding for which common shares would be required to be issued upon exercise by the holders. As of December 31, 2022, the following shares would be issued: Series A Preferred Stock (1) Series B Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock Series E Preferred Stock Stock Options and warrants _____________________ (1) Holder of the Series A Preferred Stock which is Stephen J. Thomas, is guaranteed of the then outstanding common stock upon conversion. The Company would have to authorize additional shares for this to occur as only shares were authorized as of December 31, 2022 and subsequently. Part of the consideration in the acquisition of Air Fitness was the issuance of restricted common shares of the Company vesting and issuable after the common stock reaches at least a per share closing price in trading. To date, this has not occurred but may happen in the future upon which the Company will issue common shares to the non-controlling interest owners of Air Fitness. and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to amounts due to employees, management and members of the Board of Directors according to verbal and written agreements that have not been paid as of period end which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the balance sheet. See Note 9. As is mentioned in Note 8, Reginald Thomas was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company in August 2018. Mr. Thomas is the brother to the CEO Stephen J. Thomas III. According to an agreement, as modified, with Mr. Reginald Thomas, he is to receive per quarter and shares of restricted common stock valued at approximately vesting quarterly over twenty-four months. The quarterly payment of may be suspended by the Company if the Company has not been adequately funded. F-36 Table of Contents included in amounts receivable related party, receivable from Mark Rowen of Blue Collar and Everett Lanier of IST. See Note 9 for amounts payable to Stephen J. Thomas, III. Other Agreements On April 17, 2018, the CEO of the Company, Stephen Thomas, signed an agreement with New Orbit Technologies, S.A.P.I. de C.V., a Mexican corporation, New Orbit ), majority owned and controlled by Stephen Thomas, related to a license agreement for the distribution of TPT licensed products, software and services related to Lion Phone and VuMe Live within Mexico and Latin America License Agreement ). The License Agreement provides for New Orbit to receive a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-transferable license for perpetuity with termination only under situations such as bankruptcy, insolvency or material breach by either party and provides for New Orbit to pay the Company fees equal to of net income generated from the applicable activities. The transaction was approved by the Company s Board of Directors in June 2018. There has been no activity on this agreement. - Developed Technology Film Library Trademarks and Tradenames Total intangible assets, net Goodwill Amortization expense was and for year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Impairment expense to intangibles was and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, there was impairment expense to goodwill of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. F-37 Table of Contents Cost of revenue Net income (loss) Deemed dividend related to modification of Series A Preferred Stock (39,866,742 Total assets Depreciation and amortization Impairment/loss on debt extinguishment Derivative gain (expense) Interest expense Cost of revenue Net income (loss) Total assets Depreciation and amortization Impairment/gain on debt extinguishment Derivative gain (expense) Interest expense shares of Series A Super Majority Voting Preferred Stock of Asberry for the aggregate principal amount of 500,000. Such five hundred thousand shares of Series A Supermajority Voting Preferred Stock are Supermajority Voting to vote equivalent of 90 of the outstanding common shares of the Common Stock of Asberry at any time (post reverse split of any amount) in the form of the Series A Designation of Rights and Privileges under Exhibit A of the Securities Purchase Agreement. TPT entered into a convertible promissory note Convertible Promissory Note with Michael A. Littman, Atty Defined Benefit Plan MAL-Plan pursuant to the above referenced Securities Purchase Agreement. The Convertible Promissory Note is due 180 days from March 24, 2023 and pays interest at the rate of per annum. The Convertible Promissory Note may convert all or part (in increments) of the principal balance to common stock of the Company at the rate of 85 of the volume weighted average price for the preceding 5 market trading days. The Company agreed to file the necessary S-1 to register any shares underlying this conversion right within 120 days of March 24, 2023. To convert, MAL-Plan shall give notice of conversion together with the increment of the note, in writing to the Company, and the conversion shall be effective upon such date of notice. F-38 Table of Contents validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Subsidiary's common stock. TPT Global Tech, Inc. is to be issued a total of common shares of ASHI (the "ASHI Common Stock"), as a result of the merger, constituting of the then issued and outstanding common stock. TPT Global Tech, Inc. also has purchased all of the Series A Super Majority Voting Preferred Shares of ASHI. ASHI shall file a Form S-1 Registration Statement with the Securities Exchange Commission within 120 days after closing, to register for resale: a) the common shares of ASHI, issued at closing, b) conversion shares for the Series A Supermajority Preferred Stock and c) those outstanding shares of the shareholders of ASHI existing as of the day prior to closing, and shall pursue such S-1 filing diligently to effectiveness. The Officers of ASHI shall resign effective upon the appointment of the new Officers, as designated by SPC. The Current Directors of ASHI shall remain as directors until the Series A Preferred Stock shares) of ASHI shall have been redeemed or converted. SPC shall have designated two new directors for appointment effective at closing, and may then appoint new Officers, and the current officers shall resign at closing. Other items Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the authorized common shares of the Company has been increased to . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, FirstFire, Cavalry Investments, Cavalry Fund I and 1800 Diagonal exercised their rights to convert of principal amounts into of shares of common stock. On February 8, 2023, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC entered into a promissory note agreement (1800 Diagonal Note #2 ). The 1800 Diagonal Note #2 has an original issue discount of , or , and , and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock only under default, as defined. Total of plus and accrued interest is due February 8, 2024. At any time following default, as defined, conversion rights exist at a discount rate of of the lowest trading price for the Company s common stock during the previous 10 trading days prior to conversion. common shares of the Company have been reserved with the transfer agent for possible conversion under a default. On February 9, 2023, TPT Global Tech, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC First Fire entered into a promissory note agreement (Firstfire Note #2 ). The FirstFire Note #2 has an original issue discount of , or , and , and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock only under default, as defined. 33,000 of interest is considered earned at the issue date. Total of plus accrued interest is due February 8, 2024. Conversion rights exist that at any time after issuance, the FirstFire Note #2 can be exchanged for shares of common stock at .0012 per share. common shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved with the transfer agent for possible conversion. Subsequent events were reviewed through the date the financial statements were issued. F-39 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In connection with this annual report, as required by Rule 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our company's disclosure controls and procedures. Under the supervision of our Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, acting as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer respectively, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. Subject to the inherent limitations noted in this Part II, Item 9A as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting as discussed below. It is management's responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Management's report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC because we are neither an accelerated filer nor a larger accelerated filer. We have implemented a framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which incorporates a quarterly review by our Board of Directors of the recording of transactions and whether questions of accuracy and authorization may arise as the accounting may be reviewed by our auditors. Our Management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of the most recent fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not internal control over financial reporting is effective is contained in the section immediately following this paragraph. MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING It is Management's responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our Company's management considered to be material weaknesses and may have been ineffective under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. Management has assessed the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting at the end of the most recent fiscal year and has determined several weaknesses and has determined that its internal controls are not effective due, in part, to lack of full-time financial accounting professionals. Management believes that the material weaknesses and ineffectiveness set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an affect on our Company's financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on our Company's board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures may result in our Company's financial statements for the future years being subject to error and inaccurate if controls, procedures, and professional financial officers are not maintained. 69 Table of Contents We are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we intend to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and intend to increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to our Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of our Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Company's Board. In addition, management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support our Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues our Company may encounter in the future. Due to insufficient funds during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has been unable to implement many of the remedies to the ineffective oversight. The Company will continue to implement the changes as laid out above as soon as funds are available to the Company. There were no changes to internal controls over financial reporting during the current reporting period. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION . None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS . Not applicable. 70 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The following table sets forth information as to persons who currently serve as our directors or executive officers, including their ages as of May 13, 2023. Name Age Position Term Stephen J. Thomas, III 59 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Annual Richard Eberhardt 65 Chief Operating Officer and Director Annual Arkady Shkolnik 59 Director Annual Reginald Thomas 58 Director Annual John F. Wharton 65 Director Annual Gary Cook 65 Chief Financial Officer Annual Our officers are elected by the board of directors at the first meeting after each annual meeting of our stockholders and hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualified under our bylaws. The directors named above will serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. Thereafter, directors will be elected for one-year terms at the annual stockholders' meeting. Officers will hold their positions at the pleasure of the board of directors absent any employment agreement. There is no arrangement or understanding between our directors and officers and any other person pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer. BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION Stephen J. Thomas, III President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Mr. Thomas is President, CEO and Chairman of the Board of TPT Global Tech, Inc. since August 11, 2014. On March 24, 2023, he was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Director of Asberry 22 Holdings, Inc. Previously, Mr. Thomas was Manager of TPT Group, LLC (2015-2017) and Director of TPT Group, Inc. (2011-2014). Mr. Thomas was founder, CEO and Director of Trans Pacific Telecom, Inc. from 2000-2011 and prior to that was president and CEO of New Orbit Communications (1999-2001). In 2002, as CEO of Trans Pacific Telecom Group, Mr. Thomas was featured on CBS MarketWatch for winning Product of the Year Award for 2002 VIVOware at the Internet Telephony Conference and Expo an event focused on voice, video, fax and data convergence. During his employment with New Orbit, Mr. Thomas worked extensively throughout Latin America, gaining extensive expertise and resources in the international telecom marketplace. Mr. Thomas has also served as Director of Network Optimization/Validation for WorldxChange Communications, one of the largest privately held facilities-based telecommunications company with headquarters in San Diego, California and international operations all over the globe. His responsibilities included Cost Assurance for expenses. As a matter of disclosure, in 2005 Mr. Thomas was an ISP equipment provider to Access Point Africa APA ). APA allowed its license to expire in Sierra Leone, and as a result APA and several individuals were alleged to have violated the Sierra Leone Telecommunications Act by operating an unlicensed internet access point. Mr. Thomas was charged as well as for the offense which bears a fine of up to 3,000 but the charge is unresolved at this time, but he intends to resolve it in the next several months. Mr. Thomas attended Northeastern University majoring in Finance and Management (1984 to 1987). Richard Eberhardt- Chief Operating Officer and Director Mr. Eberhardt is Chief Operating Officer and Director of TPT Global Tech, Inc. since October 10, 2014. Mr. Eberhardt resigned as Executive Vice-President on December 15, 2020 and was simultaneously appointed as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Eberhardt also serves as Chief Executive Officer of Copperhead Digital Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TPT Global, Inc. On March 24, 2023, he was appointed Secretary and Director of Asberry 22 Holdings, Inc. Previously, Mr. Eberhardt served CEO/COO of Pacific Bio Medical, a Durable Medical Equipment provider, located in Phoenix, Arizona (2008-2012). From 2012-2015, Mr. Eberhardt served as Consultant and Sales Director for two telecommunications companies, Fathom Voice and Ipitomy located in Indiana and Florida, respectively. Founding member of a telecommunications firm, WorldxChange, located in San Diego, CA. (1989-2001) With WorldxChange, he researched, designed, and implemented start-up business sales and marketing models resulting in wholesale, commercial, and consumer revenue channels. He opened and operated offices in approximately 23 countries. He created and managed channels with 25K+ agents and 15M in monthly revenue. 71 Table of Contents We believe his management experience is valuable to our company because he is an experienced sales and business development executive with strong business acumen and more than thirty years of experience leading sales and marketing operations. He has managed growth and revenue expansion through effective management of accounts and consultative sales approach that aligns the interests of all parties. He has sought, and negotiated, partnerships and asset management agreements across multiple channels, including wholesale telecom providers (AT T, Verizon, Global Crossing, and Worldcom). He has managed structured methodologies that combined strengths of marketing, sales, and operations to reduce redundancies, improve order-processing times, and streamline business flow. He has experience in reviving product lines with rebranding and repackaging, as well as created communications bundles, and incentive programs to maximize existing client penetration and drive vertical growth. Arkady Shkolnik Director Mr. Shkolnik was appointed a Director of TPT Global Tech, Inc. on August 15, 2018. Mr. Shkolnik has over 25 years of senior-level management experience in the Semiconductor, Wireless and Telecommunications industry. He is currently VP EMEA of Sales with Qualcomm (2010 present). In addition to being a leader at Qualcom, Mr. Shkolnik served on the Board of Advisors at Zeevo Technology, Inc, (2009 to 2012) leading up to their acquisition by Broadcom and brings extensive experience in global business development, sales, marketing, product management and strategic account management to TPT Global s already diverse board. From 2006 until 2010, Mr. Shkolnik was Vice President, EMEA Sales Business Development of PacketVideo Corporation. Previous experience includes Executive Vice President, Sales Business Development of Quorum Systems (2005-2006), Vice President, Sales Business Development of Broadcom (acquired by Widcomm) from 2000-2005, and Director of Sales, North America Wireless ASIC Business Unit at Philips Semiconductors/VLSI Technology from 1991-2000. Mr. Shkolnik has developed and managed strategic OEM and semiconductor relationships globally. Aligning sales and marketing functions with corporate objectives, he has negotiated and secured over ~100 License, Technology and CSA agreements with customers such as Samsung, LG, Sony, Panasonic, HTC, BlackBerry, Microsoft, IBM, HP, Dell, Compaq, Logitech, TDK, Acer, TI, Philips, STM, Broadcom, CSR, Toyota, Panasonic, ZTE, and others. Mr. Shkolnik attended Temple University where he received a Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.Sc.), Electrical and Electronics Engineering Skills Endorsements (1984). Reginald Thomas Director Mr. Thomas was appointed a Director of TPT Global Tech, Inc. on August 15, 2018. He has over 20 years of experience working for technology companies where he is an accomplished business leader driving world class customer and partner experiences though the delivery of innovative software products and solutions for leading global companies. Specific results include: Cisco: (July 2018 - present) As Partner Delivery Executive he supports 3 of Cisco s largest Multi-National Partners- IBM US IBM Canada, and Presidio. He aligned these Partners go to market strategy with Cisco s shifting business strategy to influence more than 15M in services sales in the last 14 months. Cisco: (2007 - 2017) As the Sr. Product Manager he owned Cisco s Services Portal strategy, the UX Strategy, the build, and adoption of Cisco s Services Portal. Under his direction it grew from 2 to 24 integrated service offers delivering a seamless customer and partner experience. Openwave: (2001 - 2007) IT Director of Program Management- through his leadership he designed the foundation for the Program Management Office that managed the upgrades to mission critical databases requiring the management of highly technical resources; multiple applications delivery from concept to development, companywide roll outs for ERP systems, and Merger Acquisition consolidation. Lucent /Avaya: (1997 - 2001) E- Commerce Product and Strategy Lead where he had global responsibility for Lucent s online Partner Portal. He e- enabled Lucent to transition 10M of Distributor order revenue to a seamless online experience realizing significant savings in the cost per order. Mr. Thomas graduated from the University of Connecticut in 1988 with a BS in Business. 72 Table of Contents John F. Wharton -Director Effective August 31, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Major General John F. Wharton Mr. Wharton ), former Commanding General of U.S Army Research, Development and Engineering Command who has been leading the Company s Global Defense Division, as a director of the Company. Concurrently, Mr. Wharton was appointed as Chairman of the Company s subsidiary, TPT Global Defense Systems, LLC. Mr. Wharton has served the Nation for more than three decades and has extensive experience in leadership, technology, acquisition, and logistics. He retired from active military duty on September 30, 2016. He is currently a public and private sector advisor to numerous industries, universities, and governments. In his last military assignment, he was responsible for 75 6.2 billion) of the Army's annual R D budget and led more than 13,000 scientists, engineers and support personnel. Mr. Wharton has been providing guidance and expertise for TPT s Global Defense Division and has already been actively helping the Company across internal industry verticals in his capacity as a member of the Global Tech Advisory Board. His work with the Company s telecoms, satellite, 5G and radar technologies units as well as his proactive involvement and contacts have resulted in expanded opportunities for domestic and international government contracts across geographies ranging from Europe, the Middle East, India, Africa and the Caribbean posturing TPT for future growth. Mr. Wharton graduated from the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York in 1981. In addition, his education includes the Quartermaster Basic and Advanced Courses, the Inspector General's Course, the Command and General Staff College. He also holds a Master of Science degree in national security and strategic studies from the Naval War College. Gary Cook Chief Financial Officer Mr. Cook was appointed Chief Financial Officer of TPT Global Tech, Inc. on November 1, 2017. Mr. Cook has served as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or Treasurer for several small to medium size public and private companies in various industries for over 25 years including providing Chief Financial Officer services for several companies on a contract basis (2008-2017), in addition to full time employment with eVision USA.com, Inc. (1996-2002), Cognigen Networks, Inc. (2003-2008), and SolaRover, Inc. (2009-2015). Prior to this, Mr. Cook worked in the auditing department for KPMG in both the New Orleans, LA and Denver, CO offices for 12 years. His experience includes companies from start-ups to multimillion-dollar international operating companies in the internet marketing, software development, medical device, alternative energy, telecommunications, securities broker/dealer, private equity and manufacturing industries. While working with KPMG, Mr. Cook worked in other industries such as oil gas, oil gas services, cable, theatre exhibition, mining, banking, construction and not-for-profit. Mr. Cook has a broad experience in accounting, finance, human resources, legal, insurance, contracts, banking relations, shareholder relations, internal controls, SEC matters, financial reporting and other corporate administrative and governance matters for both private and public companies. Mr. Cook has held Series 7, 24, 27 and 63 licenses from FINRA, successor to the NASD. Mr. Cook attended and graduated from Brigham Young University between 1979 and 1982. He is a certified public accountant and licensed with the State of Colorado. KEY EMPLOYEES OF SUBSIDIARIES Steve Caudle - CEO Cloud Services Steve Caudle has been in the technology field for 31 years and brings significant operations and technology development experiences to TPT Global Tech, Inc. Mr. Caudle began his career at the IBM Think Tank and Fairchild/National Semiconductor located in Silicon Valley California. Steve then moved on to work for the Department of Defense for eighteen years and specialized in code writing and software applications. Steve moved to the private sector and was the Chief Information Officer (CIO) at North Face Corporation and then moved to become the Executive VP of ZDTV (renamed TechTV) and then became C-NET now owned by CBS. Robert Haas, CEO of Levi Strauss, contracted Mr. Caudle as an executive consultant where he was placed in charge of relocating their data center from San Francisco, California to Dallas, Texas (1988). Subsequently, Mr. Caudle joined ESST, where he was the CIO. ESST was a public company. Steve Caudle then joined Mr. Fred Chan, CEO of ESST in starting a new company called Vialta, Inc. Mr. Caudle was again the CIO and the number two person in charge of Vialta. Vialta designed DVD laser decoder chips that were used in many DVD players in the world. Vialta grew the company from 3 employees to over 4,000 in just five months and over 1.2 billion in revenue while he was there. Upon leaving Vialta, Mr. Caudle started his own software development company called Matrixsites. Matrixsites has developed software and applications for a variety of companies such as Federal Express, Wells Fargo Bank, Bank of America, Apple, Pixar, ITV Guide and China Mobile. Mr. Caudle received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from San Jose State University in 1977 and holds one U.S. Patent. 73 Table of Contents Mark Rowen- CEO Media Division Mark Rowen is a seasoned executive with over 25 years in the film and television business. In 2000, Mr. Rowen founded Blue Collar Productions, Inc., an entity with which we entered into an acquisition agreement in November 2017 and amended in February 2018, where he remains President today. Blue Collar is a leader in the creation of original live action and animated content and has produced hundreds of hours of material for the television, theatrical, home entertainment and new media markets. Mr. Rowen works closely with all of the major television networks, cable channels and film studios to produce home entertainment products. Mr. Rowen also works with a wide array of notable filmmakers including Steven Spielberg, Ron Howard, Brett Ratner and James Cameron to name a few. Mr. Rowen also has very close working relationships with actors including Tom Hanks, Brad Pitt, Julia Roberts, Robert Downey, Jr., Denzel Washington, Ryan Gosling, Sofia Vergara, Mariska Hargitay and many others. Prior to starting Blue Collar Productions, Mr. Rowen functioned as the head of home entertainment production for DreamWorks SKG from 1997 to 2000. He also serves as the President of Long Leash Entertainment, an aggregator of entertainment based intellectual property and creator of high-end entertainment content. Mr. Rowen is a graduate of the University of California, Los Angeles. He is also actively involved in charitable organizations including Stand Up 2 Cancer , The Joyful Heart Foundation , Save The Children , and other philanthropic endeavors in the arts. Everett Lanier President IST and TPT Strategic Mr. Lanier is the President of TPT Strategic since October 20, 2022. He was the Founder, President and CEO of IST, LLC and has over 22 years of IT experience and 30 years in construction and engineering having started in his family s business. His experience includes program management, business development, capture management and project engineering. Mr. Everett possesses a broad knowledge of business operations and program matrix management experience and is an accomplished negotiator and innovative leader who has demonstrated the ability to manage relationships and complex programs to achieve financial success, on time deliveries and customer trust and satisfaction. Mr. Lanier s years of experience encompasses both engineering and scientific fields, including the design, testing, and maintenance of strategic defense software systems encompassing real-time simulation and modeling, battle management, command, control, and communications, flight test planning and execution, missile and tactical weapon systems. He has over 20 years of experience providing small businesses with expert advice and guidance on how to gain access to set-aside and sole source federal procurements that are available as an 8a Certified Program participant. Mr. Lanier received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Applied Mathematics Computer Science at Alabama A M University. FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS Stephen J. Thomas, III, President, CEO and Chairman of the Board and Reginald Thomas, Director, are brothers. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST GENERAL. Our directors and officers are, or may become, in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholders and/or partners of other entities engaged in a variety of non-profit and for-profit organizations. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other things, time, efforts and corporation opportunity, involved in participation with such other business entities. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES Presently no requirement contained in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires our officers and directors to disclose business opportunities which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty of loyalty to us to disclose to us any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his involvement as an officer and director of another company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring an affiliate, associate person or business opportunity from any affiliate or any client of any such person. 74 Table of Contents COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS We are managed under the direction of its board of directors. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE We do not have an executive committee at this time. AUDIT COMMITTEE We do not have an audit committee at this time. ANNUAL MEETING The annual meeting of stockholders is anticipated in the Fall of 2023 and will include the election of directors. The annual meeting will be held at our principal office or at such other place as permitted by the laws of the State of Florida and on such date as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of our board of directors. PREVIOUS "BLANK CHECK" OR "SHELL" COMPANY INVOLVEMENT No members of our management have been involved in previous "blank-check" or "shell" companies. INVOLVEMENT IN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS No executive Officer or Director of our Company has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding that is currently pending. No executive Officer or Director of our Company is the subject of any pending legal proceedings. No Executive Officer or Director of our Company is involved in any bankruptcy petition by or against any business in which they are a general partner or executive officer at this time or within two years of any involvement as a general partner, executive officer, or Director of any business. (REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 75 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. Summary of Executives and Director Compensation Tables The following table sets forth the compensation paid to our officers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019. EXECUTIVES COMPENSATION TABLE In Dollars Name Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock awards ) Option awards ) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) All other compensation ) Total ) (2) Stephen J. Thomas, III CEO and President 2022 166,667 (1) 166,667 (2) 2021 270,000 (1) 270,000 (2) 2020 262,083 (1) 262,083 (2) 2019 175,000 (1) 175,000 (2) Richard Eberhardt, COO 2022 100,000 10,704 (3) 110,704 (2) 2021 170,000 10,704 (3) 180,704 (2) 2020 169,250 169,250 (2) 2019 110,242 110,242 (2) Gary Cook, CFO 2022 133,333 133,333 (2) 2021 200,000 200,000 (2) 2020 219,167 219,167 (2) 2019 112,150 112,150 (2) Stacie Stricker, Secretary and Controller (4) 2021 35,000 35,000 (2) 2020 135,000 135,000 (2) 2019 80,750 80,750 (2) _______________________ (1) The Company entered into a lease for living space which is occupied by Stephen Thomas, Chairman, CEO and President of the Company. Mr. Thomas lives in the space and uses it as his corporate office. The Company has paid approximately 30,000, 30,000, 30,000 and 30,857 in rent and utility payments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. No portion of the payments on this lease have been included in amounts shown in compensation to Mr. Stephen Thomas and has approximated 30,000 to 40,000 a year in 2015-2018. (2) These amounts do not include compensation that has been accrued on the books of the Company in accordance with employment agreements and other previous contract work performed but has not been paid because of the lack of cash flows. Accrued but unpaid compensation as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: Stephen J. Thomas, III - 93,750; Richard Eberhardt - 76,750; and Gary Cook - 95,000. (3) Represents a monthly car allowance paid by the Company. (4) Ms. Stricker resigned as an employee of the Company in March 2021. 76 Table of Contents Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements The initial term for our three executive employees employment agreements have expired and they are now working under an extended period which primarily calls for a 30-day notice for any changes or termination. The Board is working to revise the executive employment agreements. Below is a summary of current terms for our three executives which is, for the most part, an extension of their prior employment agreements, as well as those consulting agreements for the outside directors. The prior employment agreements were approved by our board based upon recommendations conducted by the board. Name Position Annual Compensation Stephen J. Thomas, III (1) Chief Executive Officer 250,000 Richard Eberhardt (2) Chief Operating Officer 150,000 Gary Cook (3) Chief Financial Officer 200,000 Arkady Shkolnik (4) Director 100,000 Reginald Thomas (5) Director 40,000 John F. Wharton (6) Director 180,000 _____________________________ (1) Pursuant to an employment agreement dated November 1, 2017, and now is in an extended period, Mr. Thomas receives a base salary of 250,000 per year. In addition to the base salary, Mr. Thomas is eligible to receive performance bonuses as to be determined by our Board of Directors. The agreement had a three-year term that ended on October 31, 2020 and now is in an extended period. Upon an affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the Board of Directors, the employment may be terminated without further liability on the part of our Company. Cause is considered to be an act or acts of serious dishonesty, fraud, or material and deliberate injury related to our business, including personal enrichment at the expense of our Company. If there is a termination for cause the benefits of any bonus for the period preceding termination would be forfeit. In addition, the agreement provides for Mr. Thomas to be able to terminate the agreement for Good Reason. Good Reason is considered to be (1) an adverse change in his status or position as CEO, (2) a reduction in base salary, or (3) action by us that adversely affected his participation in the benefits. (2) Pursuant to an employment agreement dated November 1, 2017, and now is in an extended period, Mr. Eberhardt receives a base salary of 150,000 per year. In addition to the base salary, Mr. Eberhardt is eligible to receive performance bonuses as to be determined by our Board of Directors. The agreement had a three-year term that ended on October 31, 2020 and now is in an extended period. Upon an affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the Board of Directors, the employment may be terminated without further liability on the part of our Company. Cause is considered to be an act or acts of serious dishonesty, fraud, or material and deliberate injury related to our business, including personal enrichment at the expense of our Company. If there is a termination for cause the benefits of any bonus for the period preceding termination would be forfeit. In addition, the agreement provides for Mr. Eberhardt to be able to terminate the agreement for Good Reason. Good Reason is considered to be (1) an adverse change in his status or position as CEO, (2) a reduction in base salary, or (3) action by us that adversely affected his participation in the benefits. (3) Pursuant to an employment agreement dated November 1, 2017, and now is in an extended period, Mr. Cook receives a base salary of 200,000 per year for which currently he devotes no less than 60 of his full-time. In addition to the base salary, Mr. Cook is eligible to receive performance bonuses as to be determined by our Board of Directors. The agreement had a three-year term that ended on October 31, 2020 and now is in an extended period. Upon an affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of the Board of Directors, the employment may be terminated without further liability on the part of our Company. Cause is considered to be an act or acts of serious dishonesty, fraud, or material and deliberate injury related to our business, including personal enrichment at the expense of our Company. If there is a termination for cause the benefits of any bonus for the period preceding termination would be forfeit. 77 Table of Contents In addition, the agreement provides for Mr. Cook to be able to terminate the agreement for Good Reason. Good Reason is considered to be (1) an adverse change in his status or position as CEO, (2) a reduction in base salary, or (3) action by us that adversely affected his participation in the benefits. (4) In accordance with an Independent Director Agreement with the Company for his services as a director, Mr. Shkolnik is to receive 25,000 per quarter and 5,000,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at approximately 687,500 vesting quarterly over twenty-four months. The quarterly cash payments of 25,000 will be paid in unrestricted common shares if the Company has not been funded adequately to make such payments. (5) In accordance with an Independent Director Agreement with the Company for his services as director, Mr. Thomas is to receive 10,000 per quarter and 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at approximately 119,000 vesting quarterly over twenty-four months. The quarterly payment of 10,000 may be suspended by the Company if the Company has not been adequately funded. (6) In accordance with an agreement with Mr. Wharton, the Company is to pay Mr. Wharton 8,000 per month for months one and two, 10,000 per months for months three and four and 15,000 per month thereafter starting August 1, 2021 for a term of three years with mutual agreement of additional years. Either Mr. Wharton or the Company can terminate the agreement upon notice of three months by either party. In addition, Mr. Wharton is to receive 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company vested over two years, fully vested, as defined, for a major contract or funding event that he generates. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Our board of directors in our entirety acts as the compensation committee for TPT Global Tech, Inc. BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPENSATION All of our officers and/or directors will continue to be active in other companies. All officers and directors have retained the right to conduct their own independent business interests. The term of office for each Director is one (1) year, or until his/her successor is elected at our annual meeting and qualified. The term of office for each of our Officers is at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has no nominating, auditing committee or a compensation committee. Therefore, the selection of person or election to the Board of Directors was neither independently made nor negotiated at arm's length. At this time, our Directors do not receive cash compensation for serving as members of our Board of Directors. Only our outside Directors receive cash compensation for serving as members of our Board of Directors. (REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 78 Table of Contents The following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation paid to our directors for services as directors, but not including compensation for services as officers reported in the "Summary Executives Compensation Table" during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019: Name Year Fees earned or paid in cash ) Stock awards ) Option awards ) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ) Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) All other compensation ) Total ) Stephen J. Thomas, III (1) 2022 2021 2020 2019 Richard Eberhardt (2) 2022 2021 2020 2019 Arkady Shkolnik (3) 2022 2021 2020 100,000 201,979 301,979 2019 100,000 346,250 446,250 Reginald Thomas (3) 2022 2021 2020 40,000 35,000 75,000 2019 40,000 60,000 100,000 John F. Wharton (4) 2022 21,300 21,300 2021 30,000 8,875 38,875 ________________________________ (1) Mr. Thomas is also an officer and as such he receives the compensation as disclosed in the Executive Compensation Table. (2) Mr. Eberhardt is also an officer and as such he receives the compensation as disclosed in the Executive Compensation Table. (3) In August 2018, a majority of the outstanding voting shares of the Company voted through a consent resolution to support a consent resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company to add two new directors to the Board. As such, Arkady Shkolnik and Reginald Thomas were added as members of the Board of Directors. The total members of the Board of Directors after this addition is four. In accordance with agreements with the Company for his services as a director, Mr. Shkolnik is to receive 25,000 per quarter and 5,000,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at approximately 687,500 vesting quarterly over twenty-four months. The quarterly cash payments of 25,000 will be paid in unrestricted common shares if the Company has not been funded adequately to make such payments. Mr. Thomas is to receive 10,000 per quarter and 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at approximately 119,000 vesting quarterly over twenty-four months. The quarterly payment of 10,000 may be suspended by the Company if the Company has not been adequately funded. Both the 5,000,000 and 1,000,000 shares granted were issued during the year ended December 31, 2020 and are no longer reflected in subscriptions payable as of December 31, 2021 or 2020. (4) Mr. Wharton was appointed a Director effective August 1, 2021. In accordance with an agreement with Mr. Wharton, the Company is to pay Mr. Wharton 8,000 per month for months one and two, 10,000 per months for months three and four and 15,000 per month thereafter starting August 1, 2021 for a term of three years with mutual agreement of additional years. Either Mr. Wharton or the Company can terminate the agreement upon notice of three months by either party. In addition, Mr. Wharton is to receive 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company vested over two years, fully vested, as defined, for a major contract or funding event that he generates. 79 Table of Contents Limitation on Liability and Indemnification We are a Florida corporation. The Florida Revised Statutes provide that the articles of incorporation of a Florida corporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except that any such provision may not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or our stockholders, (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) acts specified in Section 78 (concerning unlawful distributions), or (iv) any transaction from which a director directly or indirectly derived an improper personal benefit. Our articles of incorporation contain a provision eliminating the personal liability of directors to our company or our stockholders for monetary damages to the fullest extent provided by the Florida Revised Statutes. The Florida Revised Statutes provides that a Florida corporation must indemnify a person who was wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative and whether formal or informal (a Proceeding ), in which he or she was a party because the person is or was a director, against reasonable expenses incurred by him or her in connection with the Proceeding, unless such indemnity is limited by the corporation s articles of incorporation. Our articles of incorporation do not contain any such limitation. The Florida Revised Statutes provide that a Florida corporation may indemnify a person made a party to a Proceeding because the person is or was a director against any obligation incurred with respect to a Proceeding to pay a judgment, settlement, penalty, fine (including an excise tax assessed with respect to an employee benefit plan) or reasonable expenses incurred in the Proceeding if the person conducted himself or herself in good faith and the person reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in an official capacity with the corporation, that the person s conduct was in the corporation s best interests and, in all other cases, his or her conduct was at least not opposed to the corporation s best interests and, with respect to any criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws allow for such indemnification. A corporation may not indemnify a director in connection with any Proceeding by or in the right of the corporation in which the director was adjudged liable to the corporation or, in connection with any other Proceeding charging that the director derived an improper personal benefit, whether or not involving actions in an official capacity, in which Proceeding the director was judged liable on the basis that he or she derived an improper personal benefit. Any indemnification permitted in connection with a Proceeding by or in the right of the corporation is limited to reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such Proceeding. The Florida Revised Statutes, unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, a Florida corporation may indemnify an officer, employee, fiduciary, or agent of the corporation to the same extent as a director and may indemnify such a person who is not a director to a greater extent, if not inconsistent with public policy and if provided for by our bylaws, general or specific action of our board of directors or stockholders, or contract. Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents to the full extent permitted by Florida law. Our articles of incorporation also provide that we may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of our company or who is or was serving at our request as a director, officer or agent of another enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION Key Employees Stock Compensation Plan Effective October 14, 2017, we adopted the 2017 TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan provides for grants of nonqualified stock options and other stock awards, including warrants, to designated employees, officers, directors, advisors and independent contractors. A maximum of 20,000,000 shares of our common stock were reserved for options and other stock awards under the Plan. We have the ability to issue either options or warrants under the Plan. OPTION/WARRANT GRANTS IN THE LAST FISCAL YEAR On October 14, 2017, the Board of Directors and majority stockholders of TPT approved the 2017 TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan the 2017 Plan. There are 20,000,000 shares of our common stock reserved under the 2017 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we had no options outstanding to purchase shares of common stock of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 18,116,666 warrants were issued to purchase 18,116,666 shares of common stock in conjunction with financing arrangements entered into. See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements. 80 Table of Contents Option/Warrant Grants In The Last Fiscal Year On October 14, 2017, the Board of Directors and majority stockholders of TPT approved the 2017 TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan the 2017 Plan. There are 20,000,000 shares of our common stock reserved under the 2017 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were 129,116,666 warrants outstanding that expire in five years or in the years ended December 31, 2024 -2027. As part of the Convertible Promissory Notes payable third party issuance in Note 5, the Company issued 1,000,000 warrants to purchase 1,000,000 common shares of the Company at 70 of the current market price. Current market price means the average of the three lowest trading prices for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of the respective exercise notice. However, if a required registration statement, registering the underlying shares of the Convertible Promissory Notes, is declared effective on or before June 11, 2019 to September 11, 2019, then, while such Registration Statement is effective, the current market price shall mean the lowest volume weighted average price for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the conversion date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of the FirstFire Note, the Cavalry Investment Note and the Cavalry Fund I Note agreements. Warrants to purchase 110,000,000 shares of common stock at 110 of the opening price on the first day the Company trades on the Nasdaq exchange were issued to these note holders. On January 31, 2022, TPT Global Tech, Inc. issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of Talos and Blue Lake Note Agreements. Warrants to purchase 18,116,666 shares of common stock at 0.015 per share provided, however, that if the Company consummates an uplist offering on or before July 6, 2022 then the exercise price shall be 110 of the offering price at which the uplist offering is made. The warrants issued under these convertible promissory notes were considered derivative liabilities valued at 187,745 of the total 4,822,398 derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022. See Note 5. Current market price means the average of the three lowest trading prices for our common stock during the ten-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of the respective exercise notice. The exercise of the options, warrants, convertible promissory notes and Series A, B, C, D, and E Series Preferred Stock into shares of our common stock could have a dilutive effect to the holdings of our existing shareholders. Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year End The following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding equity awards held by our appointed executive officers for year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Named Executive Officers"): Option Awards Stock awards Name Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) Option exercise price ) Option expiration date Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) Market value of shares of units of stock that have not vested ) Equity incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) Equity incentive plan awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ) Stephen J. Thomas, III, CEO and Chairman (1) Richard Eberhardt, COO Gary Cook, CFO ______________________ (1) Does not contemplate the Series A Preferred Stock held 100 by Stephen J. Thomas, III which guarantees the holder to 60 of the outstanding common stock in shares when converted and 60 of any vote prior to or after conversion. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 12,610,847,082 additional common shares would be issued if Mr. Thomas were to convert his Series A Preferred Stock holdings to common stock. The Company would have to authorize more shares as there are only 1,000,000,000 shares authorized currently. 81 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of May 13, 2023 by: each of our directors and the named executive officers; all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and each person or group of affiliated persons known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Beneficial ownership and percentage ownership are determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and includes voting or investment power with respect to shares of stock. This information does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Unless otherwise indicated, such as the case with voting percentages, and subject to applicable community property laws, to our knowledge, each stockholder named in the following table possesses sole voting and investment power over their shares of common stock, except for those jointly owned with that person s spouse. Percentage of beneficial ownership before the offering is based on 1,723,749,021 shares of common stock outstanding as of May 13, 2023. OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner Percent of Class Outstanding Common Shares (2) Number of Common Shares Warrants if fully exercised Percent of Class including Warrants (6) Percent of Class including all classes of voting stock (7) Common Stock Stephen J. Thomas, III, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 13,890,573 (3) 0.81 13,890,573 0.75 60 Common Stock Richard Eberhardt, Director and Chief Operating Officer 17,000,000 0.99 17,000,000 0.92 0.08 Common Stock Arkady Shkolnik, Director 5,000,000 (4) 0.29 5,000,000 0.27 0.02 Common Stock Reginald Thomas, Director 1,165,000 (4) 0.07 1,165,000 0.06 0.01 Common Stock John F. Wharton, Director 2,500,000 (5) 0.15 2,375,000 0.13 0.01 Common Stock Gary Cook, Chief Financial Officer 5,006,281 0.29 5,006,281 0.27 0.02 Common Stock All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 44,561,854 2.59 44,561,854 2.41 60.14 ___________________ (1) The Address for the above individuals and entities is c/o 501 West Broadway, Suite 800, San Diego, CA 92101. (2) Based upon 1,723,749,021 shares issued and outstanding as of May 13, 2023. (3) Based upon 1,723,749,021 shares issued and outstanding as of May 13, 2023. Does not contemplate the Series A Preferred Stock held 100 by Stephen J. Thomas, III which guarantees the holder to 60 of the outstanding common stock in shares when converted and 60 of any vote prior to or after conversion. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 12,610,847,082 additional common shares would be issued if Mr. Thomas were to convert his Series A Preferred Stock holdings to common stock. (4) In August 2018, the Company added two new directors to the Board. Arkady Shkolnik and Reginald Thomas were added as members of the Board of Directors. The total members of the Board of Directors after this addition is four. In accordance with agreements with the Company for his services as a director, Mr. Shkolnik received 5,000,000 shares of restricted common stock and Mr. Thomas received 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock. (5) Effective August 1, 2021 the Company added another director to the Board, John F. Wharton who is to receive 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company vested over two years. (6) Assuming full exercise of any stock options or warrants. (7) Calculated using voting shares from all classes of common and convertible preferred voting shares. 82 Table of Contents GREATER THAN 5 STOCKHOLDERS Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner Percent of Class Outstanding Common Shares (2) Number of Common Shares Warrants if fully exercised Percent of Class including Warrants (4) Percent of Class including all classes of voting stock (5) Common Stock Stephen J. Thomas, III, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 13,890,573 (3) 0.81 13,890,573 0.75 60 ___________ (1) The Address for the above individuals and entities is c/o 501 West Broadway, Suite 800, San Diego, CA 92101. (2) Based upon 1,723,749,021 shares issued and outstanding as of May 13, 2023. (3) Does not contemplate the Series A Preferred Stock held 100 by Stephen J. Thomas, III which guarantees the holder to 60 of the outstanding common stock in shares when converted and 60 of any vote prior to or after conversion. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 12,610,847,082 additional common shares would be issued if Mr. Thomas were to convert his Series A Preferred Stock holdings to common stock. The Company would have to authorize more shares as there are only 2,500,000,000 shares authorized currently. (4) Assuming full exercise of any stock options or warrants. (5) Calculated using voting shares from all classes of common and convertible preferred voting shares. Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 governs the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. That rule provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who directly or indirectly has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such security. Rule 13d-3 also provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within sixty days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or conversion of a security. Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities of the class owned by such person. Those securities are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. 83 Table of Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF EACH CLASS OF VOTING SECURITIES The following table reflects the beneficial ownership of each class of voting securities as of December 31, 2022. E quivalent Voting Shares Equivalent Voting Percentage Voting Rights Series A Preferred Stock 12,610,547,082 60.00 Shall have the right to vote as if converted prior to any vote at 60 . Series B Preferred Stock 2,588,693 0.020 Shall have the right to vote equal to the number of common shares on a one-to-one basis. Series C Preferred Stock Shall have the right to vote equal to the number of common shares on a one-to-one basis. Series D Preferred Stock 74,998,392 .0.590 Shall have the right to vote on an as-converted basis. Series E Preferred Stock 3,285,381,029 25.835 Shall have the right to vote on an as-converted basis. Common Stock 1,723,749,021 13.55 17,697,564,218 100.00 REPORTS TO SECURITIES HOLDERS We provide an annual report that includes audited financial information to our shareholders. We will make our financial information equally available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10K annually and Form 10Q quarterly. In addition, we will file Form 8K and other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not intend to voluntarily file the above reports in the event that our obligation to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC ), at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Other than the stock transactions discussed herein, we have not entered into any transaction nor are there any proposed transactions in which any of our founders, directors, executive officers, stockholders or any members of the immediate family of any of the foregoing had or are to have a direct or indirect material interest except as follows: There are amounts outstanding due to related parties of the Company of 831,502 and 2,294,570, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to amounts due to employees, management and members of the Board of Directors according to verbal and written agreements that have not been paid as of period end which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the balance sheet. See Note 9. As is mentioned in Note 8, Reginald Thomas was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company in August 2018. Mr. Thomas is the brother to the CEO Stephen J. Thomas III. According to an agreement, as modified, with Mr. Reginald Thomas, he is to receive 5,000 per quarter and 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock valued at approximately 120,000 vesting quarterly over twenty-four months. The quarterly payment of 5,000 may be suspended by the Company if the Company has not been adequately funded. Leases See Note 9 for office lease used by CEO. Amounts Receivable Related Party As of December 31, 2022, there are amounts due from management/shareholders of 518,871 included in amounts receivable related party, receivable from Mark Rowen of Blue Collar and Everett Lanier of IST. 84 Table of Contents On April 17, 2018, the CEO of the Company, Stephen Thomas, signed an agreement with New Orbit Technologies, S.A.P.I. de C.V., a Mexican corporation, New Orbit ), majority owned and controlled by Stephen Thomas, related to a license agreement for the distribution of TPT licensed products, software and services related to Lion Phone and VuMe within Mexico and Latin America License Agreement ). The License Agreement provides for New Orbit to receive a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-transferable license for perpetuity with termination only under situations such as bankruptcy, insolvency or material breach by either party and provides for New Orbit to pay the Company fees equal to 50 of net income generated from the applicable activities. The transaction was approved by the Company s Board of Directors in June 2018. There has been no activity on this agreement. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. We incurred approximately 172,000 in audit fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We incurred approximately 136,000 in audit fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 26,487 and 18,500, respectively, in other fees for professional services rendered by our principal independent accountants for all other non-audit services which may include, but not limited to, tax related services, actuarial services or valuation services. (REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 85 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. The following exhibits are incorporated into this Form 10-K Annual Report: EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Chatham International, Inc. (9.30.96) S-1 3.1 12/15/17 3.2 Articles of Incorporation of Cornerstone Capital, Inc. (12.30.98) S-1 3.2 12/15/17 3.3 Articles of Amendment of Art, Music Entertainment, Inc. name change to Global Assets Services, Inc. (7.30.01) S-1 3.3 12/15/17 3.4 Articles of Merger Global Assets Services. Inc. and SDE 3, Inc. (1.17.02) S-1 3.4 12/15/17 3.5 Articles of Amendment of Global Assets Services, Inc. name change to Jointland Development, Inc. (12.27.04) S-1 3.5 12/15/17 3.6 Articles of Amendment of Jointland Development, Inc. Article IV amendment (4.5.10) S-1 3.6 12/15/17 3.7 Articles of Amendment of Jointland Development, Inc. name change to Gold Royalty Corp. (10.19.10) S-1 3.7 12/15/17 3.8 Articles of Amendment of Gold Royalty Corp. new name Reuben Cannon Entertainment, Inc. (8.24.12) S-1 3.8 12/15/17 3.9 Articles of Amendment of Gold Royalty Corp. new name Ally Pharma US, Inc. (10.31.12) S-1 3.9 12/15/17 3.10 Articles of Amendment of Ally Pharma US, Inc. new name TPT Global Tech, Inc. S-1 3.10 12/15/17 3.11 Articles of Amendment of TPT Global Tech, Inc. Preferred Stock Series A B (2.6.15) S-1 3.11 12/15/17 3.12 Articles of Incorporation of Copperhead Digital Holdings, Inc. S-1 3.12 12/15/17 3.13 Articles of Organization of Trucom, LLC S-1 3.13 12/15/17 3.14 Articles of Organization of CityNet Arizona, LLC S-1 3.14 12/15/17 3.15 Certificate of Amendment of Transactive Intermedia, Inc. name change to San Diego Media, Inc. S-1 3.15 12/15/17 3.16 Articles of Organization of K Telecom and Wireless, LLC S-1 3.16 12/15/17 3.17 Articles of Incorporation of Blue Collar, Inc. S-1 3.17 12/15/17 3.18 Articles of Organization of Center for Education in TV and Radio LLC S-1 3.18 12/15/17 3.19 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Organization of Center for Education in TV and Radio LLC name change to Hollywood Riviera Studio, LLC S-1 3.19 12/15/17 3.20 Articles of Organization of HRS Mobile, LLC S-1 3.20 12/15/17 3.21 Bylaws of TPT Global Tech, Inc. S-1 3.21 12/15/17 3.22 Articles of Organization of TPT MedTech, LLC 1-A 3.22 7/2/20 3.23 Articles of Incorporation of InnovaQor, Inc. 1-A 3.23 7/2/20 3.24 Articles of Organization of TPT Federal, LLC 1-A 3.24 7/2/20 3.25 Articles of Organization of Quiklab 1 LLC 1-A/A 3.25 8/28/20 3.26 Articles of Organization of QuickLAB 2, LLC 1-A/A 3.26 8/28/20 3.27 Statement of Correction Correcting the Entity Name QuikLAB 2, LLC 1-A/A 3.27 8/28/20 86 EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 3.28 Articles of Organization of QuickLAB 3, LLC 1-A/A 3.28 8/28/20 3.29 Statement of Correction Correcting the Entity Name QuikLAB 3, LLC 1-A/A 3.29 8/28/20 3.30 Articles of Organization of QuickLAB 4, LLC 1-A/A 3.30 8/28/20 3.31 Statement of Correction Correcting the Entity Name QuikLAB 4, LLC 1-A/A 3.31 8/28/20 3.32 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 8-K 3.32 9/15/21 3.33 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 8-K 3.33 2/11/22 3.34 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation September 30, 2019 8-K 3.34 7/20/22 3.35 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation July 5, 2022 8-K 3.35 7/20/22 3.36 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation March 20, 2022 8-K 3.36 7/20/22 3.37 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation January 2, 2022 8-K 3.37 7/20/22 3.38 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation March 20, 2022 8-K 3.38 7/20/22 3.39 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation September 30, 2023 8-K 3.39 9/22/22 3.40 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation February 14, 2023 8-K 3.40 2/14/23 4.1 Form of Vesting Warrants S-1 4.1 12/15/17 4.2 Form of Unsecured Convertible Commercial Promissory Note - 250,000 S-1 4.2 12/15/17 4.3 Form of Commercial Convertible Promissory Notes S-1 4.3 12/15/17 4.4 2017 TPT Global Tech, Inc. Stock Option And Award Incentive Plan S-1 4.4 12/15/17 4.5 Series A Designation S-1 4.5 12/15/17 4.6 Series B Designation S-1 4.6 12/15/17 4.7 Promissory Note HRS S-1/A 4.7 2/23/18 4.8 Promissory Note Blue Collar S-1/A 4.8 2/23/18 4.9 Promissory Note - Blue Collar - Amendment No. 1 (2.9.18) S-1/A 4.9 10/2/18 4.10 Promissory Note - MatrixSites, Inc. (10.31.17) S-1/A 4.10 10/2/18 4.11 Series C Designation S-1/A 4.11 10/2/18 4.12 Series D Designation 8-K 3.1 3/10/20 4.13 Series D Designation Amendment 1-A 4.13 7/2/20 4.15 Amended Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Preferred Stock September 15, 2021 8-K 4.15 9/15/21 4.16 Series D Preferred Stock Purchase Warrant 1-A/A 4.16 10/22/21 87 EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 4.17 Series D Amendment POS AM 4.17 5/4/22 4.19 Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock September 30, 2019 8-K 4.19 7/20/22 4.20 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock July 5, 2022 8-K 4.20 7/20/22 4.21 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of the Series D Preferred Stock March 20, 2022 8-K 4.21 7/20/22 4.22 Certificate of Designation of the Series E Preferred Stock 8-K 4.22 7/20/22 4.23 Amended Certificate of Designation of the Series E Preferred Stock March 20, 2022 8-K 4.23 7/20/22 10.1 Employment Agreement, Stephen J. Thomas, III S-1 10.1 12/15/17 10.2 Employment Agreement, Gary Cook S-1 10.2 12/15/17 10.3 Employment Agreement, Richard Eberhardt S-1 10.3 12/15/17 10.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger Ally Pharma US, Inc. and TPT Global, Inc. (9.30.14) S-1 10.4 12/15/17 10.5 Purchase Agreement Ally Pharma US, Inc. and K Telecom and Wireless and Global Telecom International LLC (8.1.14) S-1 10.5 12/15/17 10.6 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Copperhead Digital Holdings, Inc. (1.31.15) S-1 10.6 12/15/17 10.7 Lease Agreement between Copperhead Digital Holdings, Inc. and Telecom Finance LLC (9.14.10) S-1 10.7 12/15/17 10.8 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Port 2 Port, Inc. (9.30.15) S-1 10.8 12/15/17 10.9 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and San Diego Media, Inc. (9.30.16) S-1 10.9 12/15/17 10.10 Amendment #1 to Acquisition Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and San Diego Media, Inc. (12.9.16) S-1 10.10 12/15/17 10.11 Asset Acquisition Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Interest Holders of the Lion Phone Technology (12.15.16) S-1 10.11 12/15/17 10.12 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and MatrixSites, Inc. S-1 10.12 12/15/17 10.13 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Hollywood Riviera LLC, HRS Mobile LLC (11.1.17) S-1 10.13 12/15/17 10.14 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Blue Collar Productions, Inc. (11.3.17) S-1 10.14 12/15/17 10.15 HRS Amendment S-1/A 10.15 2/23/18 88 EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 10.16 Amendment No. 1 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Blue Collar Productions, Inc. (2.9.18) S-1/A 10.16 2/23/18 10.17 Amendment No. 2 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Blue Collar Productions, Inc. (3.29.18) S-1/A 10.17 10/2/18 10.18 Amendment No. 3 - Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and Blue Collar Productions, Inc. (3.29.18) S-1/A 10.18 10/2/18 10.19 Independent Director Agreement, Arkady Shkolnik S-1/A 10.19 10/2/18 10.20 Independent Director Agreement, Reginald Thomas S-1/A 10.20 10/2/18 10.21 Product, Software Services License Agreement New Orbit Technologies, Inc. (4.17.17) S-1/A 10.21 10/2/18 10.22 Rescission, Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release S-1/A 10.22 10/2/18 10.23 Security Pledge Agreement - Blue Collar S-1/A 10.23 11/5/18 10.24 Security Pledge Agreement - Matrixsites S-1/A 10.24 11/5/18 10.25 Securities Purchase Agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings 8-K 10.1 3/22/19 10.26 Securities Purchase Agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC 8-K 10.1 3/27/19 10.27 Convertible Promissory Note with Auctus Fund, LLC 8-K 10.2 3/27/19 10.28 Common Stock Purchase Warrant 8-K 10.3 3/27/19 10.29 Asset Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and SpeedConnect , LLC 8-K 10.1 4/8/19 10.30 Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Future Receipts 8-K 10.1 3/3/20 10.31 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement with Bridge Internet, LLC 8-K 10.1 3/19/20 10.33 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and The Fitness Container, LLC 1-A/A 6.33 8/28/20 10.34 Security and Pledge Agreement between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and The Fitness Container, LLC 1-A/A 6.34 8/28/20 89 EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 10.35 Secured Promissory Note between TPT Global Tech, Inc. and The Fitness Container, LLC 1-A/A 6.35 8/28/20 10.36 COVID-19 Parking Lot Testing License Agreement 8-K 10.1 8/17/20 10.37 Letter of Intent between Medytox Diagnostics, Inc., EPIC Reference Labs, Inc. and Rennova Health, Inc. and TPT MedTech, LLC dated August 6, 2020 8-K 10.1 9/9/20 10.38 Interim Management Agreement 8-K 10.2 9/9/20 10.39 Strategic Partnership Agreement 8-K 9/10/20 10.40 Purchase Agreement S-1 10.40 10/28/20 10.41 Settlement Agreement S-1 10.41 10/28/20 10.42 Commercial Promissory Note with Michael A. Littman Ally, Defined Benefit Plan S-1 10.42 10/28/20 10.43 Security and Pledge Agreement to Michael A. Littman, Defined Benefit Plan S-1 10.43 10/28/20 10.44 Amendment and Extension Agreement No. 1 with Michael A. Littman, Atty, Defined Benefit Plan S-1/A 10.44 1/15/21 10.45 Addendum to Amendment and Extension Agreement No. 1 with Michael A. Littman, Atty, Defined Benefit Plan S-1/A 10.45 1/15/21 10.46 Release and Termination Agreement S-1/A 10.46 1/15/21 10.47 Common Stock Purchase Agreement with White Lion Capital, LLC S-1 10.47 6/30/21 10.48 Registration Rights Agreement with White Lion Capital, LLC S-1 10.48 6/30/21 10.49 Placement Agent Fee Agreement with CIM Securities, LLC 1-A POS 6.36 8/5/21 10.50 Amendment to Placement Agent Fee Agreement with CIM Securities, LLC 1-A POS 6.37 8/5/21 10.51 Placement Agent Fee Agreement, Amendment No. 2, with CIM Securities, LLC 1-A POS 6.38 9/22/21 10.52 Convertible Promissory Note with FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund LLC 8-K 10.1 10/19/21 10.53 Securities Purchase Agreement with FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund LLC 8-K 10.2 10/19/21 10.54 Convertible Promissory Note with Cavalry Investment Fund, LP 8-K 10.3 10/19/21 10.55 Securities Purchase Agreement with Cavalry Investment Fund, LP 8-K 10.4 10/19/21 10.56 Convertible Promissory Note with Cavalry Fund I, LP 8-K 10.5 10/19/21 10.57 Securities Purchase Agreement with Cavalry Fund I, LP 8-K 10.6 10/19/21 10.58 Amendment No. 1 to Common Stock Purchase Agreement with White Lion Capital, LLC 8-K 10.1 1/12/22 10.59 Placement Agent Fee Agreement, Amendment No. 3, with CIM Securities, LLC 1-A POS 6.39 2/7/22 90 EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/Period End Date 10.60 Convertible Promissory Note with Talos Victory Fund, LLC 8-K 10.1 2/8/22 10.61 Securities Purchase Agreement with Talos Victory Fund, LLC 8-K 10.2 2/8/22 10.62 Convertible Promissory Note with Blue Lake Partners, LLC 8-K 10.3 2/8/22 10.63 Securities Purchase Agreement with Blue Lake Partners, LLC 8-K 10.4 2/8/22 10.64 Amendment to Engagement Agreement and Placement Agent Fee Agreement 1-A POS 6.40 2/17/22 10.65 Settlement Agreement with John Ogren 8-K 10.1 10/27/21 10.66 Amendment No. 4 to Placement Agent Fee Agreement Effective March 1, 2022 1-A POS 6.41 3/4/22 10.67 Amended and Restated Promissory Note with Crestmark Bank 8-K 10.1 6/27/22 10.68 Convertible Promissory Note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 8-K 10.2 6/27/22 10.69 Securities Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 8-K 10.3 6/27/22 10.70 Acquisition and Purchase Agreement 8-K 2.1 10/21/22 10.71 First Addendum to Acquisition and Purchase Agreement 8-K 2.2 10/21/22 10.72 Amendment No. 5 to Placement Agent Fee Agreement Effective 1-A POS 6.42 3/23/23 10.73 Securities Purchase Agreement Asberry 22 Holdings, Inc. 8-K 10.1 4/3/23 10.74 Convertible Promissory Note 8-K 10.2 4/3/23 10.75 Agreement and Plan of Merger 8-K 10.3 4/3/23 10.76 Security and Pledge Agreement 8-K 10.4 4/3/23 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial/Accounting Officer 32.1 Section 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 32.2 Section 906 Certification of Principal Financial/Accounting Officer 99.1 Trucom LLC Complete Patent S-1 99.1 12/15/17 99.2 Patent Assignment Ellifson to TruCom LLC(2.11.13) S-1 99.2 12/15/17 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained within Exhibit 101) Filed Herewith ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 91 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. TPT GLOBAL TECH, INC. /s/ Stephen J. Thomas, III May 16, 2023 Stephen J. Thomas, III (Chief Executive Officer/Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Gary L. Cook May 16, 2023 Gary L. Cook (Chief Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Stephen J. Thomas, III May 16, 2023 Stephen J. Thomas, III, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board /s/ Gary L. Cook May 16, 2023 Gary L. Cook, Chief Financial Officer /s/ Richard Eberhardt May 16, 2023 Richard Eberhardt, Chief Operating Officer and Director /s/ Arkady Shkolnik May 16, 2023 Arkady Shkolnik, Director /s/ Reginald Thomas May 16, 2023 Reginald Thomas, Director /s/ John F. Wharton May 16, 2023 John F. Wharton, Director 92 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 tptw_ex211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES
 
 tptw_ex211.htm EXHIBIT 21.1 List of Subsidiaries Copperhead Digital Holdings, Inc. and Arizona limited liability company Trucom, LLC an Arizona limited liability company CityNet Arizona, LLC a Delaware limited liability company San Diego Media, Inc. a California corporation Blue Collar Production, Inc. a California corporation TPT SpeedConnect, LLC a Colorado limited liability company TPT MedTech, LLC a Colorado limited liability company InnovaQor, Inc. a Colorado corporation (name changed to TPT Strategic, Inc.) TPT Federal, LLC a Colorado limited liability company The Fitness Container, LLC a California limited liability company Quiklab 1 LLC a Colorado limited liability company QuikLAB 2, LLC a Colorado limited liability company QuikLAB 3, LLC a Colorado limited liability company TPT Global Tech Asia Limited, a Hong Kong corporation TPT Global Defense Systems, Inc., a Colorado corporation TPT Media and Entertainment, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company VuMe Live, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company TPT Global Caribbean, Inc., a Grenada corporation Digithrive, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company TPT Innovations Technology, Inc., a Colorado corporation TPT MedTech UK LTD, a England private limited company Information Security and Training, LLC, an Alabama limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tptw_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tptw_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT I, Stephen J. Thomas, III, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TPT Global Tech, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 16, 2023 /s/ Stephen J. Thomas, III Stephen J. Thomas, III (Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tptw_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tptw_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT I, Gary L. Cook, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TPT Global Tech, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: May 16, 2023 /s/ Gary L. Cook Gary L. Cook (Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 tptw_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tptw_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of TPT Global Tech, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Stephen J. Thomas, III, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: May 16, 2023 /s/ Stephen J. Thomas, III Stephen J. Thomas, III (Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 tptw_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tptw_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of TPT Global Tech, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report I, Gary L. Cook, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: May 16, 2023 /s/ Gary L. Cook Gary L. Cook (Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tptw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tptw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tptw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tptw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

