<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1381871_0001575872-23-000553.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18004659</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>169577</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1234669</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12461212</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1751099</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1843570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575872-23-000553.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413161715
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-23-000553
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			bowmo, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001381871
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORCYCLES, BICYCLES & PARTS [3751]
		IRS NUMBER:				264144571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54624
		FILM NUMBER:		23818554

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 EAST 51ST STREET
		STREET 2:		#208
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-893-1112

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 EAST 51ST STREET
		STREET 2:		#208
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cruzani, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	US Highland, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100224

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Harcom Productions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575872-23-000553.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 bomo-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

bowmo, Inc. 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended , 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from __________ to __________

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 
 
 City, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None.

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: , par value 0.0001 per share.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports). Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

x

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-b2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 
 No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 

 based on 0.0002, the closing price of the registrant s Common Stock on that date.

As of March 31, 2023, the registrant had 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

 None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 2 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 12 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 12 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 12 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 12 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 12 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 14 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 14 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 16 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 17 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 17 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 18 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 18 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 19 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 21 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 22 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 23 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 23 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 25 

SIGNATURES 
 
 26 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements present our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and include statements regarding, among other things, our projected revenue growth and profitability, our growth strategies and opportunity, anticipated trends in our market and our anticipated needs for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, anticipate, estimate, plans, potential, projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, management believes, we believe, we intend or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology.

From time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases, in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report.

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise.

For discussion of factors that we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results see Item 1A Risk Factors below.

In this Report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, bowmo, the Company , we , us or our refer to bowmo, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries.

Cruzani, Inc., a Wyoming corporation that was incorporated on February 5, 1999 Cruzani ), was previously a franchise development company that built and represented popular franchise concepts, and other related businesses, throughout the United States as well as in international markets.

On April 29, 2022, Cruzani entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with bowmo Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cruzani Merger Sub ), bowmo, Inc., a Delaware corporation that was incorporated on May 22, 2015 Target ), and Michael E. Lakshin on behalf of Target s stockholders. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on May 4, 2022, Merger Sub was merged with and into Target with Target surviving the merger as the wholly owned subsidiary of Cruzani (the Merger ). As consideration for the Merger, Cruzani received all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Target, and the legacy stockholders of Target received shares of Series G preferred stock of Cruzani having voting rights equivalent to 78 of the total voting rights of all holders of capital stock of Cruzani.

On June 16, 2022, Cruzani filed articles of amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Wyoming to change its name to bowmo, Inc. 

ii 

`P ART I

I TEM 1. BUSINESS

Overview

Prior to the Merger, Cruzani was reassessing its business model and strategic goals. Upon completion of the Merger, however, we have decided to pursue our Vertically Integrated Business Model VIBM) which is capable of providing services and added value to all segments of the human resources technology HR-Tech) market globally. Our goal is to constantly improve our HR-Tech platform to address present and future market needs by offering a unique combination of proprietary artificial intelligence AI) based technology with a do-it-yourself sourcing experience able to match candidates to jobs without having to use keyword searches or Boolean strings.

Our AI-driven platform will automate the end-to-end hiring processes with its AI-based matching engine while providing just-in-time content, resources, and tools, such as video interviewing and cultural and technical assessments so that hiring organizations can vet their candidates. We refer to this as Software as a Service SaaS).

We expect to complete our VIBM by our Recruiting as a Service RaaS) which allows clients to outsource the management of the recruiting process RPO). Our RaaS offering will complement our improved HR-Tech platform by offering our clients with a choice of high-touch and high-tech services strategically geared to market needs and objectives.

In addition, our VIBM offers unique added value via e-learning programs by Interview Mastery and Selecting Excellence , designed by Michael R. Neece, one of the pioneers in the human resources e-learning field. Both programs have been continually improving in order to solve the challenges of today s job-market realities for more than 20 years.

Our clients receive assistance across all recruiting functions, such as job-description development, branded career-page management, pre-employment and cultural assessments, and a video interview platform all managed by a team of experienced recruiters.

With our HR-Tech platform as a foundation for our VIBM performing matching and sourcing at the core we are reshaping how businesses find talent and provide a quality on-demand experience.

Management

Our executives are seasoned professionals in internet-enabled businesses and the recruitment industry. Our management team has participated in multiple successful investments and transactions and has extensive business and financial acumen.

Edward Aizman, Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

Michael E. Lakshin, Chairman of the Board and President

Conrad Huss, Co-Chairman of the Board

Facilities

The Company currently has no ownership or leases of property. The Company s business mailing address is 99 Wall Street, Suite 891, New York City, New York. 

Employees

The Company does not have any employees other than our Management. There are no collective-bargaining agreements with our employees, and we have not experienced work interruptions or strikes. We believe our relationship with our employees is good. Our Chief Executive currently has an employment contract.

1 

I TEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

In addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business as they may have a significant impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be considered as a reliable indicator of future performance and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, operating results, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations.

Risk Factors Related to Our Business

Our existing financial resources are insufficient to pay for our ongoing operating expenses.

We currently have limited financial resources and other assets to pay for our ongoing operating expenses. In the short term, unless we are able to raise additional capital, we will be unable to pay for our ongoing operating expenses and may not be able to continue as a going concern.

We may never achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flow from operations.

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 9.2. million. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenditures to develop and market our services and could continue to incur losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future. We may never achieve profitability or positive cash flow in the future, and even if we do, we may not be able to continue being profitable. Any failure to achieve and maintain profitability would continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders deficit and working capital and could result in a decline in the price of our Common Stock or cause us to cease operations.

Because we have a limited operating history under our current platform, it is difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects which increases the risks associated with an investment in our Common Stock.

We launched the Company in May 2015 and operated our current HR-Tech platform powered by AI since October 2015, and we then put into a multi-year process of further development, integration, and branding. As a result, our platform and business model have not been fully proven, and we have only a limited operating history on which to evaluate our business and future prospects. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, including our ability to achieve market acceptance of our platform and attract, retain and incentivize recruiters on our platform, as well as respond to competition and plan for and scale our operations to address future growth. We may not be successful in addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future, and our business and future prospects may be materially and adversely affected if we do not manage these and other risks successfully. Given our limited operating history, we may be unable to effectively implement our business plan which could materially harm our business or cause us to scale down or cease our operations.

Our business depends on a strong reputation and anything that harms our reputation will likely harm our results of operations.

As a provider of permanent staffing solutions as well as consulting and e-Learning services for the HR market, our reputation is dependent upon the performance of the employees we place with our clients and the services rendered by our consultants. We depend on our reputation and name recognition to secure engagements and to hire qualified employees and consultants. If our clients become dissatisfied with the performance of those employees or consultants or if any of those employees or consultants engage in or are believed to have engaged in conduct that is harmful to our clients, our ability to maintain or expand our client base will be harmed. Any of the foregoing is likely to materially adversely affect us.

We may be unable to find sufficient candidates for our staffing business.

Our staffing services business consists of the placement of individuals seeking employment. There can be no assurance that candidates for employment will continue to seek employment through us. Candidates generally seek positions through multiple sources, including the Company and our competitors. In the fall of 2019, unemployment rates were at historical lows. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant effect on unemployment in every state, industry, and major demographic group in the United States and peaked to unprecedented levels in April 2020. According to a release by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, State Employment and Unemployment Summary on June 17, 2022, (i) unemployment rates were lower in May 2022 in 16 states and stable in 34 states and the District of Columbia, (ii) all 50 states and the District of Columbia had jobless rate decreases from a year earlier, (iii) the national unemployment rate remained at 3.6 but was 2.2 points lower than in May 2021 and (iv) the U.S. economy finally climbed within 1 million jobs of pre-COVID levels with 390,000 jobs added in May 2022. The availability of qualified talent may change or become scarcer, depending on macro-economic conditions outside of the Company s control. If finding sufficient eligible candidates to meet employers demands becomes more challenging due to falling unemployment rates or other talent availability issues, the Company may experience a shortage of qualified candidates. Any shortage of candidates could materially adversely affect the Company.

We may require additional capital to fund our business and support our growth, and our inability to generate and obtain such capital on acceptable terms, or at all, could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects.

We intend to continue to make substantial investments to fund our business and support our growth. In addition, we may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our solutions, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire or develop complementary businesses and technologies. As a result, in addition to the revenues we generate from our business, we may need to engage in additional equity or debt financings to provide the funds required for these and other business endeavors. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our Common Stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain such additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely impacted. In addition, our inability to generate or obtain the financial resources needed may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our operations, which may have a significant adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.

2 

If we fail to completely and successfully integrate the assets we acquired, we may not fully realize the anticipated benefits from the acquisition, and our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.

We recently acquired Target and anticipate acquiring additional assets and businesses in the future. Our failure to successfully integrate the assets we acquire may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than we anticipate, or we may not otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits of this acquisition. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our future results of operations or could cause our stock price to decline.

If our due diligence process with respect to acquisitions proves insufficient, we may make poor investment decisions.

Our management is opportunistic in its approach to mergers and acquisitions. We are actively looking to grow our base of clients, intellectual property, assets and suite of recruitment technology solutions. If our processes fail to identify risks and weaknesses of companies that we either acquire or purchase assets from, we may be harmed or have difficulties recouping our investments. Additionally, we may be unable to effectively integrate such assets into our existing business.

Our future growth depends on our ability to attract, retain and incentivize a community of recruiters and other talent acquisition professionals are needed for future growth, and the loss of such recruiters and talent acquisition professionals, or the failure to attract new ones, could adversely impact our business and future prospects.

The size of our community of employers on our platform is critical to our success. Our ability to achieve profitability in the future will depend, in large part, on our ability to attract new users to, and retain existing users on, our platform. Recruiters and other talent acquisition professionals on our Platform can generally decide to cease using our platform at any time. We have experienced growth in the number of recruiters and other talent acquisition professionals on our platform in recent months. This growth may not continue at the same pace in the future or at all. In addition, it is possible that the ongoing effects of COVID-19 may have an adverse effect on our user growth in the future. Achieving growth in our community of users may require us to engage in increasingly sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts that may not result in additional users. We may also need to modify our pricing model to attract and retain such users. If we fail to attract new users or fail to maintain or expand existing relationships in a cost-effective manner, our business and future prospects would be materially and adversely impacted.

If we are unable to respond to technological advancements and other changes in our industry by developing and releasing new services, or improving our existing services, in a timely and cost-effective manner or at all, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new service launches, changing user demands, and evolving industry standards. The introduction of new services based on technological advancements can quickly render existing services obsolete. We will need to expend substantial resources on researching and developing new services and enhancing our platform by incorporating additional features, improving functionality, and adding other improvements to meet our users evolving demands. We may not be successful in developing, marketing, and delivering in a timely and cost-effective manner enhancements or new features to our platform or any new services that respond to continued changes in the market. Furthermore, any enhancements or new features to our platform or any new services may contain errors or defects and may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. Moreover, even if we introduce new services, we may experience a decline in revenue from our existing services that is not offset by revenue from the new services.

3 

If we experience errors, defects, or disruptions in our platform it could damage our reputation, which could in turn materially and adversely impact our operating results and growth prospects.

The performance and reliability of our platform is critical to our reputation and ability to attract and retain recruiters and clients. Any system error or failure, or other performance problems with our platform could harm our brand and reputation and may damage the businesses of users. Additionally, our platform requires frequent updates, which may contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. Any errors, defects, disruptions in service, or other performance or stability problems with our platform could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our platform, loss of competitive position, delay of payment to us or recruiters, or claims by users for losses sustained by them, which could adversely impact our brand and reputation, operating results and future prospects.

The continued operation of our business depends on the performance and reliability of the internet, mobile, and other infrastructures that are not under our control.

Our business depends on the performance and reliability of the internet, mobile, and other infrastructures that are not always under our control. Disruptions in such infrastructures, including as the result of power outages, telecommunications delay or failure, security breach, or computer virus, as well as failure by telecommunications network operators to provide us with the bandwidth we need to provide our products and offerings, could cause delays or interruptions to our products, offerings, and platform. Any of these events could damage our reputation, resulting in fewer recruiters actively using our platform, disrupt our operations, and subject us to liability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We rely on third parties to host our platform, and any disruption of service from such third parties or material change to, or termination of, our arrangement with them could adversely affect our business.

We use third-party cloud infrastructure services providers and co-located data centers in the United States and abroad to host our platform. As of the date of this annual report, we outsource developers from India and Switzerland, including the head of our AI Engineering, Damian Hischier, who is located in Switzerland. We do not control the physical operation of any of the data centers we use. These facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, and similar events. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions to our platform. The facilities also could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of violence, and other misconduct. We may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result of any events that cause interruptions in our service. We may not be able to maintain or renew our agreements or arrangements with these third-party service providers on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew our agreements on commercially reasonable terms, our agreements are terminated, or we add additional infrastructure providers, we may experience costs or downtime in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, new data center providers. If these providers increase the cost of their services, we may have to increase the fees to use our platform, and our operating results may be adversely impacted.

Because we have arrangements with related parties affecting a significant part of our operations, such arrangements may not reflect terms that would otherwise be available from unaffiliated third parties.

We rely on arrangements with related parties for support of our operations, including technical support and employer of record services, and may engage in additional related party transactions in the future. Although we believe that the terms of our arrangements with related parties are reasonable and generally consistent with market standards, such terms do not necessarily reflect terms that we or such related parties would agree to in arms-length negotiations with an independent third party. Furthermore, potential conflicts of interest can exist if a related party is presented with an issue that may have conflicting implications for the Company and such related party. If a dispute arises in connection with any of these arrangements, which is not resolved to the satisfaction of the Company, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

4 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant downturn in the global and United States economies and accordingly a decreased demand for recruitment and staffing services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In late 2019, an outbreak of COVID-19 was first reported in Wuhan, China. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in the implementation of significant governmental measures, including lockdowns, closures, quarantines and travel bans around the world aimed at controlling the spread of the virus. Businesses are also taking precautions, including requiring employees to work remotely or take leave, imposing travel restrictions and temporarily closing their facilities. Initial unemployment numbers have spiked. Uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19 on economic conditions are likely to result in sustained market turmoil and reduced demand for employees, which in its turn has had a negative impact on the recruitment and staffing industry. According to a June 2020 report from CEOToday, the U.S. staffing industry, which previously boasted a market size of 152 billion fell to roughly 119 billion since the COVID-19 outbreak; bringing it down to its lowest level since 2013. This represents a 21 decrease from 2019.

To date the economic impact of COVID-19 has resulted in certain reductions in the Company s business and the Company has devoted efforts to shifting its focus in areas of hiring. As of the date of this filing, to the Company s knowledge, no customer of the Company has gone out of business nor have any counterparties attempted to assert the existence of a force majeure clause, which excuses contractual performance. Because we depend on continued demand for recruitment services, a downturn in the recruitment and staffing industry would have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

While to date the Company has not been required to stop operating, management is evaluating its use of its office space, virtual meetings and the like. We had reduced certain operating costs and expenses to respond to the current economic climate. Additionally, while we have experienced, and could continue to experience, a loss of clients as the result of the pandemic, we expect that the impact of such attrition would be mitigated by the addition of new clients resulting from our continued efforts to adjust the Company s operations to address changes in the recruitment industry. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our operations, ability to obtain financing or future financial results is uncertain at this time. Due to the effects of COVID-19, the Company took steps to streamline certain expenses. Management also worked to reduce unnecessary expenditures and worked to improve certain other capital expenditures, while maintaining overall workforce levels. The Company has seen increased demand for its recruiting solutions in 2022 and has selectively increased salaries and marketing expenditures to support higher demand. The Company expects but cannot guarantee that demand will continue to improve in 2022, as certain clients re-open or accelerate their hiring initiatives, and new clients utilize our services. Overall, management has focused on effectively positioning the Company for a rebound in hiring which we believe has begun and will continue throughout 2022. Ultimately, the recovery may be delayed and the economic conditions may worsen. The Company continues to closely monitor the confidence of its recruiter users and customers, and their respective job requirement load through offline discussions and the Company s Recruiter Index survey.

If internet search engines methodologies or other channels that we utilize to direct traffic to our website are modified, or our search result page rankings otherwise decline, it could negatively affect our future growth.

We depend in part on various internet search engines, such as Google, Yahoo, Bing and others, as well as other internet channels and referral partners to direct traffic to our website. Our ability to maintain the number of visitors directed to our website is not entirely within our control. For example, our competitors search engine optimization and other efforts may result in their websites receiving a higher search result page ranking than ours, internet search engines or other channels that we utilize to direct traffic to our website could revise their methodologies in a manner that adversely impacts traffic to our website, or we may make changes to our website that adversely impact our search engine optimization rankings and traffic. As a result, links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive sufficient traffic to our website, and we may not be able to influence the results. Any of these changes could have an adverse impact on our operating results and future growth.

5 

If we or our third-party partners experience a security breach resulting in unauthorized access to our clients or recruiters data, our data, or our platform, networks, or other systems, our reputation would suffer, demand for our services may be reduced, our operations may be disrupted, we may incur significant legal liabilities, and our business could be materially and adversely affected.

Our business involves storage, processing, and transmission of our clients and recruiters proprietary, confidential, and personal information as well as the use of third-party partners who store, process, and transmit such proprietary, confidential, and personal information. We also maintain certain other proprietary and confidential information relating to our business and personal information of our employees. Any security breach or incident affecting us or third parties on which we rely, including resulting from computer viruses, malware, physical or electronic break-ins, or weakness resulting from intentional or unintentional service provider or employee actions, could result in unauthorized access to, misuse of, or unauthorized acquisition of our or our clients or recruiters data, the loss, corruption, or alteration of this data, interruptions in our operations, or damage to our computers or systems or those of our clients or recruiters. If an actual or perceived security breach affecting us or our third-party partners occurs, public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures would suffer, and result in attrition of recruiters on our platform or loss of clients. Any compromise of our or our third-party partners security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory or other governmental investigations, enforcement actions, and legal and financial exposure, including potential contractual liability. Any such compromise could also result in damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in our security measures. Any of these effects could adversely impact our business, operating results and growth prospects.

Our platform contains open-source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying licenses could restrict our ability to market or operate our platform.

We incorporate many types of open-source software, frameworks and databases. Open-source licenses typically permit the use, modification, and distribution of software in source code form subject to certain conditions. Some open-source licenses require any person who distributes a modification or derivative work of such software to make the modified version subject to the same open source license. Accordingly, although we do not believe that we have used open-source software in a manner that would subject us to this requirement, we may be required to distribute certain aspects of our platform or make them available in source code form. Further, the interpretation of open-source licenses is legally complex. If we fail to comply with the terms of an applicable open source software license, we may need to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our platform and the terms on which such licenses are available may not be economically feasible, to re-engineer our platform to remove or replace the open source software, to limit or stop offering our platform if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely or cost-effective basis, to pay monetary damages, or to make available the source code for aspects of our proprietary technology, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

In addition, generally there are no warranties, assurances of title, performance, or non-infringement, or controls on the origin of the software provided for the open-source software. There is typically no support available for open-source software, and no guarantee of periodic updates to address security risks or continued development and maintenance.

Our future growth depends in part on our ability to form new and maintain existing strategic partnerships with third party solution providers and continued performance of such solution providers under the terms of our strategic partnerships with them.

As part of our growth strategy for the Company and, in particular, its enterprise solution offering, we establish and maintain strategic partnerships with large and established third party solution providers to employers, such as companies specializing in enterprise application software, human resources, payroll, talent, time management, tax and benefits administration. Our strategic partnerships include among other things, integration of our platform with those of our strategic partners, joint marketing and commercial alignment, including joint events, and sales of our services by our partners representatives. We may be unable to renew or replace our agreements with such strategic partners as and when they expire on comparable terms, or at all. Moreover, the parties with which we have strategic relationships may fail to devote the resources necessary to expand our reach and increase our distribution. In addition, our agreements with our strategic partners generally do not contain any covenants that would limit competing arrangements. Some of our strategic partners offer, or could in the future offer, competing products and services or have similar strategic relationships with our competitors, and may choose to favor our competitors solutions over ours. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our growth prospects could be impaired, and our operating results may be adversely impacted. Even if we are successful in establishing and maintaining these strategic relationships with third parties, they may not result in the growth of our client base or increased revenue.

6 

Because we rely on a small number of customers for all of our revenue, the loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows.

We derive our revenue from a limited number of customers. Our relationships with these customers are fundamental to our success. For the year ended December 31, 2022, five (5) customers accounted for 100 of our total revenue. Any termination of a business relationship with, or a significant sustained reduction in business from, one or more of these customers would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows unless we are able to secure new customers with similar volume.

Failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business.

Our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology and data, including our trade secrets, software code, the content of our website, workflows, proprietary databases, registered domain names, registered and unregistered trademarks, trademark applications, copyrights, and inventions (whether or not patentable). In order to protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality provisions and contractual arrangements.

Despite our efforts, third parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property by copying or reverse-engineering information that we regard as proprietary, including our platform, to create products and services that compete with ours. Further, we may be unable to prevent competitors from acquiring domain names or trademarks that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our domain names, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights. Moreover, our trade secrets may be compromised by third parties or our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage derived from the compromised trade secrets. Additionally, effective intellectual property protection may not be available to us in every country in which our platform currently is or may in the future be available. Further, we may be unable to detect infringement of our intellectual property rights, and even if we detect such violations and decide to enforce our intellectual property rights, we may not be successful, and may incur significant expenses, in such efforts. In addition, any such enforcement efforts may be time-consuming, expensive and may divert management s attention. Further, such enforcement efforts may result in a ruling that our intellectual property rights are unenforceable. Any failure to protect or any loss of our intellectual property may have an adverse effect on our ability to compete and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.

We may become subject to intellectual property infringement claims and challenges by third parties.

Third parties may claim that certain aspects of our platform, content, and brand infringe on their intellectual property rights. Any claims or litigation, regardless of merit, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and, if successfully asserted, could require us to pay substantial damages or make ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering certain aspects of our platform, comply with other terms that may be unfavorable to us, or require us to stop using technology that contains the allegedly infringing intellectual property.

Even if intellectual property claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims typically involve large legal fees, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them could divert our management s attention and adversely affect our business and operating results. Although the Company takes steps to ensure the validity and security of purchased assets, the purchase of assets or businesses may give rise to claims of intellectual property infringement.

We may become subject to marketing use, image, defamation, or representation claims and challenges by third parties.

We expect to increase our use of image- and video-based recruiting technology solutions, which function by the recording and capture of images and videos of individuals. We store and communicate these images and video to third parties, including the employers that desire to hire individuals as contractors and employees. In providing the transmission of user-generated content, which includes but is not limited to images and video, we may be exposed to certain litigation risks, including but not limited to the right-to-use, defamation, marketing-use, representation, and other claims by both employers and individuals.

7 

If we or our clients are perceived to have violated or are found in violation of, the anti-discrimination laws and regulations as the result of the use of predictive technologies or external independent recruiters in the recruitment process, it may damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We and our clients may be exposed to potential claims associated with the use of predictive algorithms and external recruiters in the recruitment process, including claims of age and gender discrimination. For example, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Title VII prohibits employers from limiting employment opportunities based on certain protected characteristics, including race, color, religion, sex, and national origin. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (the ADA prohibits discrimination based on age. Certain social media companies, as well as employers purchasing targeted ads from such companies, have recently come under scrutiny for discriminatory advertising. In September 2019, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the EEOC ruled that several employers violated the ADA and Title VII by publicizing job openings on social media through the use of ads that targeted young men to the detriment of women and older workers. If we or our clients are perceived to have violated or are found in violation of, Title VII, the ADA, or any other anti-discrimination laws and regulations as the result of the use of predictive technologies in the recruitment process, it may damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

If we cannot manage our growth effectively, our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.

We have experienced growth. Businesses that grow rapidly often have difficulty managing their growth while maintaining their compliance and quality standards. If we continue to grow as rapidly as we anticipate, we will need to expand our management by recruiting and employing additional executive and key personnel capable of providing the necessary support. There can be no assurance that our management will be able to effectively manage our growth or meet our delivery requirements. Our failure to meet the challenges associated with rapid growth could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

If we are unable to maintain our relationships with payment and banking partners, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

We also rely on a network of disbursement partners to disburse funds to recruiters on our platform, including our banking partners and payment solution providers. We also rely on Amazon.com to send gift cards and merchandise from time to time to independent recruiters and members of our network and community, as incentives for various actions, including submission of qualified candidates and responding to surveys.

Relationships with our payment partners are critical to our business. We may not be able to maintain these relationships in the future on terms favorable to us or at all. Our payment partners may, among other things:

be unable to effectively accommodate evolving service needs, including as the result of rapid growth or higher volume; 

choose to terminate or not renew their agreements with us, or only be willing to renew on less advantageous terms;

change the scope of their services provided to us, cease doing business with us, or cease doing business altogether; or

experience delays, limitations, or closures of their own businesses, networks, or systems, resulting in their inability to process payments or disburse funds for certain periods of time.

8 

Alternatively, we may be forced to cease doing business with our payment processors if card association operating rules, certification requirements and laws, regulations, or rules governing electronic funds transfers to which we are subject change or are interpreted to make it more difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we are unable to maintain our current relationships with payment partners on favorable terms, or if we are unable to enter into new agreements with payment partners, our business may be material and adversely affected.

We operate in an intensively competitive industry, and we may not be able to compete successfully.

The HR-Tech, staffing and recruitment industry is intensely competitive and we face significant competition in all aspects of our business, and we expect such competition to increase, particularly in the market for online procurement of professional employee talent. Larger and more established companies may focus on our direct market and could directly compete with us. Smaller companies, including software developers, could also launch new services that compete with us that could gain market acceptance quickly.

Many of our current and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, greater financial, technical, and other resources, that could allow them to respond more quickly and effectively than we do to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, regulatory conditions, or user preferences or requirements. These companies may use these advantages to offer products and services similar to ours at a lower price, develop different products and services to compete with our platform.

Moreover, current and future competitors may also make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with others, including our current or future third-party partners. By doing so, these competitors may increase their ability to meet the needs of existing or prospective users. These developments could limit our ability to obtain revenue from existing and new users. If we are unable to compete effectively against current and future competitors, our business and operating results would be materially and adversely impacted.

Our future success depends on our ability to retain and attract high-quality personnel, and the efforts, abilities and continued service of our senior management, and unsuccessful succession planning could adversely affect our business.

Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management, operations, and other personnel who are in high demand, are often subject to competing employment offers, and are attractive recruiting targets for our competitors. The loss of qualified executives and key employees, or inability to attract, retain, and motivate high-quality executives and employees required for the planned expansion of our business, may harm our operating results and impair our ability to grow.

We depend on the continued services of our key personnel, including Edward Aizman, a Director and our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, Michael Lakshin, our President and Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Conrad Huss, our Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Company has entered into employment agreements with each of these individuals. Our work with each of these key personnel are subject to changes and/or termination, and our inability to effectively retain the services of our key management personnel, could materially and adversely affect our operating results and future prospects.

If there are adverse changes in domestic and global economic conditions, it may negatively impact our business.

Our business depends on the continued demand for labor and on the economic health of current and prospective clients that use our platform and services. Any significant weakening of the economy in the United States or globally, more limited availability of credit, a reduction in business confidence and activity, economic uncertainty, financial turmoil affecting the banking system or financial markets, a more limited market for independent professional service providers or information technology services, and other adverse economic or market conditions may adversely impact our business and operating results. Global economic and political events or uncertainty may cause some of our current or potential clients to curtail spending on hiring and may ultimately result in new regulatory and cost challenges to our operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a negative effect on the global economic condition as well as the U.S. staffing industry. These adverse conditions could result in reductions in revenue, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased competition, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.

The regulatory framework for privacy and data protection is complex and evolving, and changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy or the protection or transfer of personal data, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business.

During our day-to-day business operations we receive, collect, store, process, transfer, and use personal information and other user data. As the result, we are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, information security, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other content. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection, and information security. We strive to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, and other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security to the extent possible. However, the regulatory framework for privacy and data protection both in the United States and abroad is, and is likely to remain for the foreseeable future, uncertain and complex, is changing, and the interpretation and enforcement of the rules and regulations that form part of this regulatory framework may be inconsistent among jurisdictions, or conflict with other laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations as they apply to us may be interpreted and enforced in a manner that we do not currently anticipate. Any significant change in the applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security, or disclosure of user data, or their interpretation, or any changes regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of users for the collection, use, retention, or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our platform and our products and services, in a manner that could materially affect our business.

The laws, regulations, and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, and information security also continue to evolve. For example, in June 2018, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), effective January 1, 2020, which requires companies that process personal information of California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about such companies data collection, use, and sharing practices and inform consumers of their personal information rights such as deletion rights, allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties, and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. The State of Nevada has also passed a law, effective October 1, 2019, that amends the state s online privacy law to allow consumers to submit requests to prevent websites and online service providers from selling personally identifiable information that they collect through a website or online service. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the privacy and data protection laws and regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and could have a material adverse impact on our business. As a result, we may need to modify the way we treat such information.

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any privacy and data protection policies, laws, rules, and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by individuals, consumer rights groups, governmental entities or agencies, or others. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, significant damages. Further, public scrutiny of or complaints about technology companies or their data handling or data protection practices, even if unrelated to our business, industry, or operations, may lead to increased scrutiny of technology companies, including us, and may cause government agencies to enact additional regulatory requirements, or to modify their enforcement or investigation activities, which may increase our costs and risks.

If we sustain an impairment in the carrying value of long-lived assets and goodwill, it will negatively affect our operating results.

We may have a significant amount of long-lived intangible assets and goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. Under the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S. GAAP ), long-lived assets are required to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value of the asset may not be recoverable. If business conditions or other factors cause profitability and cash flows to decline, we may be required to record non-cash impairment charges. Goodwill must be evaluated for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events indicate it is warranted. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its current fair value, the goodwill is considered impaired. Events and conditions that could result in impairment in the value of our long-lived assets and goodwill include, but are not limited to, significant negative industry or economic trends, competition and adverse changes in the regulatory environment, significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time, limited funding, as well as or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term revenues or profitability. If we record impairment charges related to our goodwill and long-lived assets, our operating results would likely be materially and adversely affected.

9 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. We have previously reported material weaknesses in both the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.

We seek to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight.

Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired, which could result in loss of investor confidence and could have an adverse effect on our stock price.

Our management previously determined that we had material weaknesses in both the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness in internal controls is a deficiency in internal control, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects our ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with GAAP such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We are working to resolve the identified material weaknesses which, if not remediated, could result in erroneous or misstated financial statements and information and could have a material adverse effect on our assets, business, cash flows, cash flows, condition (financial or otherwise), liquidity, prospects, results of operations and stock price.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

Our Common Stock may be affected by limited trading volume and price fluctuations, which could adversely impact the value of our Common Stock.

To date there has been limited trading in our Common Stock and there can be no assurance that an active trading market in our Common Stock will either develop or be maintained. Our Common Stock is likely to experience significant price and volume fluctuations in the future, which could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe that factors such as quarterly fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the condition of the financial markets, including as the result of the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic weakness, could cause the price of our Common Stock to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the belief that we will have poor results in the future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer no assurances that the market for our Common Stock will be stable or appreciate over time.

Because we may issue preferred stock without the approval of our stockholders and have other anti-takeover defenses, it may be more difficult for a third party to acquire us and could depress our stock price.

In general, the Board may authorize, without a vote of our stockholders, an issuance of one or more additional series of preferred stock that have more than one vote per share, although the Company s ability to designate and issue preferred stock is currently restricted by covenants under our agreements with prior investors. Without these restrictions, our Board could issue preferred stock to investors who support us and our management and give effective control of our business to our management. Additionally, issuance of preferred stock could block an acquisition resulting in both a drop in our stock price and a decline in interest of our Common Stock. This could cause the market price of our Common Stock shares to drop significantly, even if our business is performing well, and make it more difficult for shareholders to sell their Common Stock.

10 

Because we can issue additional shares of Common Stock, our stockholders may experience dilution in the future.

We are authorized to issue up to 40,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 27,049,736,362 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of Common Stock without the consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, you may experience more dilution in your ownership of our securities in the future.

The market price of our Common Stock may be volatile and could decline.

The market price of our Common Stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in the future. A number of factors could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline, many of which we cannot control, including the following:

market conditions in the broader stock market in general, or in our industry in particular;

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating results;

introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors;

sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock;

issuance of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations;

additions or departures of key personnel;

regulatory or political developments;

changes in accounting principles or methodologies;

acquisitions by us or by our competitors;

litigation and governmental investigations; and

political and geopolitical events and general economic conditions and trends, including the possible effects of the widespread domestic and global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our Common Stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their Common Stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our Common Stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have often instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business.

We do not anticipate that we will pay dividends on our Common Stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our Common Stock.

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our Common Stock. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on our Common Stock. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our Common Stock if the market price of our Common Stock increases.

11 

I TEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

This information is not required for smaller reporting companies.

I TEM 2. PROPERTIES

The Company currently has no ownership or leases of property. The Company s business mailing address is 99 Wall Street, Suite 891, New York City, New York.

I TEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.

As of the date of this filing, there are no material pending legal or governmental proceedings relating to our Company or properties to which we are a party, and, to our knowledge, there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, executive officers, or affiliates are a party adverse to us or which have a material interest adverse to us.

I TEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

P ART II

I TEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets - Pink Open Market under the ticker symbol BOMO and currently trades on a sporadic and limited basis.

Our shares are subject to Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities and Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. The rule defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common stock and may affect the ability of shareholders to sell their shares. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of the security. Accredited investors, in general, include individuals with assets in excess of 1,000,000 (not including their personal residence) or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse, and certain institutional investors. The rules require the broker-dealer to receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase and require the broker-dealer to deliver a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock prior to the first transaction. A broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the security. Finally, monthly statements must be sent to customers disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks.

Registered Holders

As of the date of this report, there were 116 record holders of our common stock and 31,297,119,462 shares were in the public float

12 

Dividends

Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors. No dividends on the Company s common stock have ever been paid, and the Company does not anticipate that dividends will be paid on its common stock in the foreseeable future.

Securities Authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.

No securities are authorized for issuance by the Company under equity compensation plans.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, and were not previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K as listed below. Except where noted, all of the securities discussed in this Item 5 were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 18,094,721,962 shares of common stock for the extinguishment of convertible debt as follows:

Creditor

Date

Shares Issued

Principal Retired

Accrued Interest

Fees

Total

Livingston Asset Management LLC

6-May-22

315,275,000

9,500

2,969

3,295

15,764

Livingston Asset Management LLC

6-May-22

392,525,000

12,500

3,831

3,295

19,626

Livingston Asset Management LLC

19-May-22

50,910,200

1,100

396

1,050

2,546

Livingston Asset Management LLC

19-May-22

185,850,000

4,500

1,498

3,295

9,293

Livingston Asset Management LLC

6-Jun-22

376,768,000

18,750

4,329

3,295

26,374

Livingston Asset Management LLC

6-Jun-22

316,566,800

10,000

3,773

2,055

15,828

Livingston Asset Management LLC

10-Jun-22

163,772,200

-

6,134

2,055

8,189

Livingston Asset Management LLC

14-Jun-22

140,214,000

6,250

270

3,295

9,815

Oscalata partners LLC

15-Jun-22

300,727,400

11,000

741

3,295

15,036

Livingston Asset Management LLC

17-Jun-22

467,932,429

25,000

4,460

3,295

32,755

Livingston Asset Management LLC

17-Jun-22

463,470,571

25,000

4,148

3,295

32,443

Livingston Asset Management LLC

22-Jun-22

458,010,714

25,000

3,766

3,295

32,061

Livingston Asset Management LLC

23-Jun-22

453,588,000

25,000

3,456

3,295

31,751

Livingston Asset Management LLC

23-Jun-22

443,529,286

25,000

2,752

3,295

31,047

Livingston Asset Management LLC

27-Jun-22

434,833,714

25,000

2,023

3,415

30,438

Livingston Asset Management LLC

27-Jun-22

413,336,143

25,000

519

3,415

28,934

Livingston Asset Management LLC

28-Jun-22

434,891,429

25,000

2,027

3,415

30,442

Livingston Asset Management LLC

29-Jun-22

432,347,429

25,000

1,849

3,415

30,264

Frondeur Partners, LLC

30-Jun-22

429,412,000

25,000

1,644

3,415

30,059

Frondeur Partners, LLC

6-July-22

423,639,000

25,000

1,452

3,415

29,867

Frondeur Partners, LLC

6-July-22

426,672,143

25,000

1,644

3,415

30,059

Trillium Partners, LP

13-July-22

143,324,850

22,000

3,250

3,415

28,665

Trillium Partners, LP

13-July-22

92,680,867

22,000

2,389

3,415

27,804

Frondeur Partners, LLC

18-July-22

421,975,571

25,000

1,123

3,415

29,538

Frondeur Partners, LLC

18-July-22

419,235,857

25,000

932

3,415

29,347

Frondeur Partners, LLC

18-July-22

416,202,571

25,000

932

3,415

29,347

Oasis Capital, LLC

20-July-22

600,000,000

-

27,000

-

27,000

Trillium Partners, LP

07-Sept-22

766,606,000

-

41,133

1,030

42,163

Trillium Partners, LP

14-Sept-22

947,060,606

-

152,850

3,415

156,265

Trillium Partners, LP

27-Sept-22

1,549,444,424

-

252,243

3,415

255,658

Trillium Partners, LP

04-Oct-22

149,833,300

11,000

568

3,415

14,983

Trillium Partners, LP

04-Oct-22

149,436,100

11,000

529

3,415

14,944

Frondeur Partners, LLC

01-Nov-22

141,310,810

25,000

1,260

3,415

29,675

Frondeur Partners, LLC

01-Dec-22

593,368,400

25,000

1,253

3,415

29,668

Trillium Partners, LP

12-Dec-22

117,231,300

7,800

508

3,415

11,723

Trillium Partners, LP

07-Oct-22

1,211,356,045

-

263,083

3,415

266,498

Trillium Partners, LP

24-Oct-22

1,217,151,500

-

264,358

3,415

267,773

Trillium Partners, LP

18-Nov-22

1,634,232,303

-

265,830

3,415

269,245

Total

18,094,721,962

572,400

1,332,922

117,565

2,022,887

13 

I TEM 6. RESERVED

NONE 

I TEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Acquisitions

Interview mastery

On December 16 2022, bowmo, Inc. (the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA with Interview Mastery Corporation Interview Mastery ), a Delaware corporation, by and through Michael R. Neece Neece and Caseridus, Inc. Under the terms of the APA, the Company will pay the purchase price through the issuance of 2,000,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock in two tranches: (i) 1,000,000,000 shares of Company common stock to the stockholders of Interview Mastery that vest immediately for all of the business assets of Interview Mastery,
 valued at 200,000 based on the acquisition date share price of 0.0002
 ; and (ii) 1,000,000,000 shares of Company common stock issued in consideration of Neece s employment with the Company which shall vest over a four (4) year period during which 250,000,000 shares will vest on the first-year anniversary of Neece s employment, followed by vesting in increments of 62,500,000 shares per quarter (3-month period) thereafter until the full amount is vested and all of which shall be contingent upon Neece s continual employment with the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock for the acquisition of Interview Mastery have not been issued, and as such, has been recorded as a liability in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. In connection with the APA, the Company shall create a new board seat and offer such seat to Neece who will be formally invited to join the Company s Board of Directors.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC 805-10 and 805-20. This business combination was accounted for as a related party acquisition, as Neece is the chief product officer of the Company Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to net acquired based on their respective historical costs. The assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, if any, in a business purchase combination be recognized at their historical costs as of the acquisition date. 

The final allocation of the purchase price in connection with the Interview Mastery acquisition was calculated as follows:

Description

Fair Value

Weighted Average Useful Life (Years)

Cash

1,633

Prepaid expenses

997

Loss on acquisition related party 

197,370

200,000

14 

There were no acquisition costs incurred. The approximate revenue and net loss for the acquired business as a standalone entity per ASC 805 from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 was 14,692 and 21,862, respectively, and from January 1, 2022 to December 16, 2022, 13,059 and 15,279, respectively.

Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. See Forward-Looking Statements. 

Revenues

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 186,000, a decrease of 16,000 or 8 compared to 202,000 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily caused by a reduction in our Recruiting as a Service revenue, offset by an increase in our direct placement revenue.

Cost of Revenues

Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 76,000, an increase of 24,000 or 47 compared to 52,000 cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily the result of increased costs associated with direct placement revenue.

Compensation Expense

Compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 432,000 and 404,000, respectively, and consists entirely of compensation paid to officers.

Consulting Fees

Consulting fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 182,000, an increase of 182,000 or 100 from 0 through the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due to the consulting contract acquired in the Merger on May 4, 2022 with a fee of 10,000 to 25,000 per month, payable in a note, in which the consultant shall provide accounting and financial statement services, evaluate business acquisition 
 opportunities,
 a nd help in securing financing.

General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 364,000 compared to 21,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to payments for investor relations, an increase in development expenses
 and a loss of 197,000 as a result of the related party loss on the acquisition of Interview Mastery.

Professional fees

Professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 780,000, an increase of 766,000 or 5,485 compared to 14,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses were due to greater legal and accounting expenses and expenses associated with SEC filings and the extinguishment of debt.

15 

Other Income (Expense)

Total other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,933,000, an increase of 2,955,000 or 13,205
 compared to 22,000 of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expense is primarily the result the recognition and change in the value of derivative liabilities in 2022 of 2,033,000 and additionally the increase of interest expense by 870,000 in 2022 compared to 2021.

Net Loss

The Company had a net loss of 4,580,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of 266,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net loss is a result of the explanations above.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 618,000 in operating activities compared to 274 provided by in the prior year. Cash used in 2022 is primarily the result of a net loss of 4,580,000, the change in the fair value of derivative liabilities of 545,000, and a gain on new methodology for accounting for debt conversion features 28,000, offset by interest expense on put premium on stock settled debt of 146,000, loss on acquisition from related party of 197,000, amortization of debt discount of 289,000, stock-based compensation of 216,000, initial derivative expense of 2,578,000, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued interest of 972,000.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash flows from investing activities was 2,150 and 0, respectively. The increase is primarily the result of the cash acquired in the reverse merger and acquisition.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 782,000 through financing activities compared to 0 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in funds was due greater funds from financings as the Company evaluates its operating options.

The Company currently owes 564,000 on notes payable, most of which are in default, and 670,000 for outstanding convertible notes, net of discounts. 209,681 of the convertible notes payable are in default.

Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going-concern basis. The going concern basis assumes that assets are realized, and liabilities are extinguished in the ordinary course of business at amounts disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. The Company has incurred recurring losses from operations . The Company has an accu
mulated deficit of approximately 9.2 million, and a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 4.6 million. Of the loss, approximately 1.6 million was due to operations and the remainder was due primarily to interest expense and the derivative liabilities. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern depends upon its ability to obtain adequate funding to support its operations through continuing investments of debt and/or equity by qualified investors/creditors, internally generated working capital and monetization of intellectual property assets. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management is currently pursuing a business strategy which includes raising the necessary funds to finance the Company s development and marketing efforts. 

There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or available from external sources such as debt or equity financings, or other potential sources. The inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources will force the Company to substantially curtail and cease operations, therefore, having a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any funds, if available, will possess attractive terms or not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company s existing stockholders.

I TEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company.

16 

I TEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

F - 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the shareholders and the board of directors of 
 bowmo
 , Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of bowmo
, Inc. as of December 31, 202 2
 and 202 1
, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 202 2
 and 202 1
, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.

We determined that there are no critical audit matters.

/S/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020

April 1 3

, 2023

PCAOB ID .

F - 2 

b owmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total Current Assets

Total Assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Accrued interest

Accrued officer compensation

Loans payable, current portion

Loans payable, related party

Convertible Notes, net of debt discount

Put premium on stock settled debt

Derivative liability

Deferred revenue

Total Current Liabilities

Loans payable, net of current portion

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT:

Series A Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Series B Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Series C Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Series D Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Series E Preferred stock to be issued

Series F Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Series G Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Series AA Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Series Super Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 
2021, respectively

Common stock shares authorized, par value; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively at December 31, 2022, and 2021

Common stock to be issued, and shares as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively

Treasury stock, at cost shares and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 
2021, respectively

Additional paid in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total Stockholders Deficit

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

 .

F - 3 

bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries

C onsolidated Statements of Operations

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Revenue

Cost of revenue

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Compensation expense

Consulting fees

Professional fees

General and administrative

Total operating expenses

Loss from operations

Other income (expenses):

Interest expense

Forgiveness of notes payable PPP loan

Grant income

Gain on new methodology for accounting for debt conversion features

Initial recognition of derivative liability

Change in fair value of derivative liability

Total other income (expenses)

Loss before income taxes

Provision for income taxes

Net Loss

Net loss per common share basic 

and diluted

Weighted average common shares basic 

and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

 .

F - 4 

bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries

C onsolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

Series AA Preferred Stock

Super Preferred Stock

Series A Preferred Stock

Series B Preferred Stock

Series C Preferred Stock

Series D Preferred Stock

Series F Preferred Stock

Series G Preferred Stock

Series E Preferred Stock to be issued

Common Stock

Common Stock

Additional Paid-In

Treasury

Accumulated

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

to be Issued

Capital

Stock

Deficit

Total

Balan

 ce December 31, 2021 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Recapitalization at reverse merger - May 4, 2022 

-

-

Stock-based compensation 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Distributions to shareholders 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Relative fair value of warrants issued with convertible debt 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Shares issued for extinguishment of convertible debt 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Net loss 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balance, December 31
, 2022 

-

-

-

-

-

F - 5 

bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit For the Year Ended December 31, 2021

Preferred Stock

Common Stock

Additional 

Total

Series AA

Super Preferred

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Stockholders' 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

BALANCE AT December 31, 2020

-

-

Non-cash issuance of preferred shares for services

-

-

-

-

-

Net loss

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

BALANCE AT December 31, 2021

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements

 .

F - 6 

bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries

C onsolidated Statements of Cash Flows

December 31, 

December 31,

2022

2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

 provided by (used in) operating activities:

Interest expense incurred on put premium on stock settled debt

- 

Loss on acquisition related party

- 

Amortization of debt discount

Stock-based compensation and shares issued for services

Gain on new methodology for accounting for debt conversion features

- 

Forgiveness of note payable - PPP Note

- 

Grant income

-

Expenses incurred on extinguishment of convertible debt and accrued interest

- 

Initial derivative expense

- 

Change in fair value of derivative liability

Changes in operating assets and liabilities (net of amounts acquired):

A
ccounts receivable

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

- 

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

- 

- 

Accrued compensation

Deferred revenue

Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Operating Activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Cash acquired in Reverse Merger

- 

Cash acquired in Acquisition

-

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities

- 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Proceeds from loans payable

- 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable

- 

Distributions to shareholders

- 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

- 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash And Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year

Cash And Cash Equivalents - End of Year

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash and Non-cash Transactions:

Cash paid for interest

- 

- 

Common stock issued for extinguishment of debt and accrued interest

- 

Tangible assets acquired in Merger

- 

Equity acquired in Merger, net of cancellation of shares

- 

Debt discount associated with issuance of warrants and derivative liabilities

- 

Put premium on stock settled debt extinguishment

- 

Issuance of Series G Preferred Stock

- 

Accrual for shares to be issued for acquisition of Interview Mastery

- 

F - 7 

bowmo, Inc. and Subsidiaries

N otes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Years Ended December 31, 202 2
 and 202 1

of the total voting equity securities to bowmo s stockholders.

Upon completion of the acquisition, bowmo is treated as the surviving entity and accounting acquirer although Cruzani was the legal acquirer. Accordingly, the historical financial statements are those of bowmo.

Organization and Business

bowmo, Inc. (FKA Cruzani, Inc.) (the Company 
 is an AI-powered recruiting platform. The Company s principal lines of business are direct placement of candidates with employers and Recruiting as a Service 
 which allows the Company s customers to outsource the management of their recruiting process to the Company. 
 The Company offers recruiting software and services through an online
 AI-driven platform to connect potential candidates to employers for all businesses looking to address hiring needs.
 
 The Company was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2016.

Accounting for Reverse Merger

The fair value of Cruzani assets acquired and liabilities assumed was based upon management s estimates.

Accounts payable

Accrued interest

Accrued officer compensation

Convertible Notes

Put premium on stock settled debt

Loans payable

Net Tangible Assets Acquired

Equity Acquired:

Series A Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding

Series B Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding

Series C Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding

Series D Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding

Series E Preferred stock to be issued

Series F Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value ; shares issued and outstanding

Common stock shares authorized, par value; shares issued and outstanding

Treasury stock, at cost shares

Additional paid in capital

Consideration:

Series G Preferred Stock holding the voting rights to of the total voting equity securities to bowmo s stockholders

F - 8 

Convertible Instruments

The Company evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with various accounting standards.

ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity provides that instruments convertible predominantly at a fixed rate resulting in a fixed monetary amount due upon conversion with a variable quantity of shares stock settled debt be recorded as a liability at the fixed monetary amount.

ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging generally provides three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur, and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be conventional as defined under professional standards as The Meaning of Conventional Convertible Debt Instrument. 

The Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the instrument is not a stock settled debt and the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments) in accordance with professional standards when Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features, as those professional standards pertain to Certain Convertible Instruments. Accordingly, the Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the share transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the preferred shares.

ASC 815-40 provides that generally if an event is not within the entity s control and could require net cash settlement, then the contract shall be classified as an asset or a liability.

- day guarantee that the candidate will not resign or be terminated in that time period. The Company uses historical evidence as well as additional factors to determine and estimate the amount of consideration received that the Company does not expect to be entitled to. For any amounts received for which the Company does not expect to be entitled, it would not recognize revenue when the candidate is hired but would recognize those amounts received as a refund liability. The Company included in the transaction price the estimated amount of variable consideration per the expected value method. A refund liability would be credited for the difference between cash consideration received and variable consideration recognized. The refund liability would be updated at the end of each reporting period for any changes in circumstances. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021
 there was refund liability on the consolidated balance sheets as historically no direct placement revenue has been refunded to the Company.

Revenue Disaggregation

Recruiting as a Service

Total revenues

of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for more than of accounts receivable, at and , for a total of .

During the year ended December 31, 2022, five 

customers accounted for more than of revenue, at , , , , and , for a total of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for more than of revenue, at and , for a total of .

on the consolidated statement s
 of operations.

million, and a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, of million. Of the loss, approximately million was due to operations and the remainder was due primarily to interest expense and the derivative liabilities. 
The Company s ability to continue as a going concern depends upon its ability to obtain adequate funding to support its operations through continuing investments of debt and/or equity by qualified investors/creditors, internally generated working capital and monetization of intellectual property assets. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management is currently pursuing a business strategy which includes raising the necessary funds to finance the Company s development and marketing efforts. 

F - 13 

shares of the Company s common stock to the stockholders of Interview Mastery, valued at the stock price of on the acquisition date, that vest immediately for all of the business assets of Interview Mastery. An additional shares of Company common stock will be issued as compensation in consideration of Neece s employment with the Company which shall vest over a four ) year period during which shares will vest on the first-year anniversary of Neece s employment, followed by vesting in increments of shares per quarter (3-month period) thereafter until the full amount is vested and all of which shall be contingent upon Neece s continual employment with the Company. These shares were valued using the share price of at the date of acquisition, and they will be expensed as stock-based compensation based on the vesting terms contingent upon continual employment of Neece. In connection with the APA, the Company shall create a new board seat and offer such seat to Neece who will be formally invited to join the Company s Board of Directors.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the acquisition method under the guidance in ASC 805-10 and 805-20. This business combination was accounted for as a related party acquisition, as Neece is the chief product officer of the Company
 . 

 Accordingly, the total purchase consideration was allocated to net 
 assets
 acquired based on their respective historical costs. The assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, if any, in a business purchase combination be recognized at their historical costs as of the acquisition date. 

Prepaid expenses

Loss on acquisition related party 

Total acquisition costs incurred were 
 recorded as a component of General and administrative expenses. As a result of the business combination, the Company recognized a related party loss of which is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The approximate revenue and net loss for the acquired business as a standalone entity per ASC 805 from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 was and , respectively, and from January 1, 2022 to December 17, 2022, and , respectively.

Pro Forma Information

The results of operations of Interview Mastery will be included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of the date of acquisition through the current period end. 

Net Loss

Earnings (Loss) per common share, basic and diluted

F - 14 

Loan 2

Loan 3

Loan 4

Loan 5

Total

Loans 1 through 4 are past due as of the issuance of these financial statements.

Loan 1) On May 30, 2013 and August 12, 2013, Cruzani received advances from a director for and , respectively. On August 12, 2013, the Company entered into an unsecured, non-guaranteed, demand loan agreement with the director for . The loan bears interest at per annum compounded monthly.

Loan 2) On February 27, 2014, and March 19, 2015, Cruzani received advances from a director of , and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company repaid . The advances are unsecured, due on demand and bears interest at per annum compounded and calculated monthly.

Loan 3) On September 18, 2014, May 29, 2015, July 3, 2015, December 2, 2015, and January 4, 2016, Cruzani entered into unsecured, non-guaranteed, loan agreements pursuant to which the Company received proceeds of , , , , and , respectively. The loans bear interest at per annum compounded annually and are due 1 year after the date of issuance.

Loan 4) On December 4, 2014, January 29, 2015, August 12, 2015, August 21, 2015, September 1, 2015, September 15, 2015, November 13, 2015, and December 23, 2015, Cruzani issued unsecured notes payable of , , , , , , and , respectively, to a significant shareholder. The notes bear interest at an annual rate of per annum, are uncollateralized, and due 1 year after the date of issuance.

Loan 5) Entities negatively impacted by the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic were eligible to apply for loans sponsored by the United States Small Business Administration SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL Loan program. On July 15, 2020, the Company received cash proceeds of under this program. In addition, in July 2020, the Company received from the SBA as a COVID-19 Economic Injury Disaster Loan Advance (the EIDL Advance ). The proceeds can be used to fund payroll, healthcare benefits, rent and other qualifying expenses, and the loan is not subject to a loan forgiveness provision. The standard EIDL Loan repayment terms include interest accruing at per annum effective July 15, 2020; the payment schedule contains a one-year deferral period on initial principal and interest payments; the loan term is ; and there is no prepayment penalty or fees. The Company pledged all assets of the Company as collateral for the loan. As of December 31, 2021, the amounts outstanding totaled , and was classified as part of notes payable on the consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, the Company entered into a security agreement with the SBA in which this promissory note is collateralized by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. On January 6, 2021, the SBA announced a one-year extension of the deferral period for loans that commenced in 2020 delaying payments of principal and interest to July 2022. Pursuant to an SBA Procedural Notice in December 2020, the EIDL Advance was forgiven. The Company has recognized the entire EIDL Advance amount of as grant income, which is included in other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

, which were received in full in February 2022. Periodic monthly payments have increased to in the first modification, and reduced to in the second modification. Additionally, the Company entered into an amended security agreement with the SBA in which this promissory note, and the modifications, is collateralized by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company.

December 31, 2024

December 31, 2025

December 31, 2026

December 31, 2027

Thereafter

Total payments

Travel Data Solutions, Inc. (2)

Third Party (7)

Trillium Partners, LP (8)

Trillium Partners, LP (8)

Frondeur Partners LLC (9)

Frondeur Partners LLC (9)

Trillium Partners, LP (10)

King Wharf Opportunities Fund (11)

Trillium Partners, LP (8)

Trillium Partners, LP (8)

Frondeur Partners LLC (9)

Frondeur Partners LLC

Total

Less: debt discount

Convertible notes payable, total

F - 16 

with Travel Data Solutions, Inc., pursuant to which the Company received proceeds of . The notes are convertible at any time after at a mutually agree upon conversion price, bearing interest rate at per annum and due on November 30, 2019. During January and February 2018, the Company received an additional under the same terms as the preciously issued convertible promissory note. As of December 31, 2022, remains outstanding.

2) On January 18, 2019, Cruzani executed a promissory note with Travel Data Solutions LLC for , of which it has received . The note bears interest at , and matures on . The specific terms of conversion are still being negotiated. Commencing on January 31, 2019 and on the thereafter, the Company shall pay to the Holder Three Thousand Two Hundred Eight dollars and Thirty-Three cents of which Two Thousand Nine Hundred Sixteen Dollars and Sixty-Six cents represents payment towards the outstanding Principal Amount and Two Hundred Nineteen Dollars and Sixty-Six cents represents accrued interest thereon. As of December 31, 2022, remains outstanding.

3) Between May 20, 2020 and October 1, 2021, Cruzani entered into several convertible notes with Livingston Asset Management bearing interest at per annum and totaling . These convertible notes were convertible at of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty day period. These convertible notes were accounted for as 
 stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. See Note 7. 
 As of December 31, 2022, these convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock.

4) Between May 25, 2021 and July 6, 2021, Cruzani entered into two convertible notes with Trillium Partners, LP bearing interest at per annum and totaling . These convertible notes were convertible at a fixed price of .
 
 As of December 31, 2022, these convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock.

5) Between November 1, 2021 and May 1, 2022, Cruzani entered into several convertible notes with Frondeur Partners, LLC bearing interest at per annum and totaling . These convertible notes were convertible at of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty day period. These convertible notes were accounted for as 
 stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. See Note 7. 
 As of December 31, 2022, these convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock.

6) On November 17, 2021, Cruzani entered into a convertible note with Oscaleta Partners, LLC bearing interest at per annum and totaling . This convertible note was convertible at of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty day period. This convertible note was accounted for as 
 stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting in a put premium on stock settled debt being recognized See Note 7. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the convertible note was converted into shares of the Company s common stock.

7) On July 7, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to a third party in exchange for . The Convertible Note bears interest at , per annum. All unpaid principal and accrued interest under the Convertible Note will be due and payable in full one year from issuance. After six months from the issuance date, the Holder may elect to convert into that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the outstanding principal balance and unpaid accrued interest under this Note by the amount equal to the anticipate public market price of the Company s common stock multiplied by fifty percent ). This convertible note was accounted for as 
 stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. See Note 7. 
 As of December 31, 2022, this convertible note is in default and the principal and accrued interest balance remain outstanding.

8) Between June 1, 2022 and December 6, 2022, the Company entered into several convertible notes with Trillium Partners, LP bearing interest between and per annum and totaling . These convertible notes are convertible at a fixed price between and . As of December 31, 2022, of these convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock, and are outstanding.

F - 17 

per annum and totaling . These convertible notes are convertible between and of the lowest close bid price of the Company s stock price for a twenty day period. These convertible notes were accounted for as 
 stock settled debt in accordance with ASC 480 - Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , resulting in put premiums on stock settled debt being recognized. See Note 7. 
 As of December 31, 2022, of these convertible notes were converted into shares of the Company s common stock, and of principal remains outstanding.

10) On October 19, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible note with Trillium Partners, LP bearing interest at totaling . The note included an original issue discount of . This convertible note is convertible at the lesser of or of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock price for a thirty day period. The embedded conversion option of the convertible note contains conversion features that qualify for embedded derivative classification as a result of variable conversion price features, which is not a fixed discount rate. See Note 8. 
 This convertible note is fully guaranteed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Eddie Aizman, and President, Michael Lakshin. Additionally, on October 19, 2022, both Mr., Aizman and Mr. Lakshin, entered into pledge agreements in which they each have agreed to secure the Company s payment obligations to the lender with a guaranty and a pledge of shares of Series G preferred stock of the Company, for a total of shares of Series G Preferred Stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance totaled .

11) On October 19, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible note with King Wharf Opportunities Fund bearing interest at totaling . The note included an original issue discount of . This convertible note is convertible at the lesser of or of the lowest trading price of the Company s stock price for a thirty day period. The embedded conversion option of the convertible note contains conversion features that qualify for embedded derivative classification as a result of variable conversion price features, which is not a fixed discount rate. See Note 8. 
 This convertible note is fully guaranteed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Eddie Aizman, and President, Michael Lakshin. Additionally, on October 19, 2022, both Mr., Aizman and Mr. Lakshin, entered into pledge agreements in which they each have agreed to secure the Company s payment obligations to the lender with a guaranty and a pledge of shares of Series G preferred stock of the Company, for a total of shares of Series G Preferred Stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance totaled .

on the statement of operations.

- 

Travel Data Solutions, Inc.

- 

Third party

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Frondeur Partners LLC

Frondeur Partners LLC

Trillium Partners, LP 

King Wharf Opportunities Fund 

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Frondeur Partners LLC

Frondeur Partners LLC

Put premium on stock settled debt

F - 19 

Change Due to Issuances

Change due to exercise / redemptions

Change in fair value

Balance as of December 31, 2021

Change Due to Issuances

Transfer to put premium

Change in fair value

Balance as of December 31, 2022

The Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for its conversion option liabilities as their fair values 
were determined by using Black-Scholes options pricing model. The option-pricing model requires a number of assumptions, of which the most significant are share price, expected volatility and the expected option term (the time from the issuance date until the maturity date). The Company has historically not paid dividends and has no foreseeable plans to issue dividends. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield from governmental zero-coupon bonds with an equivalent term. As, required, these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

- 

Exercise price

- 

Contractual term (in years)

Volatility (annual)

- 

Risk-free rate

- 

shares of common stock, par value. Each share of issued and outstanding common stock shall entitle the holder thereof to fully participate in all shareholder meetings, to cast vote on each matter with respect to which shareholders have the right to vote, and to share ratably in all dividends and other distributions declared and paid with respect to common stock, as well as in the net assets of the corporation upon liquidation or dissolution.
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares of common stock outstanding, respectively.

F - 20 

shares 
of common stock for the extinguishment of convertible debt as follows:

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Oscalata partners LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Livingston Asset Management LLC

Frondeur Partners, LLC

Frondeur Partners, LLC

Frondeur Partners, LLC

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Frondeur Partners, LLC

F - 21 

Frondeur Partners, LLC

Oasis Capital, LLC

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Frondeur Partners, LLC

Frondeur Partners, LLC

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Trillium Partners, LP

Total

Acquisition of Interview Mastery

As discussed in Note 4, on December 16, 2022, the Company acquired Interview Mastery at a purchase price of shares 
of the Company s common stock, valued at using the stock price on the acquisition date. As of December 31, 2022, these shares have not been issued and are recorded as a liability within accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet.

Michael Neece employment agreement

On December 16, 2022, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Michael Neece, Chief Product Officer. Under the agreement, shares of Company common stock will be issued as compensation in consideration of Neece s employment with the Company which shall vest over a four ) year period during which shares will vest on the first-year anniversary of Neece s employment, followed by vesting in increments of shares per quarter (3-month period) thereafter until the full amount is vested and all of which shall be contingent upon Neece s continual employment with the Company. These shares were valued using the share price of at the date of acquisition, and they will be expensed as stock-based compensation based on the vesting terms contingent upon continual employment of Neece. As of December 31, 2022, none of these shares have vested, and the Company has recognized of stock-based compensation within 
general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.

F - 22 

common stock purchase warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the terms therein as a commitment fee.

These warrants have an exercise price per share between - the above and expire between five . The aggregate fair value of the warrants, which was allocated against the debt proceeds totaled based on the Black Scholes Merton pricing model using the following estimates: exercise price ranging from and , - risk free rate, - volatility and expected life of the warrants of to years. The fair value was credited to additional paid in capital and debited to debt discount to be amortized over the term of the loan.

Issued

Exercised

Forfeited

Expired

Outstanding, December 31
, 2022

Exercisable, December 31
, 2022

The Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for its conversion option liabilities as their fair values were determined by using the Binomial option pricing model based on various assumptions. The model incorporates the price of a share of the Company s common stock (as quoted on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board), volatility, risk free rate, dividend rate and estimated life. Significant changes in any of these inputs in isolation would result in a significant change in the fair value measurement. As, required, these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The following table shows the assumptions used in the calculations:

- 

years

As of December 31, 2022 and 

2021, there are and shares of Series AA and Super preferred stock outstanding, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021
, there are and shares of Series A preferred stock outstanding, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021
, there are and shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding, respectively.

As of 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021
 , there are and shares of Series C preferred stock outstanding, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are
 and shares of Series D preferred stock outstanding, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021
, there are and shares of Series F preferred stock issued.

There are and shares of Series G preferred stock issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, as consideration for the reverse merger, the Company issued shares of Series G Convertible Preferred stock.

On November 18, 2021, pursuant to the Founders Agreement, Michael Lakshin, President, and Edward Aizman, CEO, were issued shares of Super Preferred Stock at a fair value of . These preferred shares, along with the Series AA preferred stock, were cancelled on May 4, 2022, upon completion of the Reverse Merger. See Note 1.

F - 24 

and were incurred for recruitment services by an entity owned by Michael Neece, Chief Product Officer.

On December 16, bowmo, Inc. (the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA with a related party, Interview Mastery Corporation Interview Mastery ), a Delaware corporation, by and through Michael R. Neece Neece and Caseridus, Inc. See Note 4. Michael Neece, the seller of Interview Mastery, is the chief product officer of the Company. 

 This resulted in a related party loss of which is included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations.

Through December 31, 2022, the Company owed Eddie Aizman and Michael Lakshin compensation based on their employee agreements. The agreements provide for a salary of and per year, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021
, and 
has been credited to accrued compensation.

On July 8, 2019, the Company executed an employment agreement with Conrad Huss. The agreement provides for a salary of per month. As of December 31, 2022, has been credited to accrued compensation.

million. After investigation, the Company determined that the difference related to liquidated damages that the Company does not believe that it owes.

Since the Company believes that the loss is not probable and no litigation has been pursued at this time, there has been no recognition of this liability on the books and records of the Company.

COVID-19 pandemic contingencies

The spread of the COVID-19 outbreak in the United States has resulted in economic uncertainties which may negatively impact the Company s business operations. While the disruption is expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty surrounding the duration and extent of the impact. The impact of the coronavirus outbreak on the consolidated financial statements cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.

Adverse events such as health-related concerns about working in our offices, the inability to travel and other matters affecting the general work environment could harm our business and our business strategy. While we do not anticipate any material impact to our business operations as a result of the coronavirus, in the event of a major disruption caused by the outbreak of pandemic diseases such as coronavirus, we may lose the services of our employees or experience system interruptions, which could lead to diminishment of our business operations. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and delay the implementation of our business strategy and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which the current global health crisis and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business.

Management is actively monitoring the global situation on its financial condition, liquidity, operations, industry, and workforce.

Legal

During the normal course of business, the Company may be exposed to litigation. When the Company becomes aware of potential litigation, it evaluates the merits of the case in accordance with FASB ASC 450-20-50, Contingencies. The Company evaluates its exposure to the matter, possible legal or settlement strategies and the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. If the Company determines that an unfavorable outcome is probable and can be reasonably estimated, it establishes the necessary accruals. A contingency arises when there is a situation for which the outcome is uncertain, and which should be resolved in the future, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles require recognition of only those losses that are probable and for which a loss amount can be reasonably estimated.

On February 13, 2017, Baum Glass Jayne PLLC Plaintiff obtained a default judgment against the Company in the amount of . Plaintiff has not attempted enforced collection. The amount was included in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022.

 income tax expense reflected in the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the Company incurred a net loss for tax purposes.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carry forwards of 
 and 
, respectively which may be used to offset future taxable income. Approximately 
 will begin to expire in 2036 while 
 will not expire but will be 

Stock-based compensation

Accrued expenses

Net deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Net deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realizability. 

State tax, net of federal benefit

Permanent differences

Valuation allowance

Effective rate

Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limits the ability to utilize net operating losses if a change in ownership occurs over a period. Such limitation of the net operating losses may have occurred, but we have not analyzed it at this time as the deferred tax asset is fully reserved.

On March 27, 2020, the US government signed the CARES Act into law, a trillion relief package to provide support to individuals, businesses, and government organizations during the COVID-19 pandemic. During 2020, in PPP relief was received under the CARES Act and was forgiven free of taxation in 2021.

The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income taxes in the statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had unrecognized tax benefits. There were changes in the Company s unrecognized tax benefits during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did t recogniz e any in
terest or penalties during fiscal 2022 or 2021 related to unrecognized tax benefits.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net increase in valuation allowance was approximately 
 and , respectively.

Tax years - remain open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by other major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.

F - 26 

each, for a total amount of . They bear interest at and are due in full at October 31, 2023, November 30, 2023 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company granted warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with these convertible notes. These warrants have an exercise price of and a term of five years.

From January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock upon conversion of notes payable.

F - 27 

I TEM
 9 . 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
.

None

I TEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be n o assuranc
e that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

As required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described below.

To address these material weaknesses, management engaged financial consultants, performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.

The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR for the Company. Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The framework used by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 and that material weaknesses in ICFR existed as more fully described below.

17 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that as of December 31, 2022 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective at the reasonable assurance level:

1.

 We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2.

 We do not have sufficient resources in our accounting function, which restricts the Company s ability to gather, analyze and properly review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness.

3.

 We have inadequate controls to ensure that information necessary to properly record transactions is adequately communicated on a timely basis from non-financial personnel to those responsible for financial reporting. Management evaluated the impact of the lack of timely communication between non financial personnel and financial personnel on our assessment of our reporting controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency represented a material weakness.

4.

 Certain control procedures were unable to be verified due to performance not being sufficiently documented. As an example, some procedures requiring review of certain reports could not be verified due to there being no written documentation of such review. Management evaluated the impact of its failure to maintain proper documentation of the review process on its assessment of its reporting controls and procedures and has concluded deficiencies represented a material weakness.

We intend to continue to address these weaknesses as resources permit.

Notwithstanding the assessment that our ICFR was not effective and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered thereby in all material respects.

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified above.

I TEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

I TEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

None.

18 

P ART III

I TEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

The following table provides certain information regarding our directors and executive officers. We do not have any significant employees other than our current directors and executive officers named in the table below.

Name

Position

Age

Term of Office

Full Time/Part Time

Edward Aizman

Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer

47

April 2020 - Present

Full Time

 Michael E. Lakshin

President and Chairman of the Board

59

April 2020 - Present

Full Time

 Conrad R. Huss

Co-Chairman of the Board

72

May 2022 - Present

Full Time

Other than the employment agreements described in this report, there are no arrangements or understandings between the directors and executive officers listed in the table above and any other person(s) pursuant to which he was elected as a director or appointed as an executive officer.

Edward Aizman, Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer

Mr. Aizman, 47, serves as a Funder and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Aizman is accomplished staffing and recruiting professional with over 19 years of experience in recruiting, sales, management, business development, and marketing. From Mar 1997 to August 2016, Mr. Aizman served as the Account Manager with SANS Consulting Services, Inc. located in Greater New York City Area, Mr. Aizman s Clients included: JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, and others. In September 2016, Mr. Aizman joined us our Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer. On May 27, 2022, Mr. Aizman was appointed as a Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. We believe Mr. Aizman is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his expensive experience in Recruiting Industry.

Michael E. Lakshin, MBA, President and Chairman of the Board

Mr. Lakshin, 59, is a seasoned business executive and serial entrepreneur with more than 28 years of start-up and senior business management experience. Participated in launching and developing various business ventures and overseeing multiple IPOs in the U.S. and internationally. Designed and managed more than 50 marketing/advertising and IR campaigns for various companies across multiple industries worldwide. Holds Executive MBA from Rutgers Business School. Prior to joining bowmo, Mr. Lakshin served as the CEO of 8K Miles Media Group, the South-Asian Indian Media Company and the COO and Managing Director of Crescendo Communications, LLC., New York-based Investor Relations Company. Mr. Lakshin joined bowmo in April 2020 as the Chief Revenue Officer to spearhead its new investment strategies and on May 27, 2020 Mr. Lakshin has been appointed BOWMO s Chairman of the Board and President. We believe Mr. Lakshin is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his vast financial, marketing and operational experience.

Conrad R. Huss, Co-Chairman of the Board

Prior to joining us upon completion of the Merger, Mr. Huss, 71, served as the sole officer and director of Cruzani. Mr. Huss is a financial professional with over 25 years of investment banking and operating experience. Most recently, he was with Ocean Cross Capital Markets, as Senior Managing Director from 2011 to 2013. Previously, Mr. Huss served as the Senior Managing Director at Southridge Investment Group from 2006 to 2011. We believe Mr. Huss is qualified to serve as a director of the Company due to his financial and operational experience.

Director Independence

We are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the Board of Directors be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority of independent directors. 

19 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

None of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years:

any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences);

being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

Audit Committee

We currently do not have a separately standing Audit Committee due to our limited size. Our Board performs the functions that would otherwise be performed by an Audit Committee.

Compensation Committee

The Company does not have a Compensation Committee due to our limited size and our Board performs the functions that would otherwise be performed by a Compensation Committee. Our Board intends to form a Compensation Committee when needed.

Other Committees

We do not currently have a separately-designated standing nominating committee. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date, no security holders have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size of our Board, it is not practical for us to have committees other than those described above, or to have more than two directors on such committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations, we intend to expand the size of our board and our committees and allocate responsibilities accordingly.

Potential Conflicts of Interest

Because we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have a financial expert, nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company has only five directors, and to date, such directors have been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors.

Significant Employees

We do not have any significant employees other than our current executive officers and directors named in this Report.

20 

Code of Ethics

Our Board has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. Although not required, the Code of Ethics also applies to our directors. The Code of Ethics provides written standards that we believe are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure and compliance with laws, rules and regulations, including insider trading, corporate opportunities and whistleblowing or the prompt reporting of illegal or unethical behavior. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics, without charge, upon request in writing us. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent (10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

Based solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were timely.

I TEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The following table presents summary information regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by and paid to our executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

Name

Capacities in which

compensation was received

Year

Cash Compensation )

Other Compensation )

Total Compensation )

Edward Aizman

Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer

2022

60,000

120,000

 (1)

180,000

2021

42,606

260,430

 (1)

303,036

Michael E. Lakshin

President and Chairman of the Board

2022

66,667

133,333

 (2)

200,000

2021

52,052

249,648

 (2)

301,700

Conrad R Huss

Co-Chairman of the Board

2022

0

120,000

 (3)

120,000

2021

0

412,000

 (3)

412,000

1 
 Mr. Aizman is owed an aggregate amount of 284,514 and 260,430 in accrued but unpaid base salary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mr. Aizman will begin receiving his accrued compensation in equal tranches when we begin generating positive cash flows. 

(2)

 Mr. Lakshin is owed an aggregate amount of 152,871 and 249,648 in accrued but unpaid base salary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mr. Lakshin will begin receiving his accrued compensation in equal tranches when we begin generating positive cash flows.

(3)

 Mr. Huss is owed an aggregate amount of 532,000 in accrued but unpaid base salary as of December 31, 2022. Mr. Huss will begin receiving his accrued compensation in equal tranches when we begin generating positive cash flows.

General

We currently compensate our executive officers through base salary. Each of our executive officers has substantial responsibilities in connection with our day-to-day operations.

21 

Base Salary

We have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Aizman. The agreement provides for a salary of 180,000 per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 284,514 and 260,430 in accrued but unpaid base salary, respectively.

We have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Lakshin. The agreement provides for a salary of 200,000 per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 152,871 and 249,648 has been credited to accrued compensation, respectively..

We have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Huss. The agreement provides for a salary of 10,000 per month. As of December 31, 2022, 532,000 has been credited to accrued compensation.

Equity Awards

We have adopted an equity incentive plan though, as of the date of this 10-K we have issued no awards under the plan.

Health and Welfare Benefits and Pension and Retirement Plans

As of the date of this 10-K, we offer no group life, health, hospitalization, or medical reimbursement or relocation benefits. We have, however, adopted a 401(k) retirement plan.

Termination and Change of Control Payments

As of the date of this 10-K, we do not have any plans or agreements which provide compensation in the event of a termination of employment or a corporate change in control.

Director Compensation

We do not compensate our directors for their services as directors. We do, however, reimburse our directors for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in fulfilling their duties as directors.

I TEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The following tables set forth certain information regarding our shares of Common Stock beneficially owned as of December 31, 2022, for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each named executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the tables for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children.

For purposes of these tables, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2019. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our Common Stock held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2019 is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Cruzani, Inc., 208 E. 51 Street, Suite 208, NYC, NY 10022

22 

Name and Address

of Beneficial Owner(1)

Series of Shares

Amount of Beneficial Ownership 

 Number

Percentage

Greater than 10 Stockholders

None

Directors and Executive Officer

Edward Aizman

Series G Preferred Stock

558,000

43

Michael E. Lakshin

Series G Preferred Stock

442,000

35

Conrad R Huss

Series B Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock and Series F Preferred Stock (1)

5,005,101

3.7

All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons)

6,005,101

81.7

(1)

Mr. Huss owns 5,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, 5,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 101 shares of Series F Preferred Stock.

I TEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

Under Item 404 of Regulation S-K, we are required to describe any transaction, since the beginning of December 31, 2015, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest involving the lesser of 120,000 or one percent (1 of the average of the Company s total assets as of the end of last two completed fiscal years. A related person is any executive officer, director, nominee for director, or holder of 5 or more of the Company s Common Stock, or an immediate family member of any of those persons.

See the section captioned Executive Compensation of this 10-K for a discussion of the compensation arrangements of our directors and executive officers.

I TEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

BF Borgers CPA PC served as our independent registered public accountants for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Audit Fees

For the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we were billed approximately 25,000
 for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements.

Audit Related Fees

There were no fees for audit related services rendered by our independent auditors or the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Tax Fees

There were no fees for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

All Other Fees

There were no other fees for services rendered by our independent auditors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

23 

Pre-Approval Policies

a.

Audit Services

There is no Audit Committee. the Board of Directors will approve that all audit services to be performed by the primary external auditor will be performed pursuant to a written engagement letter which outlines the scope and nature of the services and the fees to be paid for such services, and review the annual audit engagement terms and related fees to see if any change in terms, conditions and fees needed resulting from changes in audit scope.

In addition to the annual audit services engagement, the Board of Directors may grant pre-approval for other audit services, which are those services that only the independent auditor can reasonably provide. The Audit Committee has pre-approved the audit services listed in Appendix A

. All other audit services not listed in Appendix A

 must be separately pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

b.

Audit-Related Services

Audit-related services, including internal control-related services, are assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements and/or the Company s internal control over financial reporting and that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor. The Board of Directors believes that the provision of the audit-related services does not impair the independence of the auditor and is consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor s independence. The Board of Directors has pre-approved the audit-related services.

c.

Non-audit services

The Audit Committee may grant preapproval for those permissible non-audit services classified as all other services that it believes would not impair the independence of the auditor and that are consistent with SEC s rules on auditor independence, including those that are routine and recurring services.

All requests for non-audit services to be provided by the independent director that are not included in the pre-approval policy will be approved by the Board of Directors and include a detailed description of the services.

A list of the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC prohibited non-audit services is attached to this Preapproval Policy as Exhibit 1
. The Company will not engage its independent auditor for such services. The rules of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB should be consulted to determine whether there are possible exceptions of the prohibitions.

d.

Delegation of Authority

As provided in the Act, the Board of Directors may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The Chairman of the Board of Directors is authorized to give specific pre-approval to any audit or non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditor. The Board of Directors does not delegate to management its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent auditor. All pre-approval decisions must be reported to the Board of Directors at its next scheduled meeting for informational purpose only.

24 

P ART IV

I TEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

(a)

EXHIBITS

Exhibit Number

Title of Document

Location

2.1 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2018, by and among Supreme Sweets Acquisition Corp. and US Highland, Inc., collectively as buyer, and Supreme Sweets, Inc. and 2498411 Ontario, Inc., collectively as seller 
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 11, 2018) 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed July 11, 2018. 
 3.2 
 By-laws 
 Incorporated by reference from Form SB-2 filed on December 27, 2006. 
 3.3 
 Series A Preferred Stock Designation 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed October 9, 2015. 
 3.4 
 Series B Preferred Stock Designation 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed November 23, 2015. 
 3.5 
 Series C Preferred Stock Designation 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 20, 2018 
 3.6 
 Series D Preferred Stock Designation 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 20, 2018 
 3.7 
 Series E Preferred Stock Designation 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 15, 2018 
 3.8 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 15, 2018 
 4.1 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2018, by and between Cruzani, Inc. and L2 Capital, LLC. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2018 
 10.1 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2018, by and among the Company as buyer, TruFood Provisions Co., as the target, and Device Corp., as seller. 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed March 14, 2018. 
 10.2 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated March 20, 2018 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed March 22, 2018. 
 10.3 
 Form of Promissory Note by and between the Company and holder, dated May 10, 2018 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed May 29, 2018. 
 10.4 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and holder, dated May 10, 2018 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed May 29, 2018. 
 10.5 
 Form of Warrant Agreement by and between the Company and Holder, dated May 10, 2018 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed May 29, 2018. 
 10.6 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2018, by and among Supreme Sweets Acquisition Corp. and the Company, collectively as buyer, and Supreme Sweets, Inc. and 2498411 Ontario, Inc., collectively as seller 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed July 11, 2018. 
 10.7 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2018, by and between the Company and L2 Capital, LLC 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed August 6, 2018. 
 10.8 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2018, by and between the Company and L2 Capital, LLC 
 Incorporated by reference from the current report on Form 8-K filed August 6, 2018. 
 21.1 
 Schedule of Subsidiaries 
 Incorporated herein by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 20, 2018 
 31 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

To be filed by amendment.

Filed herewith.

In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

25 

S IGNATURES

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

BOWMO, INC.

Date: 
April 13, 2023 

By:

 Michael Lakshin

Name:

 Michael Lakshin

Title:

 President and Chairman of the Board

(Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer)

26 

<EX-31>
 2
 nm035_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Lakshin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of bowmo, Inc. (the registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 13, 2023 

/s/ Michael Lakshin 

Michael Lakshin 

President and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 nm035_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, Michael Lakshin, Acting President,
and Chairman of the Board, of bowmo, Inc. (the Company certifies, under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes
of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge, the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 13, 2023 

/s/ Michael Lakshin 

Michael Lakshin 

President and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bomo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bomo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bomo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bomo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

