<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230411_10-K_edgar_data_1449792_0001493152-23-011850.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6814247</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>273285</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1231315</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2132956</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1337298</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1650683</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-011850.hdr.sgml : 20230411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230411170036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-011850
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PIONEER POWER SOLUTIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001449792
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POWER, DISTRIBUTION & SPECIALTY TRANSFORMERS [3612]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35212
		FILM NUMBER:		23813926

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 KELBY STREET, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			FORT LEE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-867-0700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 KELBY STREET, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			FORT LEE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIERRA CONCEPTS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIERRA CONCEPTS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-011850.txt : 20230411

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the price at which the common equity
was last sold on the Nasdaq Capital Market on such date, was approximately million. For purposes of this computation only, all
officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. 

As
of April 11, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

PIONEER POWER SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Form 10-K 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 21 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 56 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 56 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 60 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 66 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 67 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 67 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 68 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 68 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which include information relating to future events, future
financial performance, financial projections, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such as may, 
 should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, 
 expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, 
 estimates, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance
or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information we have when those statements are made or management s
good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance
or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could
cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 

General
 economic conditions and their effect on demand for electrical equipment, particularly in the commercial construction market, but
 also in the power generation, industrial production, data center, oil and gas, marine and infrastructure industries. 

The
 effects of fluctuations in sales on our business, revenues, expenses, net income (loss), income (loss) per share, margins and profitability. 

Many
 of our competitors are better established and have significantly greater resources and may subsidize their competitive offerings
 with other products and services, which may make it difficult for us to attract and retain customers. 

The
 potential loss or departure of key personnel, including Nathan J. Mazurek, our chairman, president and chief executive officer. 

Our
 ability to generate internal growth, maintain market acceptance of our existing products and gain acceptance for our new products. 

Unanticipated
 increases in raw material prices or disruptions in supply could increase production costs and adversely affect our profitability. 

Our
 ability to realize revenue reported in our backlog. 

Operating
 margin risk due to competitive pricing and operating efficiencies, supply chain risk, material, labor or overhead cost increases,
 inflation, interest rate risk and commodity risk. 

Strikes
 or labor disputes with our employees may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

The
 impact of geopolitical activity on the economy, changes in government regulations such as income taxes, climate control initiatives,
 the timing or strength of an economic recovery in our markets and our ability to access capital markets. 

Material
 weaknesses in internal controls. 

Future
 sales of large blocks of our common stock may adversely impact our stock price. 

The
 liquidity and trading volume of our common stock. 

Our
 business could be adversely affected by an outbreak of disease, epidemic or pandemic, such as the global coronavirus pandemic, or
 similar public threat, or fear of such an event. 

The
foregoing does not represent an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or
risk factors that we are faced with that may cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements.
Moreover, new risks regularly emerge, and it is not possible for us to predict or articulate all risks we face, nor can we assess the
impact of all risks on our business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ from
those contained in any forward-looking statements. Except to the extent required by applicable laws or rules, we undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should
review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for a discussion of the foregoing and other risks that relate to our business and investing in shares of our common stock. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Pioneer
Power Solutions, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (referred to herein as the Company, Pioneer, Pioneer
Power, we, our and us design, manufacture, integrate, refurbish, service, distribute
and sell electric power systems, distributed energy resources, power generation equipment and mobile electric vehicle EV charging solutions. Our products and services are sold to a broad range of customers in the utility, industrial and commercial markets.
Our customers include, but are not limited to, electric, gas and water utilities, data center developers and owners, EV charging infrastructure
developers and owners, and distributed energy developers. We are headquartered in Fort Lee, New Jersey and operate from three (3) additional
locations in the U.S. for manufacturing, service and maintenance, engineering, and sales and administration. 

We
intend to grow our business through continued internal investments in product development and expansion of our manufacturing, engineering,
sales and marketing personnel. 

Description
of Business Segments 

We
have two reportable segments: Transmission Distribution Solutions T D Solutions and Critical Power Solutions Critical Power ). 

Our
 T D Solutions business provides equipment solutions that help customers effectively and efficiently protect, control, transfer,
 monitor and manage their electric energy requirements. These solutions are marketed principally through our Pioneer Custom Electrical
 Products Corp. PCEP brand name. 

Our
 Critical Power business provides customers with our suite of mobile e-Boost EV charging solutions, power generation equipment
 and all forms of service and maintenance on our customers power generation equipment. These products and services are marketed
 by our operations headquartered in Minnesota, currently doing business under both the Titan Energy Systems Inc. Titan and Pioneer Critical Power brand names. 

T D
Solutions Segment 

We design, manufacture, integrate and sell a wide range of distribution and transmission equipment. Our focus since approximately 2020
has been to address the Distributed Generation DG and Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure EVCI markets.
We primarily compete in these markets with our E-Bloc product. E-Bloc combines an automatic transfer switch, circuit protection and special
programmable controls into an integrated, compact outdoor system. We believe that demand for our solutions is driven primarily by new
installations, customer growth and the global transition to lower carbon emissions. 

In
addition, we distinguish ourselves by producing a wide range of highly engineered power solutions, sold either directly to end users,
engineering, procurement and construction EPC firms, or through electrical distributors. We serve customers in a variety
of industries including, but not limited to, utilities, EV charging infrastructure, data center developers and owners, distributed
energy resource developers, EPC contractors and renewable energy developers and producers. 

Our
focus, nevertheless, has been on expanding the sales of our E-Bloc power solution, and as a result, in December 2021, we received a 12
million order for use by one of the largest mass merchandise retailers in the world. This order was secured through one of our distributed
energy resource developers and was approximately 75 completed in 2022. The balance of the contract is expected to be completed and recognized
in the first quarter of 2023. 

4 

Summary
of T D Solutions Segment Offerings 

Product
 Category 
 
 Solutions 
 
 Power
Systems 
 
 Integrated
 Power Centers IPC ): indoor and outdoor power systems integrating any combinations of the following, but not limited
 to: switchgear, controls, engine generator sets, energy storage, fuel cells, solar power and EV charging solutions marketed and
 internally designated as E-Bloc power solutions. 
 
 Circuit
 Protective Equipment 

Low and medium voltage switchgear, switchboards and automatic transfer switches. 

We
engineer, manufacture and integrate these offerings at our facility in Southern California. 

Critical
Power Segment 

Our
Critical Power business designs, manufactures and sells mobile EV charging solutions under our e-Boost suite of products, in addition
to refurbishing and reselling used power generation equipment, distributing new power generation equipment and performing service and
maintenance on our customers existing power generation equipment. Many of these systems are used to maintain reliable, primary,
peak shaving or emergency standby power at facilities where it is required or where the potential consequences of a power outage make
it necessary, such as at major national retailers, hospitals, data centers, communications facilities, factories, military sites, office
complexes and other critical operations. 

Summary
of Critical Power Segment Offerings 

Product
 Category 
 
 Solutions 
 
 Suite
 of 
 e-Boost
 Products 

e-Boost G.O.A.T. (Generator on a Truck) is a truck-mounted option that brings on-demand, high-capacity charging to EV truck and car
 owners at any convenient location. 
 
 e-Boost Mobile is a trailer-mounted solution that provides multiple options for towing and can be available at specific businesses,
 large sports and cultural events and can be relocated with minimal effort on short notice. 
 
 e-Boost Pod is a stationary EV charging solution with customizable higher capacity that can also service other power needs especially
 in emergency situations, such as a power outage, serving as a back-up power source with convenient power connectors and outlets available
 on board. 

Power
 Generation 
 Equipment 

Engine-generator sets: power generation equipment with up to 2 MW of power output per genset, sourced from several manufacturers
 and available for install by our expert, licensed technicians. 
 
 Available individually or in multi-unit paralleled configurations. Fuel options include liquid propane, natural gas, diesel and bi-fuel. 
 
 Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) systems. 

Service 

Scheduled preventative maintenance, and 24/7 repair and support services provided for all makes and models of power generation equipment
 under one to five year contracts. 
 
 Regional service and maintenance: provided by our technicians in the Midwest and Florida. 
 
 National service and maintenance: provided by our technicians and a network of field service providers throughout the United States
 for multi-site, multi-state power generation equipment owners. 
 
 UPS systems from major manufacturers. 

Power
generation systems represent considerable investments that require proper maintenance and service in order to operate reliably during
a time of emergency. Our power maintenance programs provide preventative maintenance, repair and support service for our customers 
power generation systems. To support our customers in managing their critical infrastructure, we maintain inventories of repair parts,
a fleet of service vehicles and a staff of certified field service technicians in the Midwest and Florida. To complete our geographic
coverage, we maintain a network of field service partners located in other regions, enabling us to provide quick-response, 24/7 service
capability that can effectively service and maintain any make and model of back-up power equipment. Our field service organization services
more than 2,700 generators owned by more than 900 customers located throughout the United States and its territories, including for multi-site,
multi-state customers. 

5 

We
recognize discrete revenue streams from service contracts, sales, installation, maintenance and repair services, and we offer service
contracts to all owners of power generation and related equipment, whether or not the equipment was originally sold by us. Our service
agreements have terms ranging from one to five years in duration, providing the Company with a recurring revenue stream. 

Business
Strategy 

We
believe we have established a stable platform from which to develop and grow our business lines, revenues, profitability and shareholder
value. We are focused on internal growth through operating efficiencies, new product development, customer focus and our continued migration
towards more highly-engineered products and specialized services. We intend to significantly increase the percentage of our sales derived
from engineered-to-order products and differentiated services and believe this can be accomplished by targeting market segments such
as EV charging infrastructure, microgrid developers, national and regional retailers, water treatment facilities, data centers and independent
power producers which have growth characteristics exceeding the norm in our industry. 

We
intend to build our revenue and net income at rates exceeding industry norms through internal growth initiatives. Accomplishing these
financial goals will be dependent on a number of factors including our ability to execute the following strategies and actions: 

Establishing
 a scalable organizational infrastructure to support our expected growth; 

Investing
 in our capabilities to provide progressively more advanced equipment and service solutions; 

Continuously
 applying our manufacturing and service resources to their highest and best uses; 

Combining
 and streamlining our business unit supply chains and administrative functions; and 

Improving
 business processes to deliver consistency, quality and value to our customers. 

T D
Solutions Segment 

We
intend to accomplish our growth objectives within our T D Solutions business by emphasizing our capabilities in EV charging infrastructure
and original equipment manufacturers OEMs equipment solutions and continuing to invest in marketing and engineering resources to increase our pipeline of recurring order customers that demand custom solutions for their power needs. 

Critical
Power Segment 

Within
our Critical Power business, we are actively marketing our preventive maintenance services to new national accounts including: major
national retailers, telecommunications companies, data centers, banks, hospitals and health care facilities, educational institutions
and property management companies. Since November 2021, we have been aggressively marketing our e-Boost mobile EV charging
products to electric bus and truck manufacturers, fleet management companies, municipalities and EV infrastructure providers. 

6 

Our
Industry 

The
market for T D equipment and Critical Power solutions is very fragmented due to the range of equipment types, electrical and mechanical
properties, technological standards and service parameters required by different categories of end users for their specific applications.
Many orders are custom-engineered and tend to be time-sensitive since other critical work is frequently being coordinated around the
customer s electrical equipment installation. The vast majority of North American demand for the types of solutions we provide
is satisfied by thousands of producers and service companies in the U.S. 

We
believe several of the key industry trends supporting future growth in our industry are as follows: 

Aging
 and Overburdened North American Power Grid The aging and overburdened North American power grid is expected to require
 significant capital expenditures to upgrade the existing infrastructure over the next several years to maintain adequate levels of
 reliability and efficiency. Significant capital investment will be required to relieve congestion, meet growing demand, achieve targets
 for efficiency, emissions and use of renewable sources, and to replace components of the U.S. power grid operating at, near or past
 their planned service lives. 

Increasing
 Long-Term Demand for Electricity and Reliable Power The Department of Energy s Energy Information Administration,
 or EIA, forecasts that total electricity use in the U.S. will increase by approximately 28 from 2011 to 2040. This increase is driven
 by anticipated population growth, economic expansion, increasing dependence on computing power throughout the economy and the increased
 use of electrical devices in the home. In order to meet growing demand for electricity in North America, substantial investment in
 increased electrical grid capacity and efficiency will be required, as well as the addition of specialized equipment to help ensure
 the reliability and quality of electricity for critical applications. In response to these challenges, there is an increasing trend
 among commercial and industrial companies to invest in on-site power sources, both for standby purposes in the event of a catastrophic
 power outage, or to reduce the amount of electricity they draw from the utility grid during peak periods. 

Rapidly
 Expanding Electric Vehicle (EV) and Charging Infrastructure Market A report from Allied Market Research in 2020 projected
 that the global electric vehicle market will reach 803 billion by the year 2027, registering a compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
 of 22.6 . North America is estimated to reach 194 billion by 2027, at a significant CAGR of 27.5 . In 2010, only about 17,000 electric
 vehicles were on the world s roads. By 2019, that number had swelled to 7.2 million and is increasing rapidly according to
 the International Energy Agency (IEA). Furthermore, in order for EV s to grow at such a rapid pace, it is necessary that infrastructure
 be built to allow for such growth. In 2019, there were about 7.3 million chargers worldwide compared to an insignificant amount ten
 years ago, and the EV infrastructure has become a global priority as major governments and corporations have committed to spending
 billions of dollars towards building EV charging infrastructure. In order to meet the rapidly growing demand for EV s and the
 infrastructure supporting it, substantial investment in grid connectivity and enhancement will be required. 

Customers 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 100 of our sales were to U.S. customers, represented in large part by companies involved
in distributed generation, regulated and non-regulated utilities and industrial and wholesale business. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we sold our electrical equipment and services to over 900 individual customers and our twenty largest customers represented
approximately 78 and 68 of our consolidated revenue, respectively. 

Approximately
45 of our sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 were made to Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC and we did not sell any equipment
to Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC during the year ended December 31, 2021. The majority of our sales to Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC were
made pursuant to contract terms and conditions for each project. 

Approximately 22 of our sales during the year ended December 31, 2021 were made to CleanSpark Inc CleanSpark ). The majority
of our sales to CleanSpark were made pursuant to the Contract Manufacturing Agreement we entered into with CleanSpark in January 2019
(the Contract Manufacturing Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Contract Manufacturing Agreement, the Company manufactured
parallel switchgear, automatic transfer switches and related products (collectively, Products exclusively for purchase
by CleanSpark. The Contract Manufacturing Agreement had a term of 18 months and expired on the 18-month anniversary of the execution of
the Contract Manufacturing Agreement. 

7 

In
connection with the expiry of the Contract Manufacturing Agreement, we entered into a Distribution Agreement with CleanSpark (the Distribution
Agreement ), dated as of May 31, 2021, pursuant to which CleanSpark served as our exclusive distributor of the Products within
any geographic region in which CleanSpark conducts its business. 

On
June 3, 2022, the Company and CleanSpark entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate
the Distribution Agreement. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company agreed to, amongst others, (i) release CleanSpark from
further liabilities due under the Distribution Agreement, including for certain future amounts due under the Distribution Agreement and
certain accounts payable invoices, (ii) assume the responsibility of billing and collecting payment from Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC,
a third party and mutual client of both the Company and CleanSpark for all open sales orders amounts under its outstanding agreements
for Products that have or will be manufactured by the Company, and (iii) return portions of certain deposits advanced to the Company
pursuant to the Distribution Agreement. 

CleanSpark
additionally transferred the services and maintenance agreements and associated rights and liabilities it had related to switchgear products
manufactured by the Company, and the Company assumed all liability and responsibility for all claims of the Products including, but not
limited to, all repairs, defects, and warranty liability of the Products that were previously manufactured by the Company and then distributed
or sold by CleanSpark . 

Additionally,
approximately 19 of our sales during the year ended December 31, 2021 were made to a large international container shipping company
in Hawaii. 

Marketing,
Sales and Distribution 

A
substantial portion of the products we offer are sold directly to customers by our marketing and sales personnel operating from our office
locations in the U.S. Our direct sales force, as well as our authorized manufacturers representatives, market to end users and to third parties, such
as OEMs, EPC firms, electrical wholesalers, energy developers and value added integrators. 

Sales
Backlog 

Backlog
reflects the amount of revenue we expect to realize upon the shipment of customer orders for our products that are not yet complete or
for which work has not yet begun or been completed. Our sales backlog as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 37.2 million, as compared
to 22.8 million as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company experienced a surge in orders for its
E-Bloc power system which was the primary driver for the increase in the Company s year over year ending backlog. Orders included
in our sales backlog are represented by customer purchase orders and contracts that we believe to be firm. 

Competition 

We
experience intense competition from a large number of electrical equipment manufacturers and from distributors and servicers of such
equipment. The number and size of our competitors varies considerably by product line and service category, with many of our competitors
tending to be small, highly specialized or focused on a certain geographic market area or customer. However, several of our competitors
have substantially greater financial and technical resources than us, including some of the world s largest electrical products
and industrial equipment manufacturing companies. A representative list of our direct competitors in our T D Solutions segment includes
Crown Electric Engineering and Manufacturing, LLC, Industrial Electric Machinery, LLC, RESA Power, LLC, Eaton Corporation, Switchgear
Power Systems, LLC, Myers Power Products, Inc. and Powell Industries, Inc. 

We
believe that we compete primarily on the basis of technical support and application expertise, engineering, manufacturing and service
capabilities, equipment rating, quality, scheduling and price. In all our businesses, our objective is to focus our efforts on more specialized,
challenging and complex applications. Accordingly, a critical element to the success of our business is responsiveness and flexibility
in providing custom-engineered solutions to satisfy customer needs. As a result of our long-time presence in the industry, we possess
a number of special designs and libraries of programming code for our equipment that were engineered and developed specifically for our
customers. We believe these factors give us a competitive advantage and that they are a major contributor to our frequency of repeat
customer orders and the longevity of our customer relationships. 

8 

Raw
Materials and Suppliers 

The
principal raw materials purchased by us are steel, copper, sensors, circuit breakers, meters, cassettes and relays. We also purchase
certain electrical components such as switches, fuses, protectors and circuit breakers from a variety of suppliers. These raw materials
and components are available from and supplied by numerous sources at competitive prices. Unanticipated increases in raw material prices
or disruptions in supply could increase production costs and adversely affect our profitability. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
we experienced an increase in raw material costs as a result of disruptions to our supply chain. These disruptions were initially generated
by the recovery from the coronavirus pandemic that had caused many suppliers and sub-suppliers to temporarily reduce or close down excess
facilities. The restart of the world economy created initial pressures on the said facilities reaching their pre-pandemic capacity. More
recently, geopolitical conflicts have further pressured material costs such as aluminum and nickel. These supply pressures have, and
continue to, make it more difficult for us to secure all the material we need in a timely manner in order to meet our obligations and
forecasts regarding our customers orders. Our largest suppliers during the year ended December 31, 2022 included Industrial Connections
 Solutions, LLC, Royal Industrial Solutions, B B Metals, Inc., Eaton Corporation, and Thyssenkrupp Materials NA. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 99 employees consisting of 32 salaried staff and 67 hourly workers. Certain of our employees located at
our manufacturing facility in Santa Fe Springs, California are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with Local Union 1710 of
the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, AFL-CIO that expires in June 2024. 

Environmental 

We
are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other areas, air emissions, discharges into waterways and
the generation, handling, storing, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. These laws and regulations are constantly
changing and it is impossible to predict with accuracy the effect they may have on us in the future. Like many other industrial enterprises,
our manufacturing operations entail the risk of noncompliance, which may result in fines, penalties and remediation costs, and there
can be no assurance that such costs will be insignificant. To our knowledge, we are in substantial compliance with all federal, state,
provincial and local environmental protection provisions, and believe that the future compliance cost should not have a material adverse
effect on our capital expenditures, net income or competitive position. However, legal and regulatory requirements in these areas have
been increasing and there can be no assurance that significant costs and liabilities will not be incurred in the future due to regulatory
noncompliance. 

Corporate
History 

We
were originally formed in the State of Nevada in 2008. On November 30, 2009, we merged with and into Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, for the sole purpose of changing our state of incorporation from Nevada to Delaware and changing our name to Pioneer
Power Solutions, Inc. On September 24, 2013, we completed an underwritten public offering and our common stock began trading on
the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PPSI . 

Available
Information 

Our
corporate website is located at www.pioneerpowersolutions.com. On the investor relations section of our website, we make available, free
of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the Securities and Exchange Commissions SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet site
that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically
with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

Additionally,
we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events and press
and earnings releases as part of the investor relations section of our website. The contents of and the information on or accessible
through our corporate website, including the investor relations portion of our website, are not a part of, and are not intended to be
incorporated into, this report or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC, and any references to our website
are intended to be an inactive textual references only. 

9 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our common stock you should carefully consider the following
risks, together with the financial and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December
31, 2022 and our other periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware
of may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial conditions and operating
results may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock may decline, and you could lose
all or part of your investment. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

We
 are vulnerable to economic downturns in the commercial construction market, which may reduce the demand for some of our products
 and adversely affect our sales, net income, cash flow or financial condition; 

Our
 operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, which makes our operating results difficult to predict and can
 cause our operating results in any particular period to be less than comparable quarters and expectations from time to time; 

Our
 industry is highly competitive; 

We
 currently derive a significant portion of our revenues from one customer. Loss of business from this customer could have an adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and operating results; 

Our
 remaining business units have historically generated operating losses and negative cash flows, which may result in the usage of our
 cash; 

The
 departure or loss of key personnel could disrupt our business; 

Fluctuations
 in the price and supply of raw materials used to manufacture our products may reduce our profits; 

We
 may not be able to fully realize the revenue value reported in our backlog; 

We
 are subject to pricing pressure from our larger customers; 

Deterioration
 in the credit quality of several major customers could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition; 

We
 rely on third parties for key elements of our business whose operations are outside our control; 

Supply
 chain and shipping disruptions may result in shipping delays, a significant increase in shipping costs, and could increase product
 costs and result in lost sales and reputational damage, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results
 and financial condition; 

Our
 business may face cybersecurity risk generally associated with our information technology systems which could materially affect our
 business, and our results of operations could be materially affected if our information technology systems (or third-party systems
 we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, or fail for any extended period of time; 

Our
 business requires skilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees; 

Our
 business operations are dependent upon our ability to engage in successful collective bargaining with our unionized workforce; 

The COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects may adversely affect our
business; 

Delaware
 law and our corporate charter and bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders
 may consider favorable; 

The
 trading volume of our common stock has recently increased to a level that is significantly higher than our historical average. If
 the trading volume of our common stock decreases, we will not be able to ensure investors that an active market for our common stock
 will be sustained; 

Our
 stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors; 

Our
 risk management activities may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks; 

Regulatory,
 environmental, monetary and other governmental policies could have a material adverse effect on our profitability; 

10 

Global,
 market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and stock price; 

We
 face risks associated with litigation and claims, which could impact our financial results and condition; 

Offers
 or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline; 

We
 are subject to financial reporting and other requirements for which our accounting, internal audit and other management systems and
 resources may not be adequately prepared; 

There
 are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected; 

Any
 acquisitions that we have completed, or may complete in the future, may not perform as planned and could disrupt our business and
 harm our financial condition and operations; 

The
 success of our business depends on achieving our strategic objectives, including dispositions; 

If
 we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business that we acquire, we may be required subsequently to
 take write downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our
 financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment; 

We
 may be unable to generate internal growth; and 

In
 the event that we fail to satisfy any of the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted,
 which could affect our market price and liquidity. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

We
are vulnerable to economic downturns in the commercial construction market, which may reduce the demand for some of our products and
adversely affect our sales, net income, cash flow or financial condition. 

A
large portion of our business involves sales of our products in connection with commercial and industrial construction. Our sales to
this sector are affected by the level of discretionary business spending. During economic downturns in this sector, the level of business
discretionary spending may decrease. This decrease in spending will likely reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely
affect our sales, net income, cash flow or financial condition. 

Our
operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, which makes our operating results difficult to predict and can cause
our operating results in any particular period to be less than comparable quarters and expectations from time to time. 

Our
quarterly results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control
and have the potential to materially and adversely affect our results. Factors that affect our operating results include the following: 

the
 size, timing and terms of sales and orders, especially large customer orders; 

variations
 caused by customers delaying, deferring or canceling purchase orders or making smaller purchases than expected; 

11 

the
 timing and volume of work under new agreements; 

the
 spending patterns of customers; 

customer
 orders received; 

a
 change in the mix of our products having different margins; 

a
 change in the mix of our customers, contracts and business; 

increases
 in design and manufacturing costs; 

the
 length of our sales cycles; 

the
 rates at which customers renew their contracts with us; 

changes
 in pricing by us or our competitors, or the need to provide discounts to win business; 

a
 change in the demand or production of our products caused by severe weather conditions; 

our
 ability to control costs, including operating expenses; 

losses
 experienced in our operations not otherwise covered by insurance; 

the
 ability and willingness of customers to pay amounts owed to us; 

the
 timing of significant investments in the growth of our business, as the revenue and profit we hope to generate from those expenses
 may lag behind the timing of expenditures; 

costs
 related to the acquisition and integration of companies or assets; 

general
 economic trends, including changes in equipment spending or national or geopolitical events such as economic crises, wars or incidents
 of terrorism; and 

future
 accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting policies. 

Accordingly,
our operating results in any particular quarter may not be indicative of the results that you can expect for any other quarter or for
an entire year. 

Our
industry is highly competitive. 

The
electrical equipment manufacturing industry is highly competitive. Principal competitors in our markets in the T D Solutions segment
include Crown Electric Engineering and Manufacturing, LLC, Industrial Electric Machinery, LLC, RESA Power, LLC, Eaton Corporation, Switchgear
Power Systems, LLC, Myers Power Products, Inc. and Powell Industries, Inc. Some of these competitors, as well as other companies in the
broader electrical equipment manufacturing and service industry where we expect to compete, are significantly larger and have substantially
greater resources than we do and are able to achieve greater economies of scale and lower cost structures than us and may, therefore,
be able to provide their products and services to customers at lower prices than we are able to. Moreover, our competitors could develop
the expertise, experience and resources to offer products that are superior in both price and quality to our products. While we seek
to compete by providing more customized, highly-engineered products, there are few technical or other barriers to prevent much larger
companies in our industry from putting more emphasis on this same strategy. Similarly, we cannot be certain that we will be able to market
our business effectively in the face of competition or to maintain or enhance our competitive position within our industry, maintain
our customer base at current levels or increase our customer base. Our inability to manage our business in light of the competitive forces
we face could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
currently derive a significant portion of our revenues from one customer. Material or significant loss of business from this customer
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
depend on one customer for a large portion of our business, and any change in the level of orders from this customer could have a significant
impact on our results of operations. Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC accounted for 45 of our total sales in the year ended December 31,
2022. Loss of business from this customer could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. The
majority of our sales to Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC were made pursuant to contract terms and conditions for each project. See Item
1. Business - Customers . 

Our
remaining business units have historically generated operating losses and negative cash flows, which may result in the usage of our cash. 

We have two business units (PCEP and Titan), and
these two units have been unable to earn positive income and generate positive cash flow in their recent history. With 10.3 million
of cash as of December 31, 2022, any such losses will negatively impact our cash balance. 

12 

The
departure or loss of key personnel could disrupt our business. 

We
depend heavily on the continued efforts of Nathan J. Mazurek, our principal executive officer, and on other senior officers who are responsible
for the day-to-day management of our operating subsidiaries. In addition, we rely on our current electrical and mechanical design engineers,
many of whom are important to our operations and would be difficult to replace. We cannot be certain that any of these individuals will
continue in their respective capacities for any particular period of time. The departure or loss of key personnel, or the inability to
hire and retain qualified employees, could negatively impact our ability to manage our business. 

Fluctuations
in the price and supply of raw materials used to manufacture our products may reduce our profits. 

Our
raw material costs represented approximately 54 and 53 of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The principal raw materials purchased by us are copper, sensors, breakers, meters, relays, switches, fuses, protectors and circuit breakers.
These raw materials and components are available from, and supplied by, numerous sources at competitive prices. Unanticipated increases
in raw material prices or disruptions in supply could increase production costs and adversely affect our profitability. We cannot provide
any assurances that we will not experience difficulties sourcing our raw materials in the future. 

We
may not be able to fully realize the revenue value reported in our backlog. 

We
routinely have a backlog of work to be completed on contracts representing a significant portion of our annual sales. As of December
31, 2022, our order backlog was 37.2 million. Orders included in our backlog are represented by customer purchase orders and service
contracts that we believe to be firm. Backlog consists of customer orders that either (1) have not yet been started or (2) are in progress
and are not yet completed. In the latter case, the revenue value reported in backlog is the remaining value associated with work that
has not yet been billed and recognized as revenue. From time to time, customer orders are canceled that appeared to have a high certainty
of going forward at the time they were recorded as new business taken. In the event of a customer order cancellation, we may be reimbursed
for certain costs but typically have no contractual right to the total revenue reflected in our backlog. In addition to us being unable
to recover certain direct costs, canceled customer orders may also result in additional unrecoverable costs due to the resulting underutilization
of our assets. 

We
are subject to pricing pressure from our larger customers. 

We
face significant pricing pressures in all of our business segments from our larger customers. Because of their purchasing size, our larger
customers can influence market participants to compete on price terms. Such customers also use their buying power to negotiate lower
prices. If we are not able to offset pricing reductions resulting from these pressures by improved operating efficiencies and reduced
expenditures, those price reductions may have an adverse impact on our financial results. 

Deterioration
in the credit quality of several major customers could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

A
significant asset included in our working capital is accounts receivable from customers. If customers responsible for a significant amount
of accounts receivable become insolvent or are otherwise unable to pay for products and services, or become unwilling or unable to make
payments in a timely manner, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. A significant deterioration in
the economy could have an adverse effect on these accounts receivable, which could result in longer payment cycles, increased collection
costs and defaults in excess of management s expectations. Deterioration in the credit quality of our major customers could have
a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

We
rely on third parties for key elements of our business whose operations are outside our control. 

We
rely on arrangements with third-party shippers and carriers such as independent shipping companies for timely delivery of our products
to our customers. As a result, we may be subject to carrier disruptions and increased costs due to factors that are beyond our control,
including labor strikes, inclement weather, natural disasters and rapidly increasing fuel costs. If the services of any of these third
parties become unsatisfactory, we may experience delays in meeting our customers product demands and we may not be able to find
a suitable replacement on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms. Any failure to deliver products to our customers in a timely
and accurate manner may damage our reputation and could cause us to lose customers. 

We
also utilize third-party distributors to sell, install and service certain of our products. While we are selective in whom we choose
to represent us, it is difficult for us to ensure that our distributors consistently act in accordance with the standards we set for
them. To the extent any of our end-customers have negative experiences with any of our distributors or manufacturer s representatives;
it could reflect poorly on us and damage our reputation, thereby negatively impacting our financial results. 

13 

Supply
chain and shipping disruptions may result in shipping delays, a significant increase in shipping costs, and could increase product costs
and result in lost sales and reputational damage, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. 

Our
third-party manufacturers and suppliers have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, supply chain disruption and shipping
disruptions, including disruptions or delays in loading container cargo in ports of origin or off-loading cargo at ports of destination,
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, congestion in port terminal facilities, labor supply and shipping container shortages, inadequate
equipment and persons to load, dock and offload container vessels and for other reasons. These disruptions may impact our ability to
receive materials and products from our manufacturers and suppliers, to distribute our products to our customers in a cost-effective
and timely manner and to meet customer demand, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
There can be no assurance that further unforeseen events impacting the supply chain will not have a material adverse effect on us in
the future. Additionally, the impacts that supply chain disruptions have on our third-party manufacturers and suppliers are not within
our control. It is not currently possible to predict how long it will take for these supply chain disruptions to cease or ease. Prolonged
supply chain disruptions that may impact us or our manufacturers and suppliers could interrupt product manufacturing, increase raw material
and product lead times, increase raw material and product costs, impact our ability to meet customer demand and result in lost sales
and reputational damage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business may face cybersecurity risk generally associated with our information technology systems which could materially affect our business,
and our results of operations could be materially affected if our information technology systems (or third-party systems we rely on)
are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, or fail for any extended period of time. 

We
rely on information systems IS in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store data to among other
things: 

receive,
 process and ship orders on a timely basis; and 

manage
 the accurate billing and collections from our customers. 

IS
risks have generally increased in recent years, and a cyberattack that bypasses our IS security systems causing an IS security breach
may lead to a material disruption of our business operations and/or the loss of business information resulting in a material effect on
our business. 

In
addition, we develop products and provide services to our customers that are technology-based, and a cyberattack that bypasses the IS
security systems of our products or services causing a security breach and/or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products or services
could also cause significant reputational harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us by our customers.
Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products or services, or the perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who
use our products to comply with applicable legal requirements, may not only cause us significant reputational harm, but may also lead
to claims against us by our customers and involve fines and penalties, costs for remediation, and settlement expenses. 

Our
IS utilize certain third-party service organizations that manage a portion of our information systems, and our business may be materially
affected if these third-party service organizations are subject to an IS security breach. Risks associated with these and other IS security
breaches may include, among other things: 

future
 results could be materially affected due to theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential data or intellectual
 property; 

operational
 or business delays resulting from the disruption of information systems and subsequent clean-up and mitigation activities; 

we
 may incur claims, fines and penalties, and costs for remediation, or substantial defense and settlement expenses; and 

negative
 publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our customers, partners or industry peers. 

We
have various insurance policies, covering risks in amounts that we consider adequate. There can be no assurance that the insurance coverage
we maintain is sufficient or will be available in adequate amounts or at a reasonable cost. Successful claims for misappropriation or
release of confidential or personal data brought against us in excess of available insurance or fines or other penalties assessed or
any claim that results in significant adverse publicity against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and our reputation. 

14 

Our
business requires skilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees. 

Our
ability to maintain our productivity and profitability will be limited by our ability to employ, train and retain skilled personnel necessary
to meet our requirements. We may experience shortages of qualified personnel. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain an
adequate skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy or that our labor expenses will not
increase as a result of a shortage in the supply of skilled personnel. Labor shortages, increased labor costs or loss of our most skilled
workers could impair our ability to deliver on time to our customers (thereby creating a risk that we lose our customers to competition)
and would inhibit our ability to maintain our business or grow our revenues, and may adversely impact our profitability. 

An
overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market, notably in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, has been recently
observed in the U.S. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs,
such as increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our
manufacturing facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level,
or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing,
have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor,
increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or
cash flows. 

Our
business operations are dependent upon our ability to engage in successful collective bargaining with our unionized workforce. 

If
we are unable to renew our collective bargaining agreements, or if additional segments of our workforce become unionized, we may be subject
to work interruptions or stoppages. Strikes or labor disputes with our employees may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects
may adversely affect our business. 

The global coronavirus pandemic and its ongoing effects
could have a negative impact on our revenues and operating results. This pandemic could result in disruptions and damage to our business,
caused by both the negative impact to our ability to obtain cost effective raw materials, supplies and component parts necessary to operate
our business and the negative impact on our ability to operate our facility should the coronavirus spread more broadly in the regions
we are located, thereby creating an increased risk of exposure to our workforce which cannot operate our facility remotely. The full impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects continues to evolve as the date of this report. As such, it continues to be uncertain
as to the full magnitude that the pandemic will have on our financial condition, liquidity, and future results of operations. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was able to operate substantially at capacity during the COVID-19 pandemic. Given the daily
evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic, its ongoing effects, and the global responses to the continuing crisis, we are not able to estimate
the full effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects at this time, however, if the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
continue or worsen, it may have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Mitigation
efforts will not completely prevent our business from being adversely affected, and the longer the pandemic impacts supply and demand
and the more broadly the pandemic spreads, it is more likely that the impact on our business, revenues and operating results will become
increasingly negative. 

In addition, the continuation
of the COVID-19 pandemic or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could
adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, resulting in an economic downturn that could impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Relating to Our Organization 

Delaware
law and our corporate charter and bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders
may consider favorable. 

Our
board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the voting powers, preferences and
other rights and limitations of the preferred stock. Accordingly, we may issue shares of preferred stock with a preference over our common
stock with respect to dividends or distributions on liquidation or dissolution, or that may otherwise adversely affect the voting or
other rights of the holders of common stock. Issuances of preferred stock, depending upon the rights, preferences and designations of
the preferred stock, may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change of control, even if that change of control might
benefit our stockholders. In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 generally prohibits
a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for
a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to the
date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which
resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock
of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding
(a) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (b) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants
do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer;
or (iii) on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual
or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting
stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section
203 could delay or prohibit mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts with respect to us and, accordingly, may discourage
attempts to acquire us even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above
the prevailing market price. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, and if we are unable to achieve and maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting or effective disclosure controls, this could have a material adverse effect on our business . 

As
discussed in Item 9A Controls and Procedures , we concluded there is a material weakness of our internal control over financial
reporting. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

15 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to remediate our existing material weakness in a timely manner, if at all, or that in the future
additional material weaknesses will not exist, reoccur or otherwise be discovered, a risk that is significantly increased in light of
the complexity of our business. If our efforts to remediate these material weaknesses, as described in Item 9A Controls and Procedures ,
are not successful or if other deficiencies occur, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial position, results of operations,
cash flows or key operating metrics could be impaired, which could result in late filings of our annual and quarterly reports under the
Exchange Act, restatements of our consolidated financial statements or other corrective disclosures. Additional impacts could include
a decline in our stock price, suspension of trading or delisting of our common stock by the Nasdaq Capital Market, or other material
adverse effects on our business, reputation, and results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Furthermore, if we continue
to have this existing material weakness, other material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future, it could create a perception
that our financial results do not fairly state our financial condition or results of operations. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse
effect on the value of our stock. 

Risks
Relating to our Common Stock 

The
trading volume of our common stock has recently increased to a level that is significantly higher than our historical average. If the
trading volume of our common stock decreases, we will not be able to ensure investors that an active market for our common stock will
be sustained. 

The
trading volume of our common stock spiked significantly in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, and our common stock has continued to trade at
higher volumes than our historical average. We do not know why the trading volume of our common stock has spiked significantly; we believe,
however, that the sharp spike in the trading volume of our common stock is the result of a number of factors outside our control, including
recent volatility in the stock market, which continues to remain unpredictable. There has been no recent change in our financial condition
or results of operations that is consistent with the increase in the trading volume of our common stock, and the recent spike in the
trading volume of our common stock may not be sustained. 

In
the event of a rapid decrease in the trading volume of our common stock, there can be no assurance that an active trading market in our
common stock could be maintained, and any illiquidity resulting from such a decrease in the trading volume of our common stock may result
in the market price not accurately reflecting our relative value. If our common stock were to be thinly traded, even limited trading
in our common stock could lead, as it has at times in the past, to dramatic fluctuations in share price, and investors might not be able
to liquidate their investment in us at all or at a price that reflects the value of the business. 

General
Risk Factors 

Our
stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 

The
market price of our common stock is highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond
our control, including the following: 

technological
 innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel, including Nathan J. Mazurek, our chairman, president and chief executive officer; 

sales
 of our common stock, including management shares; 

limited
 availability of freely-tradable unrestricted shares of our common stock to satisfy purchase orders and demand; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

industry
 developments; 

economic
 and other external factors; 

our
 ability to manage the costs of maintaining adequate internal financial controls and procedures in connection with the acquisition
 of additional businesses; 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results; and 

announcements
 of acquisitions. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also significantly affect the market price of our common
stock. 

16 

Our
risk management activities may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. 

Although
we maintain insurance policies for our business, these policies contain deductibles and limits of coverage. We estimate our liabilities
for known claims and unpaid claims and expenses based on information available as well as projections for claims incurred but not reported.
However, insurance liabilities are difficult to estimate due to various factors and we may be unable to effectively anticipate or measure
potential risks to our company. If we suffer unexpected or uncovered losses, any of our insurance policies or programs are terminated
for any reason or are not effective in mitigating our risks, we may incur losses that are not covered by our insurance policies or that
exceed our accruals or that exceed our coverage limits and could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations, cash flows
and financial position. 

Regulatory,
environmental, monetary and other governmental policies could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 

We
are subject to international, federal, provincial, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental matters, including emissions
to air, discharge to waters and the generation and handling of waste. We are also subject to laws relating to occupational health and
safety. The operation of manufacturing plants involves a high level of susceptibility in these areas, and there is no assurance that
we will not incur material environmental or occupational health and safety liabilities in the future. Moreover, expectations of remediation
expenses could be affected by, and potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with, environmental regulations and
health and safety laws that may be adopted or imposed in the future. Future remediation technology advances could adversely impact expectations
of remediation expenses. We can give no assurance that any lawsuits or claims brought in the future will not have an adverse effect on
our financial condition, liquidity or operating results. Types of potential litigation cases include product liability, contract, employment-related,
labor relations, personal injury or property damage, intellectual property, stockholder claims and claims arising from any injury or
damage to persons, property or the environment from hazardous substances used, generated or disposed of in the conduct of our business.
Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages that could adversely affect our ability to
conduct our business. 

Global,
market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and stock price. 

Concerns
over inflation, geopolitical issues, the U.S. financial markets, capital and exchange controls, unstable global credit markets and financial
conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic, have led to periods of significant economic instability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary
spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth going forward, and increased
unemployment rates. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments
and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve,
it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. In addition, there is
a risk that one or more of our current or future service providers, manufacturers, suppliers, our third-party payors, and other partners
could be negatively affected by difficult economic times, which could adversely affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule
and on budget or meet our business and financial objectives. 

In addition, we face several risks associated with international business and are subject to global events beyond our control, including
war, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, trade disputes, economic sanctions, trade wars and their collateral impacts
and other international events. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition
or results of operations. There may be changes to our business if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic
region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters, including
famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. In addition, the consequences of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including
related sanctions and countermeasures, and the effects of rising global inflation, are difficult to predict, and could adversely impact
geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, the global economy, and contribute to increased market volatility, which may in turn adversely
affect our business and operations. 

We
face risks associated with litigation and claims, which could impact our financial results and condition. 

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition could be affected by significant litigation or claims adverse to us. Types of
potential litigation cases include product liability, contract, employment-related, labor relations, personal injury or property damage,
intellectual property, trade secret or unfair competition claims, stockholder claims and claims arising from any injury or damage to
persons, property or the environment from hazardous substances used, generated or disposed of in the conduct of our business. 

17 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could harm the market price of our common stock and make it
more difficult for us to raise funds through future offerings of common stock. Our stockholders and the holders of our options and warrants
may sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market. The availability of these shares of our common stock for resale
in the public market has the potential to cause the supply of our common stock to exceed investor demand, thereby decreasing the price
of our common stock. 

In
addition, the fact that our stockholders, option holders and warrant holders can sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the
public market, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

We
are subject to financial reporting and other requirements for which our accounting, internal audit and other management systems and resources
may not be adequately prepared. 

We
are subject to reporting and other obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
including the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404 requires us to conduct an annual management assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. These reporting and other obligations place significant demands
on our management, administrative, operational, internal audit and accounting resources. Any failure to maintain effective internal controls
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price. 

In
addition, our internal controls will also include those of any company or business that we may acquire in the future. Acquired companies
or businesses are likely to have different standards, controls, contracts, procedures and policies, making it more difficult to implement
and harmonize company-wide financial, accounting, information and other systems. As a result, our internal controls may become more complex
and we may require significantly more resources to ensure they remain effective. Failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in their implementation, either in our existing business or in businesses that we may acquire, could harm
our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 

There
are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

The
ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require us to identify material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting, which is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls will prevent
all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and the benefit of controls must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, in our company have
been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more persons, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may be inadequate because of changes in conditions, such as growth
of the company or increased transaction volume, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because
of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

In addition, discovery and disclosure of a material
weakness, by definition, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. See Risks Relating to Our Organization--
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, and if we are unable to achieve and maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting or effective disclosure controls, this could have a material adverse effect on our
business . Such an occurrence could discourage certain customers or suppliers from doing business with us and adversely affect
how our stock trades. This could in turn negatively affect our ability to access equity markets for capital. 

Any
acquisitions that we have completed, or may complete in the future, may not perform as planned and could disrupt our business and harm
our financial condition and operations. 

In
an effort to effectively compete in the specialty electrical equipment manufacturing and service businesses, where increasing competition
and industry consolidation prevail, we have sought to acquire complementary businesses in the past and will continue to do so in the
future. In the event of any future acquisitions, we could: 

issue
 additional securities that would dilute our current stockholders percentage ownership or provide the purchasers of the additional
 securities with certain preferences over those of common stockholders, such as dividend or liquidation preferences; 

incur
 debt and assume liabilities; and 

incur
 large and immediate write-offs of intangible assets, accounts receivable or other assets. 

18 

These
events could result in significant expenses and decreased revenue, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
In addition, integrating acquired businesses and completing any future acquisitions involve numerous operational and financial risks.
These risks include difficulty in assimilating acquired operations, diversion of management s attention, and the potential loss
of key employees or customers of acquired operations. Furthermore, companies acquired by us may not generate financial results consistent
with our management s plans at the time of acquisition. 

The
success of our business depends on achieving our strategic objectives, including dispositions. 

We
continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us meet our objectives. When we decide
to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms
in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of a business at
a price or on terms that are less than we had anticipated, or with the exclusion of assets that must be divested separately. After reaching
an agreement with a buyer for the disposition of a business, the transaction remains subject to the satisfaction of pre-closing conditions,
which may prevent us from completing the transaction. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business,
such as through continuing equity ownership, transition service agreements, guarantees, indemnities or other current or contingent financial
obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside our control could affect our
future financial results. 

If
we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business that we acquire, we may be required subsequently to take
write downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

As
part of our acquisition strategy, we will need to conduct a due diligence investigation of one or more target businesses. Intensive due
diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in
the due diligence process. We may have limited time to conduct such due diligence. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target
business that we acquire, we cannot assure you that this diligence will uncover all material issues relating to a particular target business,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. If our diligence fails to identify issues
specific to a target business or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be forced to write-down or write-off assets,
restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in us reporting losses. Even though these charges
may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our common stock. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or
other covenants that we may be subject to as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
post-combination debt financing. 

We
may be unable to generate internal growth. 

Our
ability to generate internal growth will be affected by, among other factors, our ability to attract new customers, increases or decreases
in the number or size of orders received from existing customers, hiring and retaining skilled employees and increasing volume utilizing
our existing facilities. Many of the factors affecting our ability to generate internal growth may be beyond our control, and we cannot
be certain that our strategies will be implemented with positive results or that we will be able to generate cash flow sufficient to
fund our operations and to support internal growth. If we do not achieve internal growth, our results of operations will suffer and we
will likely not be able to expand our operations or grow our business. 

In
the event that we fail to satisfy any of the listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted, which
could affect our market price and liquidity. 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market. In order to maintain the listing of Pioneer Power s common stock on NASDAQ,
Pioneer Power s common stock must comply with certain continued listing requirements, including having: 

at
 least two registered and active market makers, one of which may be a market maker entering a stabilizing bid; 

a
 minimum bid price of at least 1.00 per share; 

at
 least 300 total holders (including both beneficial holders and holders of record, but excluding any holder who is directly or indirectly
 an executive officer, director or the beneficial holder of more than 10 of the total shares outstanding); and 

at
 least 500,000 publicly held shares with a market value of at least 1.0 million (excluding any shares held directly or indirectly
 by officers, directors or any person who is the beneficial owner of more than 10 of the total shares outstanding). 

19 

Pioneer
 Power must also meet at least one of the following continued listing standards: 

stockholders 
 equity of at least 2.5 million; 

market
 value of Pioneer Power s common stock of at least 35 million; or 

net
 income from continuing operations of 500,000 in the most recently completed fiscal year
 or in two of the three most recently completed fiscal years. 

No
assurances can be given that Pioneer Power will continue to satisfy these requirements as some of these requirements are outside of Pioneer
Power s direct control, such as the bid price of its common stock, the number of holders of its common stock and the value of its
publicly held shares. If Pioneer Power is unable to meet these requirements, NASDAQ may take action to delist Pioneer Power s common
stock. In such a case, Pioneer Power may appeal NASDAQ s determination to delist its common stock, but such appeal may not be successful. 

If
Pioneer Power s common stock is delisted from NASDAQ, Pioneer Power expects that its common stock would begin trading on the over-the-counter
markets. The delisting of Pioneer Power s common stock could result in a reduction in its trading price and would substantially
limit the liquidity of Pioneer Power s common stock. In addition, delisting could materially adversely impact Pioneer Power s
ability to raise capital or pursue strategic restructuring, refinancing or other transactions. Delisting from NASDAQ could also have
other negative results, including the potential loss of confidence by institutional investors. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Approximate 
 
 Owned
 or 

Square 
 
 Lease 
 
 Location 
 
 Description 
 
 Footage 
 
 Expiration
 Date 
 
 Santa
 Fe Springs, California 
 
 Manufacturing,
 sales, engineering and administration 
 
 40,000 
 
 August
 2024 
 
 Champlin,
 Minnesota 
 
 Manufacturing,
 sales, service and warehouse 
 
 16,000 
 
 March
 2026 
 
 Miami,
 Florida 
 
 Sales,
 service and warehouse 
 
 3,600 
 
 December
 2024 
 
 Fort
 Lee, New Jersey 
 
 Corporate
 management and sales office 
 
 2,700 
 
 December
 2025 

We
believe our facilities are well maintained, in proper condition to operate at higher than current levels and are adequately insured.
We do not anticipate significant difficulty in renewing or extending existing leases as they expire, or in replacing them with equivalent
facilities or office locations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in lawsuits, investigations and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. 

As
of the date hereof, we are not aware of or a party to any legal proceedings to which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party or to which
any of our property is subject, nor are we aware of any such threatened or pending litigation or any such proceedings known to be contemplated
by governmental authorities that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

We
can give no assurance that any other lawsuits or claims brought in the future will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition,
liquidity or operating results. 

We
are not aware of any material proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates or any registered or beneficial shareholder
of more than 5 of our common stock is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

20 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PPSI since September 19, 2013. Prior to that
time, it was quoted on the OTCQB. The last reported sales price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on April 10, 2023, was
 4.35 per share. As of April 10, 2023, there were 38 holders of record of our common stock. 

The
timing and amount of future dividends could require the Company to seek capital funding to support its ongoing operations as the Company s
historical credit arrangements were terminated in connection with the Equity Transaction. 

We
did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED]. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements
and related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed
in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere
in this prospectus, particularly in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. 

Overview 

We
design, manufacture, integrate, refurbish, service, distribute and sell electric power systems, distributed energy resources, power generation
equipment and mobile electric vehicle EV charging solutions. Our products and services are sold to a broad range of customers
in the utility, industrial and commercial markets. Our customers include, but are not limited to, electric, gas and water utilities,
data center developers and owners, EV charging infrastructure developers and owners, and distributed energy developers. We are headquartered
in Fort Lee, New Jersey and operate from three (3) additional locations in the U.S. for manufacturing, service and maintenance, engineering,
and sales and administration. 

We
intend to grow our business through continued internal investments in product development and expansion of our manufacturing, engineering,
sales and marketing personnel. 

Our operations are divided into two reportable segments: T D Solutions segment and Critical Power segment. Our T D Solutions business
provides equipment solutions that help customers effectively and efficiently protect, control, transfer, monitor and manage their electric
energy requirements. These solutions are marketed principally through our PCEP brand name. Our Critical Power business provides customers
with our suite of mobile e-Boost EV charging solutions, power generation equipment and all forms of service and maintenance on our
customers power generation equipment. These products and services are marketed by our operations headquartered in Minnesota, currently
doing business under both the Titan and Pioneer Critical Power brand names. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Use
of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
The financial statements include estimates based on currently available information and our judgment as to the outcome of future conditions
and circumstances. Significant estimates in these financial statements include, inventory provisions, useful lives and impairment of
long-lived assets, income tax provision, stock-based compensation, and allowance for doubtful accounts. Changes in the status of certain
facts or circumstances could result in material changes to the estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements and actual
results could differ from the estimates and assumptions. 

21 

Revenue
Recognition . Revenue is recognized when (1) a contract with a customer exists, (2) performance obligations promised in a contract
are identified based on the products or services that will be transferred to the customer, (3) the transaction price is determined based
on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled in exchange for transferring products or services to the customer, (4) the
transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations in the contract and (5) the Company satisfies performance obligations.
The Company satisfies performance obligations either over time or at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance
obligation is satisfied by transferring a promised product or service to a customer. Revenue from the sale of our electric power systems
is recognized either over time or at a point in time and substantially all of our revenue from the sale of power generation equipment
is recognized at a point in time. Revenues are recognized at the point in time that the customer obtains control of the good which is
when it has taken title to the products and has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership specified in the purchase order or sales agreement.
Certain sales of highly customized electrical power systems are recognized over time when such equipment has no alternative use and the
Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. Revenue for such agreements is recognized under the input
method based on either cost or direct labor hours incurred relative to the estimated cost or direct labor hours expected to be consumed
to complete the project. Service revenues include maintenance contracts that are recognized over time based on the contract term and
repair services which are recognized as services are delivered. 

Return
of a product requires that the buyer obtain permission in writing from the Company. If products are returned without such permission,
the buyer authorizes the Company, in addition to such other remedies as it may have, to hold the returned products at the buyer s
sole risk and expense. When the buyer requests authorization to return material for reasons of their own, the buyer will be charged for
placing the returned goods in saleable condition, restocking charges and for any outgoing and incoming transportation paid by the Company.
The Company warrants title to the products, and also warrants the products on date of shipment to the buyer, to be of the kind and quality
described in the contract, merchantable, and free of defects in workmanship and material. Returns and warranties during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were insignificant. 

Inventories .
A substantial portion of the Company s inventory includes raw materials and parts utilized to support the manufacturing process
at PCEP and equipment sales and service offerings at Titan. We value inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. If a write
down to the current market value is necessary, the market value cannot be greater than the net realizable value, which is defined as
selling price less costs to complete and dispose, and cannot be lower than the net realizable value less a normal profit margin. We also
continually evaluate the composition of our inventory and identify obsolete, slow-moving and excess inventories. Inventory items identified
as obsolete, slow-moving or excess are evaluated to determine if reserves are required. If we were not able to achieve our expectations
of the net realizable value of the inventory at current market value, we would have to adjust our reserves accordingly. We attempt to
accurately estimate future product demand to properly adjust inventory levels for our standard products. However, significant unanticipated
changes in demand could have a significant impact on the value of inventory and of operating results. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets . We review long-lived assets for impairment including intangible assets with determinable useful lives whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the corresponding asset group may not be realizable. If an evaluation
is required, the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset group are compared to the asset group s carrying
amount to determine if an impairment of such asset is necessary. This requires us to make long-term forecasts of the future revenues
and costs related to the assets groups subject to review. Forecasts require assumptions about demand for our products and future market
conditions. Estimating future cash flows requires significant judgment, and our projections may vary from cash flows eventually realized.
Future events and unanticipated changes to assumptions could require a provision for impairment in a future period. The effect of any
impairment would be reflected in operating income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, we estimate the useful lives
of our long-lived assets and other intangibles and periodically review these estimates to determine whether these lives are appropriate. 

Leases.
 In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , which requires, among other things, a lessee to recognize a liability representing future lease
payments and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For operating leases, a lessee
will be required to recognize at inception a right-of-use asset and a lease liability equal to the net present value of the lease payments,
with lease expense recognized over the lease term on a straight-line basis. For leases with a term of twelve months or less, ASU 2016-02
allows a reporting entity to make an accounting policy election to not recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, and to recognize
lease expense on a straight-line basis. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. Upon adoption, a reporting entity should apply the provisions of ASU
2016-02 at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach, which includes certain optional practical
expedients that an entity may elect to apply. We adopted this standard in our first quarter of 2018 using the modified retrospective
approach. 

22 

Stock
Compensation. In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements
to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The amendments in this update expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based
payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. An entity should apply the requirements of Topic 718 to nonemployee
awards except for specific guidance on inputs to an option pricing model and the attribution of cost (that is, the period of time over
which share-based payment awards vest and the pattern of cost recognition over that period). The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies
to all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor s own
operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The amendments also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments used
to effectively provide (1) financing to the issuer or (2) awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as
part of a contract accounted for under Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The updated standard is effective for the Company
beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption of the new guidance is permitted,
but no earlier than an entity s adoption date of Topic 606. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2019. The adoption
of this ASU did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instrument. In June 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments
 Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments that changes the impairment model for most
financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments,
entities will be required to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that will replace today s incurred
loss model and generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities
with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized
as an allowance. This amended guidance for small reporting companies is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment
to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period. The Company does not expect that the amended guidance
will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Income
Taxes. We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, based on the income tax laws and rates in the countries
in which operations are conducted and income is earned. This approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities
using expected rates in effect for the tax year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Developing the provision for income
taxes requires significant judgment and expertise in federal, international and state income tax laws, regulations and strategies, including
the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and, if necessary, any valuation allowances that may be required for deferred
tax assets. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance in the current and prior years to reduce deferred tax assets to zero. If we
were to subsequently determine that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount,
an adjustment to deferred tax assets would increase net income for the period in which such determination was made. We will continue
to assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. Our judgments and tax strategies are subject to audit by various
taxing authorities. 

Rounding 

All
dollar amounts (except share and per share data) presented are stated in thousands of dollars, unless otherwise noted. Amounts may not
foot due to rounding. 

23 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Overview
of 2022 Operating Results 

Selected
financial and operating data for our reportable business segments for the most recent two years is summarized below. This information,
as well as the selected financial data provided in Note 13 and our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, should be referred to when reading our discussion and analysis of results of operations below. Our
summary of operating results during the years ended 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

T D Solutions 
 17,392 
 9,484 
 
 Critical Power Solutions 
 9,608 
 8,827 
 
 Consolidated 
 27,000 
 18,311 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

T D Solutions 
 14,393 
 9,430 
 
 Critical Power Solutions 
 8,000 
 7,488 
 
 Consolidated 
 22,393 
 16,918 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,607 
 1,393 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 8,445 
 5,148 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 191 
 107 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 8,636 
 5,255 
 
 Operating loss from continuing operations 
 (4,029 
 (3,862 
 
 Interest income 
 (465 
 (387 
 
 Other expense (income) 
 67 
 (1,292 
 
 Loss income before taxes 
 (3,631 
 (2,183 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 7 
 (16 
 
 Net loss 
 (3,638 
 (2,167 

Backlog .
Our backlog is based on firm orders from our customers expected to be delivered in the future, most of which is expected to occur during
the next twelve months. Backlog may vary significantly from reporting period to reporting period due to the timing of customer commitments.
Backlog reflects the amount of revenue we expect to realize upon the shipment of customer orders for our products that are not yet complete
or for which work has not yet begun or been completed. 

Our
order backlog at December 31, 2022 was 37.2 million, an increase of 14.4 million, or 63 , when compared to 22.8 million at December
31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company experienced a surge in orders for its E-Bloc power system which was the
primary driver for the increase in the Company s year over year ending backlog. The following table represents the progression
of our backlog, by reporting segment, for the periods ended as indicated: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 T D Solutions 
 30,871 
 17,499 
 
 Critical Power Solutions 
 6,284 
 5,349 
 
 Total order backlog 
 37,155 
 22,848 

24 

Revenue 

The
following table represents our revenues by reporting segment and major product category for the periods indicated (in thousands, except
percentages): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

T D Solutions 

Power Systems 
 17,382 
 9,484 
 7,898 
 83.3 
 
 Service 
 10 
 - 
 10 
 - 

17,392 
 9,484 
 7,908 
 83.4 
 
 Critical Power Solutions 

Equipment 
 2,229 
 1,891 
 338 
 17.9 
 
 Service 
 7,379 
 6,936 
 443 
 6.4 

9,608 
 8,827 
 781 
 8.8 
 
 Total revenue 
 27,000 
 18,311 
 8,689 
 47.5 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our consolidated revenue increased by 8.7 million, or 47.5 to 27.0 million, up from 18.3 million
during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in sales of our power systems from our T D Solutions segment. 

T D
Solutions . During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue from our switchgear and E-Bloc power system product lines increased by
 7.9 million, or 83.3 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased sales of our E-Bloc power systems,
automatic transfer switches and low voltage power systems offset by a decrease in sales of our medium voltage power systems. 

Critical Power . For the year ended December
31, 2022, revenue from our equipment sales increased by 338, or 17.9 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due
to increased sales of our refurbished generation equipment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our service revenue increased by 443, or 6.4 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily
due to the cyclicality of our preventative maintenance schedules. 

Gross
Profit and Gross Margin 

The
following table represents our gross profit by reporting segment for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

T D Solutions 

Gross profit 
 2,999 
 54 
 2,945 
 5,453.7 
 
 Gross margin 
 17.2 
 0.6 
 16.6 

Critical Power Solutions 

Gross profit 
 1,608 
 1,339 
 269 
 20.1 
 
 Gross margin 
 16.7 
 15.2 
 1.5 

Consolidated gross profit 
 4,607 
 1,393 
 3,214 
 230.7 
 
 Consolidated gross margin 
 17.1 
 7.6 
 9.5 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross margin percentage was 17.1 of revenues, compared to 7.6 during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

T D
Solutions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross margin increased by 16.6 , to 17.2 , from 0.6 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in our gross margin percentage was primarily due to increased sales of our E-Bloc power systems and automatic
transfer switches, a favorable sales mix and improved productivity from our manufacturing facility. 

Critical
Power . For the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross margin increased by 1.5 , to 16.7 , from 15.2 for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

25 

Operating
Expenses 

The
following table represents our operating expenses by reportable segment for the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages): 

Year
Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

T D Solutions 

Selling, general and administrative expense 
 1,197 
 1,099 
 98 
 8.9 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 18 
 15 
 3 
 20.0 
 
 Segment operating expense 
 1,215 
 1,114 
 101 
 9.1 

Critical Power Solutions 

Selling, general and administrative expense 
 3,464 
 1,660 
 1,804 
 108.7 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 147 
 64 
 83 
 129.7 
 
 Segment operating expense 
 3,611 
 1,724 
 1,887 
 109.5 

Unallocated Corporate Overhead Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expense 
 3,784 
 2,389 
 1,395 
 58.4 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 26 
 28 
 (2 
 (7.1 
 
 Segment operating expense 
 3,810 
 2,417 
 1,393 
 57.6 

Consolidated 

Selling, general and administrative expense 
 8,445 
 5,148 
 3,297 
 64.0 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 191 
 107 
 84 
 78.5 
 
 Consolidated operating expense 
 8,636 
 5,255 
 3,381 
 64.3 

Depreciation and amortization expense included in selling, general and administrative expense in the Company s consolidated statement
of operations have been disclosed as a separate component of operating expense in the tables above. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense .
For the year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated selling, general and administrative expense, before depreciation and amortization,
increased by approximately 3.4 million, or 64.3 , to 8.6 million, as compared to 5.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.
As a percentage of our consolidated revenue, selling, general and administrative expense increased to 31.3 in the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared to 28.1 in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
selling, general and administrative expense in our T D Solutions segment increased by 98, or 8.9 , during the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in payroll related costs and product development
costs related to our E-Bloc initiative. 

The
selling, general and administrative expense in our Critical Power segment increased by 1.8 million, or 108.7 , during the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in payroll related costs and product
development and promotional costs related to our e-Boost initiative. 

The
selling, general and administrative expense in our unallocated corporate overhead expenses increased by 1.4 million, or 58.4 , during
the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation
and payroll related costs, commercial insurance premiums and business travel related costs. 

Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses . Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of depreciation of fixed assets and amortization
of right-of-use assets related to our finance leases and excludes amounts included in cost of sales. For the year ended December 31,
2022, consolidated depreciation and amortization expense increased by 84, or 78.5 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

26 

Operating
Income (Loss) 

The
following table represents our operating income (loss) by reportable segment for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 

T D Solutions 
 1,784 
 (1,060 
 2,844 
 268.3 
 
 Critical Power Solutions 
 (2,003 
 (385 
 (1,618 
 (420.3 
 
 Unallocated corporate overhead expenses 
 (3,810 
 (2,417 
 (1,393 
 (57.6 
 
 Total operating loss 
 (4,029 
 (3,862 
 (167 
 (4.3 

T D
Solutions . Operating income from our T D Solutions segment increased by 2.8 million, or 268.3 , during the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due an increase in sales of our power systems, a favorable sales
mix and improved productivity from our manufacturing facility during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Critical
Power . Operating loss from our Critical Power segment increased by 1.6 million, or 420.3 , during the year ended December 31, 2022,
primarily due to an increase in consulting, marketing and promotion fees related to our e-Boost initiative, as compared to lower material
and overhead costs and no recognition of product development or promotion fees related to our e-Boost initiative during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

General
Corporate Expense . Our general corporate expenses consist primarily of executive management, corporate accounting and human resources
personnel, corporate office expenses, financing and corporate development activities, payroll and benefits administration, treasury,
tax compliance, legal, stock-based compensation, public reporting costs and costs not specifically allocated to reportable business segments. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our unallocated corporate overhead expense increased by 1.4 million, or 57.6 , as compared to the
year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in payroll related expenses, including stock-based compensation, commercial
insurance premiums and business travel related costs. 

Non-Operating
(Income) Expense 

Interest
Income . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had interest income of approximately 465, as compared to interest income of approximately
 387 during the year ended December 31, 2021. We generated the majority of our interest income from the Seller Notes we received from
the sale of the transformer business units in August 2019 and our cash on hand. 

Other
Expense (Income) . Other expense (income) in the consolidated statements of operations reports certain gains and losses associated
with activities not directly related to our core operations. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, other non-operating expense was 67, as compared to other non-operating income of 1.3 million
during the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, included in other income was a gain of 1.4 million
for the extinguishment and forgiveness of the PPP Loan. 

Provision
for Income Taxes . Our provision reflects an effective tax rate on loss before taxes of (0.2) for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared to 0.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as set forth below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (3,631 
 (2,183 
 (1,448 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 7 
 (16 
 23 
 
 Effective income tax rate 
 (0.2 
 0.7 
 (0.9 

Net
Loss per Share 

We
generated a net loss of 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of 2.2 million during the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Our
net loss per basic and diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.37, compared to 0.24 for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

27 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

General . On October 20, 2020, we entered into
an At the Market Sale Agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright ), pursuant to which we may offer and sell
our shares of common stock, preferred stock, warrants and/or units of up to 25.0 million from time to time through Wainwright, acting
as sales agent or principal (the ATM Program ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 10.3 million of cash on hand generated primarily
from the sale of common stock under the ATM Program during the year ended December 31, 2021 and payment of all unpaid principal and interest
from the Seller Notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. We have met our cash needs through a combination of cash flows from operating
activities and bank borrowings, proceeds from the sale of the CleanSpark Common Stock and warrants to purchase CleanSpark Common Stock,
proceeds from insurance, the sale of common stock under the ATM Program, funding from the Payroll Protection Program and collecting all
unpaid principal and interest from the Seller Notes. Our cash requirements historically were generally for operating activities, capital
improvements and acquisitions. 

The
following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the
total of the same such amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash 
 10,296 
 9,924 
 
 Restricted cash 
 - 
 1,775 
 
 Total cash and restricted cash as shown in the statement of cash flows 
 10,296 
 11,699 

The
full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects continues to evolve as the date of this report. As such, it continues to
be uncertain as to the full magnitude that the pandemic will have on the Company s financial condition, liquidity, and future results
of operations. We were able to operate substantially at capacity during the COVID-19 pandemic. Management is actively monitoring the
global situation on its financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. Given the daily evolution of
the COVID-19 pandemic, its ongoing effects, and the global responses to the continuing crisis, we are not able to estimate the full effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects at this time, however, if the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue or worsen,
it may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 

On
March 27, 2020, then President Trump signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act (the
 CARES Act The CARES Act, among other things, appropriates funds for the SBA Paycheck Protection Program loans that are
forgivable in certain situations to promote continued employment. On April 13, 2020, after having determined that it met the qualifications
for this loan program due to the impact that COVID-19 would have on our financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity
and applying for relief, the Company received a loan under the SBA Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan in the amount
of 1.4 million. The Company accounted for the PPP Loan as a debt instrument in accordance with FASB ASC 470, Debt. 

Under
the terms of the PPP Loan, the Company was eligible for full or partial loan forgiveness. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company
received full forgiveness of the PPP Loan and recognized a 1.4 million gain on extinguishment and forgiveness of debt as other income
in the audited consolidated statements of operations. 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities . Cash used in our operating activities was 5.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as
compared to cash used in our operating activities of 3.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase in cash used in operating activities is primarily due to working capital fluctuations. 

Cash
Provided by/ Used in Investing Activities. Cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.7
million, as compared to cash used in our investing activities of 237 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash provided
by investing activities is primarily due to collecting all unpaid principal and interest from the Seller Notes. During the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, additions to our property and equipment were 1.5 million and 237, respectively. 

Cash
Used in/ Provided by Financing Activities. Cash used in our financing activities was 353 during the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared to cash provided by our financing activities of 7.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary source
of cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was the net proceeds from the issuance of common stock
in November 2021 under the ATM Program, offset by cash used in financing activities as a result of recognizing a dividend paid to shareholders
of 1.0 million. 

Working
Capital . As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 14.1 million, including 10.3 million of cash, compared to working capital
of 18.6 million, including 9.9 million of cash on hand and 1.8 million of restricted cash at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, we no longer had a revolving credit facility, as it was paid in full and terminated in August 2019 with the proceeds
from the sale of the transformer business units. 

28 

Assessment of Liquidity . At December 31, 2022,
we had 10.3 million of cash on hand generated primarily from the sale of common stock under the ATM Program during the year ended December
31, 2021 and payment of all unpaid principal and interest from the Seller Notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. We have met our
cash needs through a combination of cash flows from operating activities and bank borrowings, the completion of the Equity Transaction,
proceeds from the sale of the CleanSpark Common Stock and warrants to purchase CleanSpark Common Stock, proceeds from insurance, sale
of common stock under the ATM Program, funding from the Payroll Protection Program and collecting all unpaid principal and interest from
the Seller Notes. Our cash requirements historically were generally for operating activities, debt repayment, capital improvements and
acquisitions. 

On
June 1, 2021, our board of directors declared a special cash dividend of 0.12 per common share, payable to shareholders of record as
of June 22, 2021, to be paid on July 7, 2021. The cash dividends were paid in July of 2021 and equaled 0.12 per share on the 0.001
par value common stock resulting in an aggregate distribution of approximately 1.0 million representing a capital repayment paid from
APIC. 

On November 10, 2021, we sold 888,500 shares of common
stock under the ATM Program, for total gross proceeds of approximately 9.0 million, at an average price of 10.1288 per share. We incurred
approximately 273 of costs related to the common shares issued (including a placement fee of 3.0 , or approximately 270, to Wainwright),
resulting in net proceeds of approximately 8.7 million. On December 13, 2021, we filed a prospectus supplement, which forms a part of
our registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249569), that was declared effected by the SEC on October 27, 2020, in connection
with the offer and sale of up to an aggregate offering amount of 8.6 million of common stock that may be issued and sold under the ATM
Program. We did not sell any shares of common stock under the ATM Program during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31,
2022, 8.6 million of common stock remained available for issuance under the ATM Program. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we executed a cash collateral security agreement with a commercial bank, which agreement required us
to pledge cash collateral as security for all unpaid reimbursement obligations owing to the commercial bank for an irrevocable standby
letter of credit in the amount of 1.8 million. During the first quarter of 2022, we amended our agreement with the commercial bank to
decrease the required amount of cash collateral by 1.3 million. On May 6, 2022, we received notice that the cash collateral security
agreement we had executed with the commercial bank was cancelled. Upon cancellation of the cash collateral security agreement, any unpaid
reimbursement obligations owing to the commercial bank were also cancelled. On May 11, 2022, the commercial bank released and transferred
the remaining cash collateral of 505 to us. We had no restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022. 

We
expect to meet our cash needs with our working capital and cash flows from our operating activities. We expect our cash requirements
to be generally for operating activities, capital improvements and product development. We expect that product development and promotional
activities related to our new initiatives will continue in the near future and we expect to continue to incur costs related to such activities.
We expect that our cash balance is sufficient to fund operations for the next twelve months. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), or other
relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that had, or that may have, a material effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Capital
Expenditures 

Our
additions to property and equipment were 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 237 additions during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Known
Trends, Events, Uncertainties and Factors That May Affect Future Operations 

We
believe that our future operating results will continue to be subject to quarterly variations based upon a wide variety of factors, including
the cyclical nature of the electrical equipment industry and the markets for our products and services. Our operating results could also
be impacted by changing customer requirements and exposure to fluctuations in prices of important raw supplies, such as copper, steel
and aluminum. We have various insurance policies, including cybersecurity, covering risks in amounts that we consider adequate. In addition
to these measures, we attempt to recover other cost increases through improvements to our manufacturing efficiency and through increases
in prices where competitively feasible. Lastly, other economic conditions we cannot foresee may affect customer demand. The impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Omicron variant of COVID-19 and the subvariant, BA.5, and the ongoing effects of COVID-19, are currently
indeterminable and rapidly evolving, and has affected and may continue to affect our operations and the global economy. In addition,
the consequences of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, including related sanctions and countermeasures, and the effects
of rising global inflation, are difficult to predict, and could adversely impact geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, the global
economy, and contribute to increased market volatility, which may in turn adversely affect our business and operations. We predominately
sell to customers in the industrial production and commercial construction markets. Accordingly, changes in the condition of any of our
customers may have a greater impact than if our sales were more evenly distributed between different end markets. For a further discussion
of factors that may affect future operating results see the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements. 

29 

Off
Balance Sheet Transactions and Related Matters 

We
have no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), or other relationships with unconsolidated
entities or other persons that have, or may have, a material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

The
information required by this Item is provided in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our audited financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

There
have been no recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted by the Company which would have a material impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instrument. In June 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance to ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments
- Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments that changes the impairment model for most financial
assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments,
entities will be required to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that will replace today s incurred
loss model and generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities
with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized
as an allowance. This amended guidance for small reporting companies is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment
to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period. The Company does not expect that the amended guidance
will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

30 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Consolidated
Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , : PCAOB ID# 
 
 32 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, New York, NY: PCAOB ID# 
 
 33 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 34 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 35 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 36 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 37 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 38 

31 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 Pioneer
Power Solutions, Inc. 

 Fort
Lee, New Jersey 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

Saddle Brook, New Jersey 
 April 11, 2023 

32 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

Pioneer
Power Solutions, Inc. 

Fort
Lee, New Jersey 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We served as the Company s auditor from 2014 to 2022. 

March
31, 2022 

33 

PIONEER
POWER SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 (In
thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income 

Other expense (income), net 

Loss before taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

34 

PIONEER
POWER SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (In
thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Notes receivable and accrued interest 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Financing lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of financing lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion 

Financing lease liabilities, non-current portion 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

35 

PIONEER
POWER SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (In
thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss 

Depreciation 

Amortization of right-of-use finance leases 

Amortization of imputed interest 

Interest expense from PPP Loan 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP Loan 
 - 

Amortization of right-of-use operating leases 

Change in receivable reserves 

Proceeds from insurance receivable 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in current operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Income taxes 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Collection of notes receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by/ (used in) investing activities 

Financing activities 

Net proceeds from the exercise of options for common stock 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 

Payment to affiliates 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend paid to shareholders 
 - 

Principal repayments of financing leases 

Net cash (used in)/ provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash 

Cash, and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Acquisition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

36 

PIONEER
POWER SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 (Amounts in thousands,
except share amounts) 

Accumulated 

other 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 compre- 
 hensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 income 
 deficit 
 equity 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Dividend to shareholders 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock, net of transaction costs 

- 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Balance - January 1, 2022 

Balance 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

37 

PIONEER
POWER SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of its common stock at a gross sales price
of per share, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and other offering expenses. In connection with the public offering, the Company s common stock began trading on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PPSI. 

Segments 

In
determining operating and reportable segments in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 280, Segment Reporting ASC 280 ), the Company concluded that it has reportable
segments, which are also our operating segments: Transmission Distribution Solutions T D Solutions and Critical
Power Solutions Critical Power ). Financial information about the Company s segments is presented in Note 13 -
Business Segment, Geographic and Customer Information. 

Sale
of Transformer Business Units 

On
June 28, 2019, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement ), by and among the Company,
Electrogroup Canada, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Electrogroup ), Jefferson Electric, Inc., a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company Jefferson ), JE Mexican Holdings, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company JE
Mexico, and together with Electrogroup and Jefferson, the Disposed Companies ), Nathan Mazurek (Chief Executive Officer
of the Company), Pioneer Transformers L.P. (the US Buyer and Pioneer Acquireco ULC (the Canadian Buyer, 
and together with the US Buyer, the Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to
sell (i) all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Electrogroup to the Canadian Buyer and (ii) all of the issued and outstanding
equity interests of Jefferson and JE Mexico to the US Buyer (the Equity Transaction ), for a purchase price of million.
Included in the purchase price, the Company received two subordinated promissory notes, issued by the Buyer, in the aggregate principal
amount of million and million, for a total aggregate principal amount of million (the Seller Notes ). During
the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company and the Buyer, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, completed the net working capital adjustment,
which resulted in the Company paying the Buyer million in cash and reducing the principal amount of the million Seller Note
to million. During the second quarter of 2020, the Company recognized an additional reduction to the principal amount of the Seller
Note of for a valid claim paid by the Buyer on behalf of the Company. On December 15, 2022, the Company received in excess of 
million as a final payment of all unpaid principal and interest paying the Seller Notes in full (see Note 7 - Notes Receivable). 

The
transaction was consummated on August 16, 2019. Pioneer sold to the Buyer all of the assets and liabilities associated with its liquid-filled
transformer and dry-type transformer manufacturing businesses within the Company s T D Solutions segment. Pioneer Power retained
its switchgear manufacturing business within the T D Solutions segment, as well as all of the operations associated with its Critical
Power segment. 

Termination of CleanSpark Agreement 

On June 3, 2022, the Company and CleanSpark entered
into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement to terminate the Distribution Agreement. Pursuant to the Termination
Agreement, the Company agreed to, amongst others, (i) release CleanSpark from further liabilities due under the Distribution Agreement,
including for certain future amounts due under the Distribution Agreement and certain accounts payable invoices, (ii) assume the responsibility
of billing and collecting payment from Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC, a third party and mutual client of both the Company and CleanSpark
for all open sales orders amounts under its outstanding agreements for Products that have or will be manufactured by the Company, and
(iii) return portions of certain deposits advanced to the Company pursuant to the Distribution Agreement. 

CleanSpark additionally transferred the services and maintenance agreements
and associated rights and liabilities it had related to switchgear products manufactured by the Company, and the Company assumed all liability
and responsibility for all claims of the Products including, but not limited to, all repairs, defects, and warranty liability of the Products
that were previously manufactured by the Company and then distributed or sold by CleanSpark. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying audited consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared pursuant to the rules of the SEC and
reflect the accounts of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Certain information and footnote disclosures, normally included in
annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S.
GAAP ). We believe that the disclosures made are
adequate to make the information presented not misleading to the reader. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to fairly state the financial position, results of operations and cash flows with
respect to the audited consolidated financial statements have been included. 

These
audited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pioneer and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Liquidity 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying financial statements as of the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company had 10.3 million of cash on hand and working capital of 14.1 million. The cash on hand was generated primarily from the
sale of common stock under the ATM Program during the year ended December 31, 2021 and payment of all unpaid principal and interest from
the Seller Notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We have met our cash needs through a combination of cash flows from operating activities and bank borrowings, the completion of the Equity
Transaction, proceeds from the sale of the CleanSpark Common Stock and warrants to purchase CleanSpark Common Stock, proceeds from insurance,
sale of common stock under the ATM Program, funding from the Payroll Protection Program and collecting all unpaid principal and interest
from the Seller Notes. Our cash requirements historically were generally for operating activities, debt repayment, capital improvements
and acquisitions. We expect to meet our cash needs with our working capital and cash flows from our operating activities. We expect our
cash requirements to be generally for operating activities, product development and capital improvements. The Company expects that its
current cash balance is sufficient to fund operations for the next twelve months. 

On
June 1, 2021, the board of directors of the Company declared a special cash dividend of per common share, payable to shareholders
of record as of June 22, 2021, to be paid on July 7, 2021. The cash dividends were paid in July of 2021 and equaled per share on
the par value common stock resulting in an aggregate distribution of approximately million representing a capital repayment
paid from additional paid-in capital APIC ). 

On November 10, 2021, we sold shares of common stock under the ATM Program, for total gross proceeds of approximately million,
at an average price of per share. We incurred approximately of costs related to the common shares issued (including a placement
fee of , or approximately , to Wainwright), resulting in net proceeds of approximately million. On December 13, 2021, we
filed a prospectus supplement, which forms a part of our registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249569), that was declared effective
by the SEC on October 27, 2020, in connection with the offer and sale of up to an aggregate offering amount of million of common
stock that may be issued and sold under the ATM Program. We did not sell any shares of common stock under the ATM Program during the year
ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, million of common stock remained available for issuance under the ATM Program. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company executed a cash collateral security agreement with a commercial bank, which agreement required
us to pledge cash collateral as security for all unpaid reimbursement obligations owing to the commercial bank for an irrevocable standby
letter of credit in the amount of million. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company amended its agreement with the commercial
bank to decrease the required amount of cash collateral by million. On May 6, 2022, the Company received notice that the cash collateral
security agreement it had executed with the commercial bank was cancelled. Upon cancellation of the cash collateral security agreement,
any unpaid reimbursement obligations owing to the commercial bank were also cancelled. On May 11, 2022, the commercial bank released
and transferred the remaining cash collateral of to the Company. The Company had no restricted cash on the consolidated balance
sheets at December 31, 2022. 

The
Company accounts for restricted cash under the guidance of ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows - Restricted Cash (Topic 230), which
requires the statement of cash flows to explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
and that restricted cash be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total
amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Total cash and restricted cash as shown in the statement of cash flows 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The worldwide spread of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 ),
including the emergence of variants and subvariants, as well as rising interest rates, inflation, changes in foreign currency exchange
rates and geopolitical developments (including the war in Ukraine) have resulted, and may continue to result, in a global slowdown of
economic activity, which may decrease demand for a broad variety of goods and services, including those provided by the Company s
clients, while also disrupting supply channels, sales channels and advertising and marketing activities for an unknown period of time
until economic activity normalizes. As a result of the current uncertainty in economic activity, the Company is unable to predict the
size and duration of the impact on its revenue and its results of operations. The extent of the impact of these macroeconomic factors
on the Company s operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, including the duration and spread of
COVID-19 and its variants and the duration and the extent of geopolitical disruption and their respective impacts on the Company s
clients, partners, industry, and employees, all of which are uncertain at this time and cannot be accurately predicted. The Company continues
to monitor the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and take steps deemed appropriate to limit the impact on its business. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company was able to operate substantially at capacity. 

Similarly, the economic uncertainty caused by the
COVID-19 pandemic has made and may continue to make it difficult for the Company to forecast revenue and operating results and to make
decisions regarding operational cost structures and investments. The Company has committed, and the Company plans to continue to commit,
resources to grow its business, employee base, and technology development, and such investments may not yield anticipated returns, particularly
if worldwide business activity continues to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The duration and extent of the impact from the COVID-19
pandemic depend on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, and if the Company is not able to respond to
and manage the impact of such events effectively, its business may be harmed. 

There can be no assurance that precautionary measures,
whether adopted by the Company or imposed by others, will be effective, and such measures could negatively affect its sales, marketing,
and client service efforts, delay and lengthen its sales cycles, decrease its employees , clients , or partners productivity,
or create operational or other challenges, any of which could harm its business and results of operations. 

See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies for details of risks and uncertainties surrounding recent bank failures. 

Reclassification 

The
following items have been reclassified in the 2021 financial statements to conform to current year presentation: 

Principal
repayments of financing leases and the reduction in operating leases have been reclassified in the audited consolidated statements of
cash flows and presented in the applicable cash flow activity for the year ended December 31, 2021. The inventories footnote contains
a reclassification of the provision for excess and obsolete inventory and reductions to net realizable value to the applicable inventory
classification at December 31, 2021. The payment of deferred payroll taxes during the year ended December 31, 2021 was reclassified to now be included
in cash used in operating activities. 

Rounding 

All dollar amounts (except share and per share data) presented are stated in thousands of dollars, unless otherwise noted. Amounts may
not foot due to rounding. 

,
 
and 
of the Company s accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, two customers represented approximately 
and 
of the Company s accounts receivable. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer represented approximately of the Company s revenue. For the year ended December
31, 2021, two customers represented approximately and of the Company s revenue. 

. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had balances of million and million in excess of the FDIC insured limits, respectively.
The Company reduces exposure to credit risk by maintaining cash deposits with major financial institutions. The Company has not experienced
any losses on these accounts to date. While the Company does not anticipate any losses, liquidity issues,
or capital resource constraints arising from the recent bank failures, it cannot predict at this time to what extent it or its collaborators,
employees, suppliers, and/or vendors could be negatively impacted by such bank failures and other macroeconomic and geopolitical events. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years, machinery and equipment - to years, computer hardware and software - to years, furniture
 fixtures to years, leasehold improvements term of lease). Depreciation commences in the year the assets are ready for
their intended use. 

Historically,
finite life intangible assets have consisted primarily of customer relationships in multiple categories that are specific to the businesses
acquired and for which estimated useful lives were determined based on actual historical customer attrition rates. These finite life
intangible assets were amortized by the Company over periods ranging from four to ten years. 

Long-lived
assets and finite life intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances have occurred that indicate the
remaining useful life of the asset may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of the asset may not be recoverable. Upon indications
of impairment, or in the normal course of annual testing, assets and liabilities are grouped at the lowest level for which identifiable
cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. The measurement of possible impairment is generally
estimated by the ability to recover the balance of an asset group from its expected future operating cash flows on an undiscounted basis.
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the asset exceeds the fair value thereof. Determining asset groups and underlying cash flows requires the use of significant judgment. 

5) 
 Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance
obligation 

The
Company satisfies performance obligations either over time or at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance
obligation is satisfied by transferring a promised product or service to a customer. 

Revenue
from the sale of our electric power systems is recognized either over time or at a point in time and substantially all of our revenue
from the sale of power generation equipment is recognized at a point in time. Revenues are recognized at the point in time that the customer
obtains control of the good, which is when it has taken title to the products and has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership specified
in the purchase order or sales agreement. Certain sales of highly customized electrical power systems are recognized over time when such
equipment has no alternative use and the Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. Revenue for such
agreements is recognized under the input method based on either cost or direct labor hours incurred relative to the estimated cost or
direct labor hours expected to be consumed to complete the project. Under the cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition, a single estimated
profit margin is used to recognize profit for each performance obligation over its period of performance. Recognition of profit on a
contract requires estimates of the total cost at completion and transaction price and the measurement of progress towards completion.
Due to the nature of many of our contracts, developing the estimated total cost at completion and total transaction price often requires
judgment. Factors that must be considered in estimating the cost of the work to be completed include the nature and complexity of the
work to be performed, subcontractor performance and the risk and impact of delayed performance. When adjustments in estimated total costs
at completion or in estimated total transaction price are determined, the related impact on income is recognized using the cumulative
catch-up method, which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of such adjustments for all prior periods. Any anticipated
losses on these contracts are fully recognized in the period in which the losses become evident. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of revenue over time and incurred costs of million. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of revenue over time and incurred costs of million. Additionally,
the Company recognized million and million of revenue at a point in time from the sale of our products during the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Service
revenues include maintenance contracts that are recognized over time based on the contract term and repair services which are recognized
as services are delivered. The Company recognized million and million of service revenue during the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized approximately million of revenue that was recognized as deferred revenue
at December 31, 2021, as compared to of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021 that was recognized as deferred revenue
at December 31, 2020. 

There
was no revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. 

Return
of a product requires that the buyer obtain permission in writing from the Company. When the buyer requests authorization to return material
for reasons of their own, the buyer will be charged for placing the returned goods in saleable condition, restocking charges and for
any outgoing and incoming transportation paid by the Company. The Company warrants title to the products, and also warrants the products
on date of shipment to the buyer, to be of the kind and quality described in the contract, merchantable, and free of defects in workmanship
and material. Returns and warranties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were insignificant. 

Services 

Total revenue 

See
Note 13 - Business Segment, Geographic and Customer Information. 

, as compared to other income of million
during the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, included in other income was a gain of million for
the extinguishment and forgiveness of the PPP Loan. 

Work in process 

Total inventories 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer hardware and software 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and million, for a total aggregate
principal amount of million (the Seller Notes ), subject to certain adjustments. The Seller Notes accrue interest at
a rate of per annum, with a final payment of all unpaid principal and interest becoming fully due and payable at December 31, 2022.
The Company determined the fair value of the Seller Notes based on market conditions and prevailing interest rates. During the fourth
quarter of 2019, the Company and the Buyer, pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, completed the net working capital adjustment, which
resulted in the Company paying the Buyer million in cash and reducing the principal amount of the million Seller Note to 
 million. During the second quarter of 2020, the Company recognized an additional reduction to the principal amount of the Seller Note
of for a valid claim paid by the Buyer on behalf of the Company. On December 15, 2022, the Company received in excess of million
as a final payment of all unpaid principal and interest paying the Seller Notes in full. 

Accrued liabilities 

Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued
liabilities primarily consist of accrued sales commissions, accrued compensation and benefits, accrued sales and use taxes and accrued
insurance. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued sales commissions were and , respectively. Accrued compensation and benefits
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Accrued sales and use taxes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and
 , respectively, and there was of accrued insurance at December 31, 2022 compared to at December 31, 2021. The remainder
of accrued liabilities are comprised of several insignificant accruals in connection with normal business operations. 

year to years some of which contain options to extend up to years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets recorded
under finance leases were million and million, respectively, and accumulated amortization associated with finance leases were
 and million, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets recorded under operating leases were million and million, respectively, and accumulated
amortization associated with operating leases were and million, respectively. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company
executed an extension of its operating lease for the corporate management and sales office in Fort Lee, New Jersey. After adjusting for
a weighted average discount rate, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately within the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Finance lease cost 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

Other
information related to leases was as follows: 

Operating cash flow payments for finance leases 

Financing cash flow payments for finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right of use assets 

Capitalized lease obligations 

Weighted average remaining lease term: 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating leases 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Finance leases 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 
 - 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Operating 
 Finance 

Leases 
 Leases 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total 

Litigation
and Claims 

As
of the date hereof, we are not aware of or a party to any legal proceedings to which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party or to which
any of our property is subject, nor are we aware of any such threatened or pending litigation or any such proceedings known to be contemplated
by governmental authorities that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

We
are not aware of any material proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates or any registered or beneficial shareholder
of more than of our common stock is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

and shares of common stock, par value per share, outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further vote or action by the shareholders, to
issue from time to time up to shares of preferred stock, par value, in one or more series. Each such series of preferred
stock shall have such number of shares, designations, preferences, voting powers, qualifications, and special or relative rights or privileges
as shall be determined by the board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, voting rights, liquidation preferences,
conversion rights and preemptive rights. 

shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares available for future grants
under the Company s 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The Company s 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired during the second
quarter of 2021. 

On
October 13, 2021, our board of directors adopted the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), subject to stockholder
approval, which was obtained on November 11, 2021. Our outside directors and our employees, including the principal executive officer,
principal financial officer and other named executive officers, and certain contractors are all eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan.
The 2021 Plan allows for the granting of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards, which may be granted singly, in combination,
or in tandem, and upon such terms as are determined by the Board or a committee of the board that is designated to administer the 2021
Plan. Subject to certain adjustments, the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be delivered pursuant
to awards under the 2021 Plan is shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants under
the Company s 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan was initially administered by our board of directors, but it has been administered by the
compensation committee following the creation of such committee in the first quarter of 2022. 

Stock-based
compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and , respectively. All
of the stock-based compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. At December 31, 2022, the Company had total stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized in
the consolidated statements of operations of approximately , which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Expected life in years 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Intrinsic
value is the difference between the market value of the stock at December 31, 2022 and the exercise price which is aggregated for all
options outstanding and exercisable. A summary of the weighted-average grant-date fair value of options, total intrinsic value of options
exercised, and cash receipts from options exercised is shown below: 

Intrinsic value (loss) gain of options exercised 

Cash receipts from exercise of options 

- 
 - 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company awarded 
 shares of restricted stock units RSU to the Company s Chief Financial Officer with the following vesting terms: (i) 
 units on May 1, 2022, which are included in the
calculation of basic EPS as of the vesting date, (ii) an additional 
 units on May 1, 2023, and (iii) the remaining
 
 units on May 1, 2024, provided that the executive
has remained continuously employed by the Company through each applicable vesting date. The vested RSUs will be converted into shares
of the Company s common stock no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such RSUs vested.
The fair value of the RSU award at the date of grant was 
 million, which will be recognized over the vesting
period. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued of common stock to the holder in connection with the RSUs that vested
on May 1, 2022. 

Units vested 

Units forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 

Loss before income taxes 

Total income tax provision 

State and local income tax, net 

Other permanent items 

Expired foreign tax credits 

Valuation allowance 

True-up 
 - 

Other 

Total 

The
Company s provision for income taxes reflects an effective tax rate on loss before income taxes of 
in 2022, as compared to 
in 2021. The consistency in the Company s effective tax rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflects the increase in state income
taxes, valuation allowance and net operating losses. 

Total liabilities 

Net noncurrent deferred income tax asset 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net deferred income tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Non-deductible reserves 

Tax credits 

Fixed assets 

Intangibles 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Fixed assets 

Other 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred asset, net 
 - 
 - 

December 31, 2016 

December 31, 2015 

December 31, 2014 

December 31, 2013 

The
assessment of the amount of value assigned to our deferred tax assets under the applicable accounting rules is judgmental. We are required
to consider all available positive and negative evidence in evaluating the likelihood that we will be able to realize the benefit of
our deferred tax assets in the future. Such evidence includes scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable
income, tax planning strategies and the results of recent operations. Since this evaluation requires consideration of events that may
occur some years into the future, there is an element of judgment involved. Realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent on generating
sufficient taxable income in future periods. We do not believe that it is more likely than not that future taxable income will be sufficient
to allow us to recover any of the value assigned to our deferred tax assets. Accordingly, we have provided for a valuation allowance
of the Company s foreign tax credits as we do not anticipate generating sufficient foreign source income. In addition, we have
provided for a full valuation allowance on the domestic deferred tax assets as the combined effect of future domestic source income and
the future reversals of future tax assets and liabilities will likely be insufficient to realize the full benefits of the assets. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a net operating loss carryforward of million. The Company has million of deferred tax
assets on which it is taking a full valuation allowance. The total valuation allowance recorded is million, representing an increase
of from December 31, 2021. The Company has approximately million of foreign tax credits for which it has provided a full valuation
allowance and of research and development credits which expire in 2032. 

The Company has interest expense subject to a tax deduction limitation under IRC 163(j). The new calculation arising from the 2017 tax
reform requires an adjusted taxable income to be calculated by, among other things, adding back to taxable income any depreciation, amortization,
or depletion deductions for the taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2022, as well as removing any GILTI
inclusions. When calculating the adjusted taxable income for this purpose, the Company did not have sufficient taxable income in previous
years to deduct interest expense exceeding the limitation, therefore creating a carryover of business interest expense to future years.
For the quarter ended December 31, 2022, of interest expense disallowed from prior years has been utilized to offset current interest
income reported. The amount available for carryover to future periods of IRC 163(j) as of December 31, 2022 is million. This carryover
is available indefinitely. 

Management
believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of
tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in the Company s tax audits are resolved in a manner not
consistent with management s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in the period
such resolution occurs. 

The
tax years subject to examination by major tax jurisdiction include the years 2019 and forward by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and
most state jurisdictions, and the years 2019 and forward for the Canadian jurisdiction. 

reportable segments: T D
Solutions and Critical Power. The Critical Power reportable segment is the Company s Titan Energy Systems, Inc. business unit.
The T D Solutions reportable segment is the Company s Pioneer Custom Electrical Products Corp. business unit. 

The
T D Solutions segment is involved in the design, manufacture and distribution of switchgear used primarily by large industrial and
commercial operations to manage their electrical power distribution needs. The Critical Power segment provides power generation equipment
and aftermarket field-services primarily to help customers ensure smooth, uninterrupted power to operations during times of emergency. 

Service 
 
 - 
 
 Revenues 

Critical Power Solutions 

Equipment 

Service 

Revenues 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

T D Solutions 

Critical Power Solutions 

Unallocated corporate overhead expenses 

Consolidated 

Depreciation and amortization 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating income (loss) 

T D Solutions 

Critical Power Solutions 

Unallocated corporate overhead expenses 

Consolidated 

Operating income (loss) 

The
following table presents information which reconciles segment assets to consolidated total assets: 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

T D Solutions 

Critical Power Solutions 

Corporate 

Consolidated 

Assets 

Corporate
assets consisted primarily of cash on hand. 

Sales
to Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC accounted for approximately 
of the Company s total sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had no sales to Enchanted Rock Electric, LLC
during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average basic shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities - equity based compensation plans 
 - 
 - 
 
 Denominator for diluted net loss per common share 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, diluted loss per share excludes potentially dilutive common shares related to (i) 
and 
shares underlying stock options, respectively, and (ii) 
and 
shares underlying nonvested RSUs, respectively, as their effect was anti-dilutive. 

54 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Management s
Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ),
as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done in conjunction with an independent consultant and consulting firm and
under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer. There
are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. As of December 31, 2022, based on
the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over
financial reporting, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective. In light of this determination, our management has performed additional analyses, reconciliations, and other post-closing
procedures and has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, the consolidated
financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Annually Report on Form 10-K fairly state, in all material respects,
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate
over time. 

Management,
including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in
internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In our assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, we determined that controls are not effective because control deficiencies
existed that constituted a material weakness. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting due to not having the appropriate controls
in place over our revenue recognition process for nonroutine and complex revenue transactions in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers . This control deficiency resulted in a misstatement of revenue-related accounts during the three
months ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, which management corrected through a revision as part of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the three months ended September 30, 2022. 

In
order to remediate this material weakness, management has expanded and improved our process for reviewing customer contracts and revenue recognition inputs,
including through the engagement of third-party accounting professionals with expertise in evaluating customer contracts to obtain
guidance on large and/or unique contracts in order to ensure that ASC 606 is accurately applied and documented. 

Although
we have begun implementing the enhancements described above at the end of 2022 and have been continuing our remediation efforts through the first quarter of 2023, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the
applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded that these controls are operating
effectively. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting, as permitted by the rules of the SEC. 

55 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

56 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
following table sets forth the name, age and positions of our executive officers and the members of our board of directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 with the Company 
 
 Nathan
 J. Mazurek 
 
 61 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Walter
 Michalec 
 
 34 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 Yossi
 Cohn 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Ian
 Ross 
 
 79 
 
 Director 
 
 David
 Tesler 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Jonathan
 Tulkoff 
 Thomas
 Klink 
 
 61 
 60 
 
 Director 
 Director 
 
 Kytchener
 Whyte 
 
 71 
 
 Director 

The
board of directors currently consists of seven members. 

Our directors hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal by stockholders or until their successors have been
qualified. Our directors serve a term of office to expire at the annual meeting
of stockholders in 2023. Pursuant to an amendment to our bylaws, effective September 21, 2022, elected directors shall hold office until
the next annual meeting of the stockholders, or until their successors shall be duly elected and qualified. 

Our officers hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation
or removal by our board of directors or until their successors have been selected. They serve at the pleasure of our board of directors. 

Nathan
J. Mazurek. Mr. Mazurek has served as our chief executive officer, president and chairman of the board of directors since December
2, 2009. From December 2, 2009 through August 12, 2010, Mr. Mazurek also served as our chief financial officer, secretary and treasurer.
Mr. Mazurek has over 25 years of experience in the electrical equipment and components industry. Mr. Mazurek has served as the chief
executive officer, president, vice president, sales and marketing and chairman of the board of directors of Pioneer Transformers Ltd.
since 1995. Mr. Mazurek has served as the president of American Circuit Breaker Corp., a former manufacturer and distributor of circuit
breakers, since 1988. From 1999 through 2017, Mr. Mazurek served as director of Empire Resources, Inc., a distributor of semi-finished
aluminum and steel products. From 2002 through 2007, Mr. Mazurek served as president of Aerovox, Inc., a manufacturer of AC film capacitors.
Mr. Mazurek received his BA from Yeshiva College in 1983 and his JD from Georgetown University Law Center in 1986. Mr. Mazurek brings
to the board of directors extensive experience with our company and in our industry. Since he is responsible for, and familiar with,
our day-to-day operations and implementation of our strategy, his insights into our performance and into the electrical equipment and
components industry are critical to board discussions and to our success. 

Walter
Michalec . Mr. Michalec was appointed by our board of directors to act as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
effective as of April 15, 2020, replacing Mr. Klink after his resignation as Chief Financial Officer. On May 13, 2021, the board of directors
assigned Mr. Michalec the title of Chief Financial Officer of the Company and removed the title of Interim Chief Financial Officer, effective
May 16, 2021. Mr. Michalec also serves as the Company s principal accounting officer, principal financial officer, treasurer and
secretary. Mr. Michalec has served various positions at the Company, most recently as its corporate controller from August 2019 to April
2020. Before becoming the corporate controller, Mr. Michalec served as the Company s operations controller from March 2016 to August
2019, reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, and as the Company s senior accountant from May 2012 to February 2016, reporting
to the Company s corporate controller. Prior to working for the Company, Mr. Michalec served as a public accountant for Mendonca
 Partners Certified Public Accountants, LLC in Union, NJ. Mr. Michalec received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting and a Minor
in Criminal Justice from Kean University in 2011. 

Yossi
Cohn. Mr. Cohn has served as a director since December 2, 2009. Mr. Cohn founded EastSky Properties, LLC in June 2019 and L3C
Capital Partners, LLC in June 2009, both an investor in multi-family residential properties, and serves as a partner in both firms. Mr.
Cohn served as a director of investor relations at IDT Corporation, a NYSE-listed telecommunications company, from September 2005 through
May 2007. Prior to joining IDT Corporation, Mr. Cohn was a director of research at SAGEN Asset Management, an asset manager of funds
of hedge funds, from January 2005 through May 2005. Mr. Cohn began his career as an analyst in the funds-of-funds investment group of
Millburn Ridgefield Corporation, where he worked from 2001 through January 2005. Our board believes Mr. Cohn s background at these
and other companies, particularly in areas of capital markets, financial, strategic and investment management experience, makes him an
effective member of our board of directors. 

57 

Ian
Ross . Mr. Ross has served as a director since March 24, 2011. In 2000, Mr. Ross co-founded and has since served as president
of Omniverter Inc., a company specializing in electrical power quality solutions for industrial producers and electrical utilities in
the U.S. and Canada. He has also served as the president of KIR Resources Inc. and KIR Technologies Inc. since 1999, companies engaged
in management consulting and import/export activities in the electrical equipment industry, respectively. Mr. Ross previously held positions
in Canada as vice president technology with Schneider Canada, a specialist in energy management, and vice president of the distribution
products business at Federal Pioneer Ltd., now part of Schneider Canada. Previously, Mr. Ross held a number of successive board level
positions in UK engineering companies, culminating in five years as managing director, Federal Electric, Ltd., before moving to Canada
in 1986 at the request of Federal Pioneer Ltd. He received an MA in mechanical sciences (electrical and mechanical engineering) from
Cambridge University and subsequently qualified as an accountant ACMA. Our board of directors believes that Mr. Ross relationships
and broad experience in the electrical transmission and distribution equipment industry will assist us in continuing to grow our business
and realizing our strategic goals. 

David
Tesler . Mr. Tesler has served as a director since December 2, 2009. Mr. Tesler is President of LeaseProbe, LLC, a provider of
lease abstracting services, since he founded the company in 2004. In 2008, LeaseProbe, LLC acquired Real Diligence, LLC, a provider of
financial due diligence services. The combined company does business as Real Diligence and operates as an integrated outsourced provider
of legal and commercial due diligence services for the commercial real estate industry. Prior to 2004, Mr. Tesler practiced law at Skadden
Arps Slate Meager Flom LLP and at Jenkens Gilchrist, Parker Chapin LLP. Mr. Tesler received his BA from Yeshiva College,
an MA in medieval history from Bernard Revel Graduate School and a JD from Benjamin A. Cardozo School of Law. Mr. Tesler brings extensive
legal, strategic and executive leadership experience to our board of directors. 

Jonathan
Tulkoff. Mr. Tulkoff has served as director since December 2, 2009. Mr. Tulkoff began his career as a currency trader at Marc
Rich Co, he then joined Forest City enterprises, a publicly traded real estate development company, and was a VP in the acquisition
and development division. In 2016, Mr. Tulkoff founded Commodity Asset Management, an industrial materials investment fund. For the last
twenty years, Mr. Tulkoff has been involved in trading, marketing and financing of physical commodities, with distinct expertise in ferrous
metals. Mr. Tulkoff is Series 3 licensed. Our board of directors believes Mr. Tulkoff s extensive strategic, international and
executive leadership experience, particularly in commodity markets for metal products which represent one of the largest components of
our company s cost of manufacture, make him an effective member of our board of directors. 

Thomas
Klink. Mr. Klink has served as a director since April 30, 2010. Mr. Klink served as our chief financial officer, secretary and
treasurer from January 7, 2016 until April 15, 2020. Since 1996, he has served in various positions at Jefferson Electric, Inc., including
as its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, vice president, treasurer, secretary and chairman of the board of directors.
Previously, from 1994 to 1996, Mr. Klink served as a division controller at MagneTek, Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ at that time,
reporting to the corporate controller. Mr. Klink also previously served as a controller for U.S. Music Corporation, a manufacturer of
musical instruments from 1990 through 1994. Mr. Klink received his BBA in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee in
1984. Mr. Klink brings extensive industry and leadership experience to our board, including over 25 years of experience in the electrical
equipment industry. Mr. Klink is currently employed by Spire Power Solutions L.P. as their CFO and President. 

Kytchener
Whyte. Mr. Whyte has served as a director since November 17, 2022. Mr. Whyte has over 45 years of extensive experience in
the Electrical Power Distribution Controls industries with an emphasis on manufacturing, sales and marketing. Since July 31,
2015, Mr. Whyte has been a consultant and served as President of Pioneer Custom Electrical Products Corp. Since January 2016, Mr.
Whyte has been President of Blue Mountain Industries, Inc., a consulting, electrical engineering and marketing consultancy firm
concentrating on the electrical utility, petrochemical and marine markets. From 1999 to 2015, Mr. Whyte was the President and owner
of Pacific Power Systems Integration Inc. Pacific ), based in Southern California. Pacific manufactured electrical
power distribution and control products such as its trailblazing Integrated Power Center units for applications in the petroleum,
refining, electric transit and utility industries. Mr. Whyte served as General Manager for CGI, Inc., a manufacturer of Electrical
Power Distribution and Controls products from 1993 to 1999. Prior to his time at CGI, Inc., Mr. Whyte was the Vice President for
Electrical Power Products between 1985 and 1993. A native of Jamaica, Mr. Whyte is a graduate of Prospect College in St. Mary,
Jamaica, and a graduate of Los Angeles Trade Technical College. Mr. Whyte is a United States Air Force Vietnam era veteran, a
private pilot and the builder of experimental aircrafts. With his many years of experience in manufacturing, sales, marketing,
product design and implementation, Mr. Whyte brings to the board invaluable insights and expertise, and the ability to turn problems
into opportunities. 

The board of directors believes that the overall experience and knowledge
of the members of the board of directors will contribute to the overall success of our business. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors and executive officers. Mr. Mazurek is a party to a certain agreement related
to his service as an executive officer and director described in the Agreements with Executive Officers section of Item
11. 

58 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and officers, and persons who own more than ten percent
of our common stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock. Directors,
officers and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To
our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
each of our directors, officers and greater than ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable
to our directors, officers and greater than ten percent stockholders, except for the following reporting persons: 

One
 Form 4 was filed late for Mr. Cohn with respect to one transaction; and 
 
 One Form 4 was filed late for Mr. Tesler with respect to three transactions. 

Board Committees 

Our
board of directors currently has three standing committees: the audit committee, the nominating and corporate governance committee, and
the compensation committee, each of which is described below. All standing committees operate under a charter that has been approved
by the board of directors. 

Audit
Committee . Our board of directors established an audit committee on March 24, 2011, which has the composition and responsibilities
described below. 

The
audit committee consists of Messrs. Cohn, Ross and Tulkoff, each of whom our board of directors has determined to be financially literate
and qualify as an independent director under Section 5605(a)(2) of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. In addition, Mr. Ross is the
chairman of the audit committee and has been determined by our board of directors to be a financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
of Regulation S-K. The audit committee s duties are to recommend to our board of directors the engagement of independent auditors
to audit our financial statements and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee reviews the scope, timing
and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by internal auditors and independent public accountants,
including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee held a total of four meetings
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
audit committee operates under a formal charter adopted by the board of directors that governs its duties and conduct. Copies of the
charter can be obtained free of charge from the Company s web site, www.pioneerpowersolutions.com, by contacting the Company by
mail at the address appearing on the first page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the attention of Investor Relations, or by telephone
at (212) 867-0700. 

Compensation
Committee. On January 18, 2022, the board of directors designated a compensation committee (the compensation committee ).
Our compensation committee is composed of Messrs. Tessler and Cohn, each of whom our board of directors has determined to qualify as
an independent director under Section 5605(a)(2) of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Pursuant to its charter, the compensation committee
shall be comprised of at least two (2) independent members of the board of directors who shall also satisfy such other
criteria imposed on members of the compensation committee pursuant to the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the
SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market. The compensation committee s duties are to discharge the responsibilities of the board of directors
relating to compensation of the Company s directors and executive officers, to assist the board of directors in establishing appropriate
incentive compensation and equity-based plans and to administer such plans, to oversee the annual process of evaluation of the performance
of the Company s management, and to perform such other duties and responsibilities as enumerated in and consistent with its charter.
The compensation committee may designate one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of at least two members of the compensation
committee. Any such subcommittee, to the extent provided in the resolutions of the compensation committee and to the extent not limited
by applicable law, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the compensation committee. The compensation committee
has authority to retain or obtain the advice of compensation consultants, legal counsel, experts and other advisors as the compensation
committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The compensation committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation
and oversight of its consultants, legal counsel, experts and advisors and has sole authority to approve their fees and retention terms,
and the Company will provide funding for such fees and related expenses. Our compensation committee has not retained the services of
any compensation consultants. The compensation committee held a total of two meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

59 

The
compensation committee operates under a formal charter adopted by the board of directors that governs its duties and conduct. Copies
of the charter can be obtained free of charge by contacting the Company by mail at the address appearing on the first page of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to the attention of Investor Relations, or by telephone at (212) 867-0700. 

Nominating
Committee. On January 18, 2022, the board of directors designated a nominating and corporate governance committee (the nominating
committee ). Our nominating committee is composed of Messrs. Tessler and Tulkoff, each of whom our board of directors has determined
to qualify as an independent director under Section 5605(a)(2) of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Pursuant to its charter, the
nominating committee shall be comprised of at least two (2) independent members of the board of directors who shall also
satisfy such other criteria imposed on members of the nominating committee pursuant to the federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market. The nominating committee s duties are to assist the board of directors by identifying
potential qualified nominees for director and recommend to the board of directors for nomination candidates for the board of directors,
developing the Company s corporate governance guidelines and additional corporate governance policies, exercising such other powers
and authority as are set forth in the charter of the nominating committee and exercising such other powers and authority as shall from
time to time be assigned to such committee by resolution of the board of directors. The nominating committee held a total of three meetings
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

The nominating committee operates under a formal charter adopted by the board of directors that governs its duties and conduct. Copies
of the charter can be obtained free of charge by contacting the Company by mail at the address appearing on the first page of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to the attention of Investor Relations, or by telephone at (212) 867-0700. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial and accounting officer, which is posted on our website at www.pioneerpowersolutions.com. We intend to
disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the code of ethics, or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and
directors, on this website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
Philosophy and Process 

Since
January 18, 2022, the responsibility for establishing, administering and interpreting our policies governing the compensation and benefits
for our executive officers lies with our compensation committee. Our compensation committee has not retained the services of any compensation
consultants. 

The
goals of our executive compensation program are to attract, motivate and retain individuals with the skills and qualities necessary to
support and develop our business within the framework of our size and available resources. In 2018, we designed our executive compensation
program to achieve the following objectives: 

attract
 and retain executives experienced in developing and delivering products such as our own; 
 
 motivate
 and reward executives whose experience and skills are critical to our success; 
 
 reward
 performance; and 
 
 align
 the interests of our executive officers and other key employees with those of our stockholders
 by motivating our executive officers and other key employees to increase stockholder value. 

We appointed a compensation committee in January 2022 when we no longer qualified as a controlled company under the corporate
governance rules of the Nasdaq stock market. We did not engage any compensation consultants to determine or recommend the amount and form
of executive and director compensation during and for the year ended December 31, 2022. At this time, our compensation committee has,
and previously our board of directors had, determined that the financial and administrative burden of engaging compensation consultants
is not justified in light of our Company s size, its resources and our relatively small number of executive officers and directors.
Rather, beginning in the year ended December 31, 2022, we anticipate that the recommended level, components and rationale for our compensation
program will be developed and presented each year by our compensation committee to the board of directors for its consideration and approval. 

60 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table summarizes, for each of the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the compensation paid to (i) Nathan
J. Mazurek, our chief executive officer, president and chairman of the board of directors, and (ii) Walter Michalec, our chief financial
officer, secretary and treasurer from May 16, 2021, and prior to that, our interim chief financial officer, secretary and treasurer from
April 15, 2020 to May 15, 2021, whom we refer to collectively herein as the named executive officers. 

Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards (1) 
 Awards (1) 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Nathan J. Mazurek (i) 
 2022 
 535,500 
 - 
 - 
 7,085 
 15,000 (2) 
 557,585 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 2021 
 430,375 
 - 
 - 
 59,817 
 18,000 (2) 
 508,192 

Walter Michalec (ii) 
 2022 
 200,000 
 27,000 
 1,631,250 
 3,270 
 - 
 1,861,520 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer 
 2021 
 167,500 
 22,000 
 - 
 53,350 
 - 
 242,850 

(1) Amounts
 represent the aggregate grant date fair value, as determined in accordance with FASB ASC
 Topic 718, with the exception that the amounts shown assume no forfeitures. The assumptions
 used to calculate the value of share based awards are set forth in Item 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data Note 11. Stock-Based Compensation contained
 in this Annual Report. These amounts do not represent the actual value that may be realized
 by our named executive officers, as that is dependent on the long-term appreciation in our
 common stock. 
 
 (2) Comprised
 of board of directors meeting fees. 

Agreements
with Executive Officers 

Nathan
J. Mazurek 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Mazurek, dated as of December 2, 2009, pursuant to which Mr. Mazurek was to serve as our
chief executive officer for a term of three years. Pursuant to this employment agreement, Mr. Mazurek was entitled to receive an annual
base salary of 250,000 from December 2, 2009 through December 2, 2010, which was increased to 275,000 on December 2, 2010 and to 300,000
on December 2, 2011. Mr. Mazurek was entitled to receive an annual cash bonus at the discretion of our board of directors, or a committee
thereof, of up to 50 of his annual base salary, which percentage was permitted to be increased in the discretion of the board. 

This
agreement prohibited Mr. Mazurek from competing with us for a period of four years following the date of termination, unless he was terminated
without cause or due to disability or he voluntarily resigned following a breach by us of this agreement, in which case he was prohibited
from competing with us for a period of only two years. 

We
entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Mazurek, dated as of March 30, 2012, pursuant to which Mr. Mazurek will serve as our
chief executive officer for a three year term ending on March 31, 2015. Pursuant to this new employment agreement, Mr. Mazurek was entitled
to receive an annual base salary of 350,000 during the remainder of the 2012 calendar year, which increased to 365,000 during the 2013
calendar year and then to 380,000 for the remainder of his employment term. The other material terms of the new employment agreement
are substantially similar to those under his previous agreement, except that Mr. Mazurek has agreed not to compete with us for a period
of one year following the termination of his employment for any reason. 

On
November 11, 2014, we entered into a first amendment to our employment agreement with Mr. Mazurek, pursuant to which the term of the
employment agreement was extended by a period of three years ending on March 31, 2018. In addition, pursuant to this employment agreement,
as amended, Mr. Mazurek became entitled to receive an annual base salary of 410,000 beginning on the amendment effective date and ending
on December 31, 2015, which increased to 425,000 during the 2016 calendar year. 

On
June 30, 2016, we entered into a second amendment to our employment agreement with Mr. Mazurek, pursuant to which the term of the employment
agreement was extended by a period of five years ending on March 31, 2021. In addition, pursuant to this employment agreement, as amended,
Mr. Mazurek became entitled to receive an annual base salary of 425,000 for the period beginning on January 1, 2016 and ending on December
31, 2016, 440,000, for the period beginning on January 1, 2017 and ending on December 31, 2017, 465,000, for the period beginning on
January 1, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2018, 490,000, for the period beginning on January 1, 2019 and ending on December 31, 2019,
and 515,000 per annum, for the period beginning on January 1, 2020 and ending on March 31, 2021. 

61 

On
March 30, 2020, the Company and Mr. Mazurek entered into a third amendment in order to (i) extend the termination date of the agreement
from December 31, 2020, to March 31, 2023, and (ii) set Mr. Mazurek s annual base salary at 415,000 for the period beginning on
April 1, 2020 and ending on March 31, 2021; 435,500, for the period beginning on April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022; and 457,500,
for the period beginning on April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2023. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company and Mr. Mazurek entered into a fourth amendment in order to (i) extend the termination date of the Mazurek
Agreement from March 31, 2023, to December 31, 2024, and (ii) adjust Mr. Mazurek s annual base salary at 535,500, for the period
beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2022, 562,500, for the period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December
31, 2023, and 590,500, for the period beginning on January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2024. 

If
Mr. Mazurek is terminated without cause, he is entitled to receive (i) any unpaid base salary accrued through the date of his termination,
(ii) any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior to the date of his termination, and (iii) severance pay equal to the base salary
that would have been payable to Mr. Mazurek for the remainder of the term of his executive employment agreement, which expires on December
31, 2024, less applicable withholdings and taxes. As a precondition to receiving severance pay, Mr. Mazurek is required to execute and
deliver within sixty (60) days following his termination a general release of claims against the us and our subsidiaries and affiliates
that may have arisen on or before the date of the release. 

For
purposes of Mr. Mazurek s executive employment agreement, cause generally means termination because of: (i) an act
or acts of willful or material misrepresentation, fraud or willful dishonesty by Mr. Mazurek; (ii) any willful misconduct by Mr. Mazurek
with regard to the Company; (iii) any violation by Mr. Mazurek of any fiduciary duties owed by him to the Company; (iv) Mr. Mazurek s
conviction of, or pleading nolo contendere or guilty to, a felony (other than a traffic infraction) or (v) any other material breach
by Mr. Mazurek of the executive employment agreement that is not cured by him within twenty (20) days after his receipt of a written
notice from the Company of such breach specifying the details thereof. 

Walter
Michalec 

Mr. Michalec was appointed by our board of directors to act as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of us, effective as of April 15, 2020,
replacing Mr. Klink after his resignation as Chief Financial Officer. On May 13, 2021, our board of directors assigned Mr. Michalec the
title of Chief Financial Officer and removed the title of Interim Chief Financial Officer, effective May 16, 2021. Mr. Michalec also serves
as our principal accounting officer, principal financial officer, treasurer and secretary. 

On April 25, 2022, we and Mr. Michalec entered into an employment agreement under which we agreed to employ Mr. Michalec as its Chief
Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer for a term of three (3) years, commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2024,
unless such employment is terminated earlier in accordance with the agreement. Mr. Michalec is entitled to an annualized base salary at
a rate of 200,000 per annum for the period of January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, 220,000 per annum for the period of January
1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, and 240,000 per annum for the period of January 1, 2023 through the end of the employment period.
Mr. Michalec s employment may be terminated upon his death or disability, upon the occurrence of certain events that constitute
 cause, and without cause. If terminated without cause, Mr. Michalec will be entitled to receive as severance an amount equal
to his base salary for the remainder of the employment period under the agreement. 

In connection with his employment agreement,
we granted Mr. Michalec an award of restricted stock units RSUs under the 2021 Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc.
Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), covering 375,000 shares of our common stock, with such RSUs being subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan and a Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, which agreement provided, among other things, that (a)
the RSUs shall vest in three equal installments on each of May 1st of 2022, 2023, and 2024, provided that Mr. Michalec has remained
continuously employed by us through the applicable vesting date, and (b) such vested RSUs shall be converted into shares of our
common stock no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such RSUs vested. The award had a
grant date fair value of 1,631,250, which will be recognized over the vesting period. We paid withholding taxes on behalf of Mr.
Michalec in connection with the grant, which we are getting repaid through payroll deductions. See the section titled Certain
Related Transactions and Relationships under Item 13. 

62 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table provides information on stock options previously awarded to each of the named executive officers and which remained outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. This table includes unexercised and unvested options awards. Each outstanding award is shown separately for
each named executive officer. 

Option Awards 

Number of 
 Number of 

Securities 
 Securities 

Underlying 
 Underlying 

Unexercised 
 Unexercised 
 Option 

Options 
 Options 
 Exercise 
 Option 

Date 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 Price 
 Expiration 
 
 Name 
 of Grant 
 Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 ) 
 Date 
 
 Nathan J. Mazurek 
 03/20/2013 
 25,000 (3) 
 - 
 5.60 
 03/20/2023 

03/20/2013 
 1,000 (5) 
 - 
 5.60 
 03/20/2023 

3/06/2014 
 50,000 (3) 
 - 
 10.21 
 3/06/2024 

3/06/2014 
 1,000 (5) 
 - 
 10.21 
 3/06/2024 

03/30/2015 
 1,000 (5) 
 - 
 8.98 
 03/30/2025 

03/10/2016 
 1,000 (5) 
 - 
 3.68 
 03/10/2026 

03/30/2017 
 1,000 (5) 
 - 
 7.30 
 03/30/2027 

03/30/2017 
 130,000 (4) 
 - 
 7.30 
 03/30/2027 

4/03/2018 
 1,000 (5) 
 - 
 5.60 
 4/03/2028 

03/31/2020 
 10,000 (5) 
 - 
 1.68 
 03/31/2030 

05/13/2021 
 10,000 (5) 
 
 3.31 
 05/13/2031 

05/13/2021 
 51,667 (4) 
 
 3.31 
 05/13/2031 

05/13/2022 
 - 
 1,500 (5) 
 3.17 
 05/13/2032 

05/13/2022 
 - 
 5,000 (4) 
 3.17 
 05/13/2032 

Walter Michalec 
 03/06/2014 
 1,000 (2) 
 - 
 10.21 
 03/06/2024 

03/31/2020 
 10,000 (6) 
 - 
 1.68 
 03/31/2030 

05/13/2021 
 55,000 (4) 
 - 
 3.31 
 05/13/2031 

05/13/2022 
 - 
 3,000 (4) 
 3.17 
 05/13/2032 

(1) 
 Incentive
 stock options granted for service as a president. Vests in equal annual installments upon each of the first three anniversaries of
 the grant date. 

(2) 
 Incentive
 stock options granted for service prior to becoming an executive officer. Vests in equal annual installments upon each of the first
 three anniversaries of the grant date. 

(3) 
 Non-qualified
 stock options granted for service as an executive officer. Vests in equal annual installments upon each of the first three anniversaries
 of the grant date. 

(4) 
 Non-qualified
 stock options granted for service as an executive officer. Vests on the first anniversary of the grant date. 

(5) 
 Non-qualified
 stock options granted for service as a director. Vests on the first anniversary of the grant date. 

(6) 
 Non-qualified
 stock options granted for service prior to becoming an executive officer. Vests on the first anniversary of the grant date. 

Stock
 Awards 

Number
 of shares
 or units of
 stock that have not
 vested 
 Market
 value of shares
 or units of
 stock that have not
 vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards:
 number of unearned
 shares, units or other
 rights that have not vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards:
 market or payout value
 of unearned shares, units
 or other rights that have
 not vested 
 
 Name 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 ) 
 
 Walter
 Michalec 
 250,000 
 670,000 
 250,000 
 670,000 

Option
and Warrant Exercises 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Nathan J. Mazurek exercised an option to purchase 1,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price
of 4.11 per share. 

63 

Change
of Control Agreements 

We
do not currently have plans providing for the payment of retirement benefits to our officers or directors, other than as described under
 Agreements with Executive Officers above. 

We
do not currently have any change-of-control or severance agreements with any of our executive officers or directors, other than as described
under Agreements with Executive Officers above. In the event of the termination of employment of the named executive officers,
any and all unexercised stock options shall expire and no longer be exercisable after a specified time following the date of the termination,
other than as described under Agreements with Executive Officers above. 

2011
Long-Term Incentive Plan 

On
May 11, 2011, our board of directors adopted the 2011 Plan, subject to stockholder approval, which was obtained on May 31, 2011. The
2011 Plan replaced and superseded the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Our outside directors and our employees, including the principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and other named executive officers, and certain contractors are all eligible to participate in the
2011 Plan. The 2011 Plan allowed for the granting of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, and other awards, which could have been granted singly,
in combination, or in tandem, and upon such terms as were determined by the board or a committee of the board that was designated to administer
the 2011 Plan. Subject to certain adjustments, the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that could have been delivered
pursuant to awards under the 2011 Plan is 700,000 shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares available for future grants under
the Company s 2011 Plan. The 2011 Plan expired on May 11, 2021, but any awards granted prior to May 11, 2021 that are still outstanding
are subject to the 2011 Plan. 

2021
Long-Term Incentive Plan 

On October 13, 2021, our board of directors adopted
the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), subject to stockholder approval, which was obtained on November 11, 2021.
Our outside directors and our employees, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer and other named executive
officers, and certain contractors are all eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan allows for the granting of incentive
stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend
equivalent rights, and other awards, which may be granted singly, in combination, or in tandem, and upon such terms as are determined
by the board or a committee of the board that is designated to administer the 2021 Plan. Subject to certain adjustments, the maximum number
of shares of the Company s common stock that may be delivered pursuant to awards under the 2021 Plan is 900,000 shares. As of December
31, 2022, there were 498,000 shares available for future grants under the Company s 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan was initially administered
by our board of directors, but it has been administered by the compensation committee following the creation of such committee in the
first quarter of 2022. 

64 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides certain information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to our equity compensation plans under which our equity
securities are authorized for issuance: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options,
warrants 
and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 670,667 
 5.45 
 498,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 670,667 
 5.45 
 498,000 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table provides compensation information for the one year period ended December 31, 2022 for each non-employee member of our
board of directors: 

Fees Earned or 
 Option 

Paid in Cash 
 Awards 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Yossi Cohn (7) 
 23,000 (4) 
 1,635 
 24,635 
 
 Thomas Klink (6) 
 15,000 (2) 
 1,635 
 16,635 
 
 Ian Ross (8) 
 19,000 (1) 
 1,635 
 20,635 
 
 David Tesler (9) 
 20,000 (3) 
 1,635 
 21,635 
 
 Jonathan Tulkoff (10) 
 23,000 (5) 
 1,635 
 24,635 
 
 Kytchener Whyte (11) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Comprised
 of board of directors and audit committee meeting fees. 
 
 (2) Comprised
 of board of directors meeting fees. 
 
 (3) Comprised
 of board of directors, compensation and nominating and governance committee meeting fees. 
 
 (4) Comprised
 of board of directors, audit and compensation committee meeting fees. 
 
 (5) Comprised
 of board of directors, audit and nominating and governance committee meeting fees. 
 
 (6) As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Klink had outstanding options representing the right to purchase
 119,000 shares of our common stock and outstanding stock awards of 1,500 shares of our common
 stock. 
 
 (7) As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Cohn had outstanding options representing the right to purchase
 26,000 shares of our common stock and outstanding stock awards of 1,500 shares of our common
 stock. 
 
 (8) As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Ross had outstanding options representing the right to purchase
 26,000 shares of our common stock and outstanding stock awards of 1,500 shares of our common
 stock. 
 
 (9) As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Tesler had outstanding options representing the right to purchase
 15,000 shares of our common stock and outstanding stock awards of 1,500 shares of our common
 stock. 
 
 (10) As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Tulkoff had outstanding options representing the right to purchase
 26,000 shares of our common stock and outstanding stock awards of 1,500 shares of our common
 stock. 
 (11) Mr. Whyte began serving as a director in November 2022 and
 did not receive any director compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All
of our directors, including our employee directors, are paid cash compensation in connection with their attendance at the meetings of
the board of directors. Our directors are also reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their attendance
at such meetings. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our directors and chief financial officer were paid cash compensation of 3,000
per meeting for attendance. The members of our audit committee and our chief financial officer received a fee of 1,000 per meeting for
attendance at a meeting of our audit committee for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the members of our nominating and
governance committee and our compensation committee received a fee of 2,000 per meeting for attendance at a meeting of our nominating
and governance committee and compensation committee for the year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Whyte, a current director, entered into a consulting agreement with PCEP as the sole stockholder and president
of Pacific, pursuant to which he agreed to provide service and consultation with respect to the business and operations of PCEP and its
affiliates, as may be requested from time to time by PCEP. See the section titled Certain Related Transactions and Relationships 
under Item 13. 

65 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 11, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to beneficially own more than 5.0 of our common stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of the named executive officers; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

The
percentages of common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial
ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or
shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the
power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, each beneficial
owner named in the table below has sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned and each person s
address, unless otherwise specified in the notes below, is c/o Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc., 400 Kelby Street, 12th Floor, Fort Lee,
New Jersey 07024. As of April 11, 2023, we had 9,767,545 shares outstanding. 

Number of Shares 
 Percentage 

Beneficially 
 Beneficially 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Owned (1) 
 Owned (1) 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Nathan J. Mazurek 
 2,164,026 (2) 
 21.8 
 
 Thomas Klink 
 230,500 (3) 
 2.4 
 
 Walter Michalec 
 194,000 (4) 
 2.0 
 
 Jonathan Tulkoff 
 37,500 (5) 

David Tesler 
 31,250 (6) 

Yossi Cohn 
 27,500 (7) 

Ian Ross 
 27,500 (7) 

Kytchener Whyte 
 15,000 (8) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 2,727,276 
 27.6 

represents ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) Shares
 of common stock beneficially owned and the respective percentages of beneficial ownership
 of common stock assumes the exercise of all options, warrants and other securities convertible
 into common stock beneficially owned by such person or entity currently exercisable or exercisable
 within 60 days of April 11, 2023. Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options
 and warrants exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding and held by the holder of
 such options or warrants for computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially
 owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of outstanding
 common stock beneficially owned by any other person. 
 
 (2) Includes
 1,900,859 shares of common stock and 263,167 shares subject to stock options which are exercisable
 within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 
 
 (3) Includes
 114,000 shares of common stock and 116,500 shares subject to stock options which are exercisable
 within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 
 
 (4) Includes
 125,000 fully vested restricted stock units and 69,000 shares subject to stock options which
 are exercisable within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 
 
 (5) Includes
 11,000 shares of common stock and 26,500 shares subject to stock options which are exercisable
 within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 
 
 (6) Includes
 15,750 shares of common stock and 15,500 shares subject to stock options which are exercisable
 within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 
 
 (7) Includes
 1,000 shares of common stock and 26,500 shares subject to stock options which are exercisable
 within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 
 
 (8) Includes
 15,000 shares subject to stock options which are exercisable within 60 days of April 11, 2023. 

66 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Certain
Related Transactions and Relationships 

Generally,
we do not enter into related party transactions unless the members of the board who do not have an interest in the potential transaction
have reviewed the transaction and determined that (i) we would not be able to obtain better terms by engaging in a transaction with a
non-related party and (ii) the transaction is in our best interest. This policy applies generally to any transaction in which we are
to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year
end for the previous two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.
This policy is not currently in writing. In addition, our audit committee, which was established on March 24, 2011, is required to pre-approve
any related party transactions pursuant to its charter. 

In connection with the employment agreement
entered into between the Company and Mr. Michalec, effective April 25, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Michalec an award of RSUs under the
2021 Plan covering 375,000 shares of the Company s common stock. In connection with the RSU grant, we paid on Mr. Michalec s
behalf an aggregate amount of 129 in withholding taxes. We and Mr. Michalec agreed that Mr. Michalec would reimburse us through payroll
deductions until we are fully reimbursed. As of the date of this report, we have been reimbursed 12 of the total 129 owed. 

On July 31, 2015, Pacific and PCEP, entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement for the purchase and sale of substantially all of the assets of Pacific (the Transaction ).
In connection with the Transaction, Kytchener Whyte, a current director, entered into a consulting agreement with PCEP as the sole stockholder
and president of Pacific, pursuant to which he agreed to provide service and consultation with respect to the business and operations
of PCEP and its affiliates, as may be requested from time to time by PCEP (the Consulting Agreement ). Kytchener Whyte has
remained a consultant of PCEP since July 31, 2015. The initial term ended on July 31, 2017, and which has been renewed annually thereafter.
The Consulting Agreement automatically renews unless either party gives written notice of termination to the other party at least thirty
days prior to the expiration of the renewal term thereof. In consideration for the consulting services Kytchener Whyte performs as a consultant
of PCEP, he receives a monthly consulting fee of 17, as well as a 4 commission payments for product sales generated by new customer
accounts solicited by him, through his solely owned personal business Blue Mountain Industries, Inc. Pursuant to the consulting agreement,
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company paid Blue Mountain Industries, Inc. an aggregate amount
of 423 and 317, respectively. During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, Kytchener Whyte has received an aggregate amount of 400. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that each of Yossi Cohn, Ian Ross, David Tesler, and Jonathan Tulkoff satisfy the requirements for
independence set out in Section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and that each of these directors has no material relationship
with us (other than being a director and/or a stockholder). In making its independence determinations, the board of directors sought
to identify and analyze all of the facts and circumstances relating to any relationship between a director, his immediate family or affiliates
and our company and our affiliates and did not rely on categorical standards other than those contained in the Nasdaq Stock Market rule
referenced above. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Marcum
LLP and BDO USA, LLP served as our independent registered public accounting firms for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

The
following table presents aggregate fees for professional services rendered by Marcum LLP and BDO USA, LLP during the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 179 
 335 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 179 
 335 

(1) Audit
 fees consisted primarily of fees for the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements,
 the interim reviews of the quarterly consolidated financial statements, review of a registration
 statement and normal, recurring accounting consultations. 
 
 (2) The
 Company did not incur any audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (3) The
 Company did not incur any tax fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (4) The
 Company did not have any other fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services Policy 

Our
audit committee pre-approves all auditing and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our independent auditor against
estimates submitted by the auditor, except for de minimis non-audit services that are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
of the audit. The audit committee has pre-established limits that require audit committee approval in advance of any additional funds
that may be required in excess of the auditor s estimate. The audit committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees
consisting of one or more members when appropriate, including the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services.
The audit committee pre-approved all of the fees set forth in the table above. 

67 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

a. 
 We
 have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

The
 following financial statements are included in Item 8 herein: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum LLP, Saddle Brook, NJ: PCAOB ID#688) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, New York, NY: PCAOB ID#243 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

None 

3. 
 Exhibits 

See
 the Index to Exhibits. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

68 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, between Pioneer Critical Power Inc. and CleanSpark. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2019). 

2.2 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2019, by and among Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc., Electrogroup Canada, Inc., Jefferson Electric, Inc., JE Mexican Holdings, Inc., Nathan Mazurek, Pioneer Transformers L.P. and Pioneer Acquireco ULC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2019). 

2.3 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2019, by and among Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc., Electrogroup Canada, Inc., Jefferson Electric, Inc., JE Mexican Holdings, Inc., Pioneer Transformers L.P. and Pioneer Acquireco ULC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2019). 

3.1 
 Composite Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2011). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 

4.1 
 Description of Securities 

10.1+ 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2010). 

10.2+ 
 Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 31, 2011). 

10.3+ 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 30, 2012, by and between Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. and Nathan J. Mazurek (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2012). 

10.4+ 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated November 11th, 2014, by and between Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. and Nathan J. Mazurek (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2014). 

10.5+ 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, by and between Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. and Nathan J. Mazurek (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2016). 

69 

10.6+ 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, by and between Jefferson Electric, Inc. and Thomas Klink. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2016). 

10.7+ 
 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated February 15, 2019, by and between Jefferson Electric, Inc. and Thomas Klink. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20, 2019). 

10.8 
 First Amending Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2017, by and among Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc., as borrower, each of the domestic subsidiary guarantors signatory thereto and Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch, as lender. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2017) 

10.9 
 First Amending Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2017, by and among Pioneer Electrogroup Canada Inc., as borrower, each of the Canadian subsidiary guarantors signatory thereto and Bank of Montreal, as lender. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2017) 

10.10 
 Second Amending Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2018, by and among Pioneer Electrogroup Canada Inc., as borrower, each of the Canadian subsidiary guarantors signatory thereto and Bank of Montreal, as lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2018). 

10.11 
 Second Amending Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2018, by and among Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc., as borrower, each of the domestic subsidiary guarantors signatory thereto and Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch, as lender (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2018). 

10.12 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, between the Company, CleanSpark and PCPI. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2019). 

10.13 
 Contract Manufacturing Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, between the Company and CleanSpark. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2019). 

10.14 
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated January 22, 2019, between the Company and CleanSpark. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2019). 

10.15+ 
 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated March 30, 2020, by and between the Company and Nathan J. Mazurek (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2020). 

10.16 
 Distribution Agreement, dated May 31, 2021, by and between Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. and CleanSpark, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 4, 2021). 

10.17+ 
 Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on October 25, 2021). 

10.18+ 
 Fourth Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, by and between Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. and Nathan J. Mazurek (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2022). 

10.19+ 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, by and between Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. and Wojciech (Walter) Michalec (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2022). 

10.20 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2022, between Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. and CleanSpark, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2022). 

21.1 
 List of subsidiaries. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2021). 

70 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

+
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PIONEER POWER SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Nathan J. Mazurek 

Name: 
 Nathan J. Mazurek 

Title:
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/
 Nathan J. Mazurek 

April 11, 2023 
 
 Nathan
 J. Mazurek 
 
 President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Walter Michalec 

April 11, 2023 
 
 Walter
 Michalec 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Yossi Cohn 

April 11, 2023 
 
 Yossi
 Cohn 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Ian Ross 

April 11, 2023 
 
 Ian
 Ross 
 
 Director 

/s/
 David Tesler 

April 11, 2023 
 
 David
 Tesler 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Jonathan Tulkoff 

April
 11, 2023 
 
 Jonathan
 Tulkoff 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Thomas Klink 

April 11, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Klink 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Kytchener Whyte 

April 11, 2023 
 
 Kytchener
 Whyte 
 
 Director 

72 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of April 11, 2023 Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation we, our and the Company has our common stock, par value 0.001 per share registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The
foregoing description is intended as a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our composite certificate of incorporation
(the Certificate of Incorporation and the bylaws (the Bylaws as currently in effect, copies of which are
filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

We
have authorized 35,000,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 30,000,000 are shares of common stock and 5,000,000
are shares of blank check preferred stock. On April 11, 2023, there were 9,767,545 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The authorized and unissued shares of common stock and the authorized
and undesignated shares of preferred stock are available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless such action
is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed. Unless approval of our stockholders
is so required, our board of directors does not intend to seek stockholder approval for the issuance and sale of our common stock or
preferred stock. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Elections of directors
are determined by a plurality of the votes and all other matters are decided by a majority of the votes cast by those stockholders entitled
to vote and present in person or by proxy. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. The holders of our
common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by our board of directors out of legally available
funds; however, the current policy of our board of directors is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth. Upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for
distribution. The holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences
and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series
of preferred stock, which may be designated solely by action of our board of directors and issued in the future. 

The
NASDAQ Capital Market Listing 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol PPSI . 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Securities Transfer Corporation. The transfer agent s address is 2901 Dallas
Parkway Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PPSI . 

Preferred
Stock 

The
board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further vote or action by the stockholders, to
issue from time to time shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Each such series of preferred stock shall have such number of
shares, designations, preferences, voting powers, qualifications, and special or relative rights or privileges as shall be determined
by the board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend rights, voting rights, liquidation preferences, conversion rights
and preemptive rights. Issuance of preferred stock by our board of directors may result in such shares having dividend and/or liquidation
preferences senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock and could dilute the voting rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Prior
to the issuance of shares of each series of preferred stock, the board of directors is required by the Delaware General Corporation Law
(the DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation to adopt resolutions and file a certificate of designation with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware. The certificate of designation fixes for each class or series the designations, powers, preferences,
rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions, including, but not limited to, some or all of the following: 

the
 number of shares constituting that series and the distinctive designation of that series, which number may be increased or decreased
 (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) from time to time by action of the board of directors; 

the
 dividend rate and the manner and frequency of payment of dividends on the shares of that series, whether dividends will be cumulative,
 and, if so, from which date; 

whether
 that series will have voting rights, in addition to any voting rights provided by law, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights; 

whether
 that series will have conversion privileges, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion, including provision for adjustment
 of the conversion rate in such events as the board of directors may determine; 

whether
 or not the shares of that series will be redeemable, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such redemption; 

whether
 that series will have a sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of shares of that series, and, if so, the terms and amount of
 such sinking fund; 

whether
 or not the shares of the series will have priority over or be on a parity with or be junior to the shares of any other series or
 class in any respect; 

the
 rights of the shares of that series in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation,
 and the relative rights or priority, if any, of payment of shares of that series; and 

any
 other relative rights, preferences and limitations of that series. 

Once
designated by our board of directors, each series of preferred stock may have specific financial and other terms that will be described
in a prospectus supplement. The description of the preferred stock that is set forth in any prospectus supplement is not complete without
reference to the documents that govern the preferred stock. These include our certificate of incorporation and any certificates of designation
that our board of directors may adopt. 

All
shares of preferred stock offered hereby will, when issued, be fully paid and nonassessable, including shares of preferred stock issued
upon the exercise of preferred stock warrants or subscription rights, if any. 

Although
our board of directors has no intention at the present time of doing so, it could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock
that could, depending on the terms of such series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law and Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which
the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior
 to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction
 which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

the
 interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced,
 excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding (i) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers
 and (ii) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether
 shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on
 or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special
 meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock
 which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section
203 defines a business combination to include: 

any
 merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any
 sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation; 

subject
 to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the
 interested stockholder; or 

the
 receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided
 by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with, or controlling, or controlled by, the entity or person. The term owner 
is broadly defined to include any person that, individually, with or through that person s affiliates or associates, among other
things, beneficially owns the stock, or has the right to acquire the stock, whether or not the right is immediately exercisable, under
any agreement or understanding or upon the exercise of warrants or options or otherwise or has the right to vote the stock under any
agreement or understanding, or has an agreement or understanding with the beneficial owner of the stock for the purpose of acquiring,
holding, voting or disposing of the stock. 

The
restrictions in Section 203 do not apply to corporations that have elected, in the manner provided in Section 203, not to be subject
to Section 203 of the DGCL or, with certain exceptions, which do not have a class of voting stock that is listed on a national securities
exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not opt out of Section 203. 

Section
203 could delay or prohibit mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts with respect to us and, accordingly, may discourage
attempts to acquire us even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above
the prevailing market price. 

Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The
provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change
in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their
shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely
affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws: 

provide
 that special meetings of stockholders may be called only by our chairman, our president or by a resolution adopted by a majority
 of our board of directors; 

do
 not include a provision for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Under cumulative voting, a minority stockholder holding
 a sufficient number of shares may be able to ensure the election of one or more directors. The absence of cumulative voting may have
 the effect of limiting the ability of minority stockholders to effect changes in our board of directors; and 

allow
 us to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock that could adversely affect the rights and powers
 of the holders of our common stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Pioneer
Power Solutions, Inc. 

 Fort
Lee, New Jersey 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-249569) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-196903
and 333-264592) of our report dated April 11, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Pioneer Power
Solutions, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 Saddle Brook, NJ 

 April 11, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23-2.htm

EXHIBIT
23.2 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Pioneer
Power Solutions, Inc. 

 Fort
Lee, New Jersey 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-249569) and Form S-8 (No. 333-196903
and 333-264592) of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements,
which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/
BDO USA, LLP 

 New
York, NY 

 April 11, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Nathan J. Mazurek, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and; 

b. 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 /s/
 Nathan J. Mazurek 

Nathan
 J. Mazurek 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer duly authorized to sign on behalf of Registrant) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Walter Michalec, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and; 

b. 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 /s/
 Walter Michalec 

Walter
 Michalec 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer duly authorized to sign on behalf of Registrant) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This
certification is furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and accompanies the Annual
Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (the Company ).
I, Nathan J. Mazurek, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company as of and for the periods covered in this report. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Nathan J. Mazurek 

Name: 
 Nathan
 J. Mazurek 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly,
is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This
certification is furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and accompanies the Annual
Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (the Company ).
I, Walter Michalec, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company as of and for the periods covered in this report. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Walter Michalec 

Name: 
 Walter
 Michalec 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly,
is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ppsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ppsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ppsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ppsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

