<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230621_10-K_edgar_data_1469038_0001683168-23-004315.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1773878</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>84691</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>393265</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>395280</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>345209</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>510564</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-004315.hdr.sgml : 20230621
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230621152129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-004315
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230621
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230621

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			X Metaverse Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001469038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				980632051
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53749
		FILM NUMBER:		231029576

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1105, 11/F, HIP KWAN COMMERCIAL BLD
		STREET 2:		NO. 38 PITT STREET, YAU MA TEI
		CITY:			KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-29803733

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1105, 11/F, HIP KWAN COMMERCIAL BLD
		STREET 2:		NO. 38 PITT STREET, YAU MA TEI
		CITY:			KOWLOON
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AFF Holding Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200722

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mi1 Global Telco., Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190417

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mi1 Global TelCo, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-004315.txt : 20230621

10-K
 1
 xmeta_10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934: 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from __________________
to __________________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Name of Small Business Issuer in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Issuer s Telephone Number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter cannot be
determined as no quotation was posted on the OTC Markets under the symbol AFFG. 

Number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common equity, as of June 20, 2023: shares of Common Stock, par value US 0.001. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 2 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 2 

Item 2 
 Properties. 
 2 

Item 3. 
 Legal proceedings. 
 2 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 2 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 3 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 4 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 4 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 11 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 12 

Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 13 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 13 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 14 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company. 
 15 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 16 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 17 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 18 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 18 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits. 
 19 

Signatures 
 20 

i 

Forward Looking Statements 

The information contained in this Report includes
some statements that are not purely historical and that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), and as such, may involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements relate
to, among other things, expectations of the business environment in which we operate, perceived opportunities in the market and statements
regarding our mission and vision. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. You can generally identify forward-looking
statements as statements containing the words anticipates, believes , continue , could ,
 estimates , expects , intends , may , might , plans , possible ,
 potential , predicts , projects , seeks , should , will ,
 would and similar expressions, or the negatives of such terms, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. 

Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking
statements contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Our expectations,
beliefs and forward-looking statements are expressed in good faith on the basis of management s views and assumptions as of the
time the statements are made, but there can be no assurance that management s expectations, beliefs or projections will result or
be achieved or accomplished. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date hereof. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

X Metaverse Inc. (the Company ),
formerly known as AFF Holding Group Inc. was to develop and operate Internet websites and applications on mobile platforms. We had launched
the website www.drinkeat.com, which provided reviews of restaurants in Hong Kong. On May 25, 2018, the Company ceased and discontinued
the operations by terminating its website and is exploring other business opportunities in Asia. Our goal is to become a major network
of consumer-based websites and applications targeting viewers in the Hong Kong and Greater China with contents on travel, food, entertainment,
activities and city life. 

We are a controlled corporation with the substantial
majority of our shares held by Mi1 Global Limited Mi1 ), a company registered in the Republic of Vanuatu. Mi1 acquired a
51 stake in our company in February 2016. As a result, there can be no assurance that our business and/or our strategy will not change
over time as a result of Mi1 s interest. 

On May 1, 2017, the Company filed a certificate
of amendment to its articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada changing the Company s name from
Domain Extremes Inc. to Mi1 Global Telco., Inc. and the authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001, from 200,000,000 shares to
1,200,000,000 shares. The name change became effective with FINRA on July 19, 2017. 

Beginning on July 19, 2017, the Company s
shares of common stock began trading on the OTC Pink Marketplace under the symbol MIGT to reflect the Company s new
name. 

On August 7, 2017, the Company filed a certificate
of change with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effectuate a reverse stock split (the Stock Split of its issued and
outstanding shares of common stock on a 1-for-10,000 basis. The number of its authorized shares of common stock remained at 1,200,000,000
shares, par value 0.001. The Stock Split became effective with FINRA on October 24, 2017 (the Effective Date ). 

The Company ceased and discontinued the operations
by terminating its website (www.drinkeat.com) and is exploring other business opportunities in Asia. Our goal is to become a major network
of consumer-based websites and applications targeting viewers in the Hong Kong and Greater China with contents on travel, food, entertainment,
activities and city life. 

On March 24, 2020, Mr. Kok Seng Yeap purchased
100 of the shares of Mi1 Global Limited, which owns 9,156 shares of the common stock of the Company. As a result, Kok Seng Yeap became
the beneficial owner of 9,156 shares of the common stock of the Company. Effective as of March 24, 2020, Mr. Lim Kock Chiang resigned
as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of the Company, and the Board of Directors of the Company
appointed Mr. Kok Seng Yeap to serve as its Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary. 

On June 3, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to reflect its corporate name change to AFF Holding Group
Inc. . The name change was effective as of the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the State of Nevada. 

On June 23, 2020, Mr. Kok Seng Yeap resigned as
the Chief Financial Officer the Company, and the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Lau Chew Chye to serve as its Chief Financial
Officer and Director. 

On December 21, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to reflect its corporate name change from AFF Holding Group
Inc. to X Metaverse Inc. The name change was effective as of the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the
State of Nevada. The Company is awaiting the approval of FINRA for the market effectiveness of the name change. 

We do not have any subsidiaries. We never have
declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceedings. 

1 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company currently has no operations and as of December 31, 2022 had a stockholders
deficit of 409,372. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Our Business 

Currently, we have no active operations. 

Employees 

As of June 20, 2023, the Company had no employees. 

Insurance 

We do not maintain any insurance and do not intend
to maintain insurance in the future. Because we do not have any insurance, if we are a party to any action, we may not have sufficient
funds to defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations. 

Government Regulation 

We will be required to comply with all regulations,
rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. We do not believe
that regulation will have a material impact on the way we conduct our business. We do not need to receive any government approvals necessary
to conduct our business; however, we will have to comply with all applicable export and import regulations. 

Offices 

Our principal executive office is located at Room
1105, 11/F, Hip Kwan Commercial Building, No. 38 Pitt Street, Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Our telephone number is +852 29803733. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

This information is not required of smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We do not own any property. Our executive offices
are located at 36, Room 1105, 11/F, Hip Kwan Commercial Building, No.38 Pitt Street, Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, Hong Kong, which is office space
that we share with certain other development stage companies. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

2 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
our common stock was quoted on the OTC under the symbol AFFG with no bid and no trading of our common stock. There can be no assurance
that a public trading market will develop at that time or be sustained in the future. Without an active public trading market, you may
not be able to liquidate your shares without considerable delay, if at all. If a market does develop, the price for our securities may
be highly volatile and may bear no relationship to our actual financial condition or results of operations. The many risks associated
with an investment in our company, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. Also, because there is no price
for our common stock, many brokerage firms may not affect transactions in the common stock. 

Holders 

As of June 20, 2022, we had 110,000 shares of
our common stock issued and outstanding, and held by 652 persons. 

In general, pursuant to Rule 144 adopted under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, a shareholder who owns restricted shares of a company which files periodic reports with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and who has a holding period of at least six months, is entitled to sell such shares in accordance with the provisions
of Rule 144. In the event the shareholder is a non-affiliate of the issuer, he or she may make unlimited public resales of shares under
Rule 144 provided that the current public information requirement is satisfied. A non-affiliate who has a holding period of more than
one year, may make unlimited resales of shares without compliance with any other requirement of Rule 144. Persons who are affiliates of
the issuer must comply with all requirements of Rule 144 in conjunction with resales of their shares including the current public information
requirement, the volume limitations, the manner of sale requirements and the filing of a Form 144. Therefore, the possible sale of our
currently outstanding shares pursuant to Rule 144 may, in the future, have a depressive effect on the price of our common stock in the
over-the-counter market. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid a dividend on our
common stock and, because we have very limited resources and a substantial accumulated deficit, we do not anticipate declaring or paying
any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Rather, we intend to retain earnings, if any, for the continued operation
and expansion of our business. It is unlikely, therefore, that the holders of our common stock will have an opportunity to profit from
anything other than potential appreciation in the value of our common shares held by them. If you require dividend income, you should
not rely on an investment in our common stock. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

We do not currently have any equity compensation plans. 

3 

Performance Graph 

This information is not required of smaller reporting companies. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

We did not sell any equity securities which were
not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

None. 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

This information is not required of smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements, related notes, and
other detailed information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), contemplate that we will continue as a going concern,
and do not contain any adjustments that might result if we were unable to continue as a going concern, however, our independent registered
public accounting firm has added explanatory paragraphs in Note 1 of each of our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, raising substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Certain
information contained below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information regarding our plans and strategy for
our business, constitute forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 

X Metaverse Inc. (the
 Company ), formerly known as Mi1 Global Telco., Inc., was incorporated in the State of Nevada in January 2006 and is a development
stage company. Our business was to develop and operate Internet websites and applications on mobile platforms. We earned revenues through
advertisements on these websites and applications. Our original goal was to become a major network of consumer-based websites and applications
targeting viewers in the Hong Kong and Greater China with contents on travel, food, entertainment, activities and city life. We launched
the website www.drinkeat.com, which provides reviews of restaurants in Hong Kong. 

We are a controlled corporation
with the substantial majority of our shares held by Mi1 Global Limited Mi1 ), a company registered in the Republic of Vanuatu.
Mi1 acquired a 51 stake in our company in February 2016. As a result, there can be no assurance that our business and/or our strategy
will not change over time as a result of Mi1 s interest. 

On May 1, 2017, the Company
filed a certificate of amendment to its articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada changing the Company s
name from Domain Extremes Inc. to Mi1 Global Telco., Inc. and the authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001, from 200,000,000
shares to 1,200,000,000 shares. The name change became effective with FINRA on July 19, 2017. 

4 

Beginning on July 19,
2017, the Company s shares of common stock began trading on the OTC Pink Marketplace under the symbol MIGT to reflect
the Company s new name. 

On August 7, 2017, the
Company filed a certificate of change with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effectuate a reverse stock split (the Stock Split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock on a 1-for-10,000 basis. The number of its authorized shares of common stock will
remain at 1,200,000,000 shares, par value 0.001. The Stock Split became effective with FINRA on October 24, 2017 (the Effective
Date ). As of that date, every 10,000 shares of issued and outstanding common stock were converted into one share of common stock.
No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Stock Split. Instead, any fractional shares were rounded up to the next whole
share and a holder of record of old common stock on the Effective Date who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share were,
in lieu thereof, issued one whole share. 

The Company ceased and
discontinued the operations by terminating its website (www.drinkeat.com) and is exploring other business opportunities in Asia. Our goal
is to become a major network of consumer-based websites and applications targeting viewers in the Hong Kong and Greater China with contents
on travel, food, entertainment, activities and city life. 

On March 24, 2020, Mr.
Kok Seng Yeap purchased 100 of the shares of Mi1 Global Limited, which owns 9,156 shares of the common stock of the Company. As a result,
Kok Seng Yeap became the beneficial owner of 9,156 shares of the common stock of the Company. Effective as of March 24, 2020, Mr. Lim
Kock Chiang resigned as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of the Company, and the Board of
Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Kok Seng Yeap to serve as its Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary. 

On June 3, 2020, the
Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to reflect its corporate name change
to AFF Holding Group, Inc. . The name change was effective as of the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the State
of Nevada. 

On June 23, 2020, Mr.
Kok Seng Yeap resigned as the Chief Financial Officer the Company, and the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Lau Chew Chye
to serve as its Chief Financial Officer and Director. 

On December 21, 2021,
the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to reflect its corporate name change
from AFF Holding Group Inc. to X Metaverse Inc. The name change was effective as of the filing of the Certificate
of Amendment with the State of Nevada. The Company is awaiting the approval of FINRA for the market effectiveness of the name change. 

Results of Operations 

Two Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net Sales 

We generated revenues of 0 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. The lack of revenue was mainly due to no operations in 2022 and 2021. Our principal source of revenues was
from advertising banners on our websites. As stated above, the Company terminated its website on
May 25, 2018. The Company is actively looking for new investment opportunities and new source of revenue. 

5 

Net Profit/Loss 

We incurred a net loss of 46,596 in 2022, compared
to the net loss of 39,988 in 2021. The increase of net loss in 2022 was principally due to the increase of professional fees. 

We incurred operating expenses of 46,596 in 202 2,
compared to 39,988 in 2021. We incurred professional fees of 39,847 and general, administrative and operating expenses of 6,749 in
2022, compared 36,524 of professional fees and 3,464 of general administrative and other operating expenses in 2021. 

Taxes 

Due to our lack of revenues, we have not incurred
any tax obligations since inception. However, we would anticipate that income tax obligations will arise as we begin to generate significant
revenue in the future. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and
cash equivalents of nil. 

Currently, we have almost no operating capital.
We expect that our current capital and our other existing resources will be sufficient only to provide a limited amount of working capital.
We have no current revenues to fund our operations or planned growth. We will require additional capital to operate our business, and
to expand our business. 

We expect our cash flow needs over the next
12 months to be approximately 50,000. However, this amount may be materially increased if market conditions are favorable for a
more rapid expansion of our business model or if we adjust our model to exploit strategic acquisition opportunities. In addition, we
may require additional cash flow to support our public company reporting requirements in the United States. Although our average
monthly expenditures to date have averaged less than 5,000, we expect this rate to increase exponentially as our business expands.
To date, we have been financed principally by our directors; however, we expect to secure third party financing or bank loans as
necessary (although there can be no assurance that such financing will be available on acceptable terms) until we secure sufficient
revenues to sustain our ongoing operations. 

Sources of additional capital through various
financing transactions or arrangements with third parties may include equity or debt financing, bank loans or revolving credit facilities.
We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the
capital we require by other means. Our inability to raise additional funds when required may have a negative impact on our operations,
business development and financial results. 

Going Concern Uncertainties 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared using the going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company experienced
an accumulated deficit of 756,534 and the total, stockholders deficit of 409,372. The continuation of the Company as a going
concern through December 31, 2023 is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the Company
is currently pursuing additional financing for its operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing
sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

6 

These and other factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being
able to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

Our management routinely makes judgments and estimates
about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. As the number of variables and assumptions affecting the probable future resolution
of the uncertainties increase, these judgments become even more subjective and complex. We have identified the following accounting policies,
described below, as the most critical to an understanding of our current financial condition and results of operations. 

Basis of Presentation 

The financial statements of the Company have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP and are presented
in US dollars. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all short-term highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

7 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC
740, Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income
in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred
tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. Deferred tax assets or
liabilities were off-set by a 100 valuation allowance; therefore there has been no recognized benefit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Deferred tax asset attributable to net operating loss carryover 
 158,872 
 149,087 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (158,872 
 (149,087 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

Income Tax Provision in
the Statements of Operations 

A reconciliation
of the consolidated federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

2022 
 2021 

Federal statutory tax expense (benefit) rate 
 (21 
 (21 
 
 State income tax (benefit) rate, net of effect (no operation) 
 (0 
 (0 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 21 
 21 
 
 Effective income tax rate 

Comprehensive Income 

ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income ,
establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive income
as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income, as presented
in the accompanying statement of stockholders equity, consists of changes in unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency translation.
This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. 

Stock-based Compensation 

The Company accounts for employee and non-employee
stock awards under ASC Topic 718, whereby equity instruments issued to employees for services are recorded based on the fair value of
the instrument issued and those issued to non-employees are recorded based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair
value of the equity instrument, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

8 

Issuance of Shares for Service 

The Company accounts for the issuance of equity
instruments to acquire goods and services based on the fair value of the goods and services or the fair value of the equity instrument
at the time of issuance, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

Foreign Currencies Translation 

The functional currency of the Company is Hong
Kong dollars HK ). The Company maintains its financial statements in the functional currency. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at rates of exchange prevailing
at the balance sheet dates. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional
currency at the exchanges rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Exchange gains or losses arising from foreign currency transactions
are included in the determination of net income for the respective periods. 

For financial reporting purposes, assets and liabilities
of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the US are translated into US , in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation
of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates
prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded
as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statement of stockholders equity. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying value of the Company s financial
instruments (excluding short-term bank borrowing): cash and cash equivalents, accounts and retention receivable, prepayments and other
receivables, accounts payable, income tax payable, amount due to a related party, other payables and accrued liabilities approximate at
their fair values because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

Management believes, based on the current market
prices or interest rates for similar debt instruments, the fair value of its obligation under finance lease and short-term bank borrowing
approximate the carrying amount. 

The Company also follows the guidance of the ASC
Topic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ), with respect to financial assets and liabilities
that are measured at fair value. ASC 820-10 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in measuring
fair value as follows: 

Level 1: Inputs are based upon unadjusted quoted prices for identical
instruments traded in active markets; 

Level 2: Inputs are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments
in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques
(e.g. Black-Scholes Option-Pricing model) for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and
discount the future amounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs; and 

Level 3: Inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect
management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are
therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash flow models. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point
in time based on relevant market information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties
and matters of significant judgment and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect
the estimates. 

9 

Net Loss Per Share 

The Company calculates net loss per share in accordance
with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share. Basic income per share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share is computed similar to basic income per share except that
the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common
stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes all
existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry specific guidance. This new standard requires a company to recognize
revenues when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive
for those goods or services. 

The new
revenue standards became effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, and were adopted using the modified retrospective method. The adoption
of the new revenue standards as of January 1, 2018 did not change the Company s revenue recognition as the Company did not have
any revenue to be recognized. 

Under the
new revenue standards, the revenues are recognized when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that
reflects the consideration which it expects to receive in exchange for those goods. The Company recognizes revenues following the five
step model prescribed under ASU No. 2014-09: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the
contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
(v) recognize revenues when (or as) we satisfy the performance obligation. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12,
Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which simplifies the accounting for income taxes, eliminates certain exceptions within ASC
740, Income Taxes, and clarifies certain aspects of the current guidance to promote consistent application among reporting entities. The
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
with early adoption permitted. Upon adoption, the Company must apply certain aspects of this standard retrospectively for all periods
presented while other aspects are applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings
as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact this update will have on its financial statements. 

August 2020,
the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470- 20) and Derivatives and Hedging
- Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of
liabilities and equity. This ASU (1) simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock by removing
the existing guidance in ASC 470-20, Debt: Debt with Conversion and Other Options, that requires entities to account for beneficial
conversion features and cash conversion features in equity, separately from the host convertible debt or preferred stock; (2) revises
the scope exception from derivative accounting in ASC 815-40 for freestanding financial instruments and embedded features that are both
indexed to the issuer s own stock and classified in stockholders equity, by removing certain criteria required for equity
classification; and (3) revises the guidance in ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, to require entities to calculate diluted earnings per
share (EPS) for convertible instruments by using the if-converted method. In addition, entities must presume share settlement for purposes
of calculating diluted EPS when an instrument may be settled in cash or shares. For SEC filers, excluding smaller reporting companies,
ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. For all other entities, ASU 2020-06 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities should adopt the guidance
as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption and cannot adopt the guidance in an interim reporting period. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2020-06 may have on its financial statements and related disclosures when adopted. 

10 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings
Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives
and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) , ASU 2021-04 ). This ASU reduces diversity in an
issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants)
that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. This ASU provides guidance for a modification or an exchange of a freestanding
equity-classified written call option that is not within the scope of another Topic. It specifically addresses: (1) how an entity should
treat a modification of the terms or conditions or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity
classified after modification or exchange; (2) how an entity should measure the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding
equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified after modification or exchange; and (3) how an entity should recognize
the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified after
modification or exchange. This ASU is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. An entity should
apply the amendments prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. Early adoption
is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of ASU 2021-04 on January 1, 2022 did not have a material impact on
the Company s condensed financial statements or disclosures. 

Management believes that other recent accounting
pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and
the Securities and Exchange Commission do not have a material impact on the Company s present or near future financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This information is not required of smaller reporting companies. 

11 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets (Stated in US Dollars) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations (Stated in US Dollars) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit (Stated in US Dollars) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows (Stated in US Dollars) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Stated in US Dollars) 
 F-6 

12 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 X Metaverse, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of X Metaverse, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
as of December 31, 2022, the Company experienced an accumulated deficit of 756,534 and suffered from continuous losses for a reasonable
period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These matters raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are described in Note
2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

June 21, 2023 

F- 1 

X METAVERSE INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

At December 31, 
 At December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities: 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Amounts due to related parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock Par value: US shares authorized: issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:
 shares 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 2 

X METAVERSE INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

For the Year ended 
 For the Year ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Other operating loss 

Administrative and other operating expenses 

Operating loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net profit (loss) and comprehensive gain (loss) 

Net gain (loss) per share - Basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares of common stock - Basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 3 

X METAVERSE INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

Common 
 Additional 

Common Stock 
 Stock to be 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Subscribed 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income and comprehensive income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

X METAVERSE INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

For the Year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year ended December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net profit (loss) 

Changes in current assets and liabilities 

Increase in account receivable and prepayment 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other payables 

Increase (decrease) in amount due to related parties 

Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from stock issuance 

Net cash (provided) by financing activities 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplementary disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

X METAVERSE INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Stated in US Dollars) 

 and the total, stockholders deficit of . The continuation of the Company as a
going concern through December 31, 2023 is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the
Company is currently pursuing additional financing for its operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful
in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These and other factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company not being
able to continue as a going concern. 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU
2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation-Stock
Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) , ASU
2021-04 ). This ASU reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding
equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants) that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. This
ASU provides guidance for a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that is not within
the scope of another Topic. It specifically addresses: (1) how an entity should treat a modification of the terms or conditions or
an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified after modification or exchange;
(2) how an entity should measure the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option
that remains equity classified after modification or exchange; and (3) how an entity should recognize the effect of a modification
or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified after modification or
exchange. This ASU is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. An entity should apply the
amendments prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. Early adoption is
permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The adoption of ASU 2021-04 on January 1, 2022 did not have a material
impact on the Company s condensed financial statements or disclosures. 

Management believes that other recent accounting
pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
and the Securities and Exchange Commission do not have a material impact on the Company s present or near future financial
statements. 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Income
Tax Provision in the Statements of Operations 

A reconciliation of the consolidated
federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

State income tax (benefit) rate, net of effect (no operation) 

Valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

shares of
common stock to Azari Bin A Ghani, Mazlan Bin Muhammad, Syed Mokhtar Bin Syed Agil and Tengku Faikah Binti Tengku Ismail (10 shares each)
for a consideration of . 

On April 13, 2017, the Company issued shares of
common stock to Romli Bin Che Noh, Suhaila Binti Md Arsid Arshad, Yu Ming Ngee, Ritha Tumiar Situmorang, Norizan Binti A Latif, Mohammad
Zamri Bin Wan Chik and Adicandra Manurung (10 shares each) for a consideration of . 

On June 30, 2017, the Company issued shares of
common stock to Mohd Afidi Bin Abdullah, Den Wijaya, Ching Yang Det and Mohd Zaki Bin Ahmadl (10 shares each) and Johanes Abednego (20
shares) for a consideration of . 

On August 7, 2017, the Company filed a certificate
of change with the Secretary of State of Nevada to effectuate a reverse stock split (the Stock Split of its issued and
outstanding shares of common stock on a 1-for-10,000 basis. The number of its authorized shares of common stock will remain at 1,200,000,000
shares, par value 0.001. The Stock Split became effective with FINRA on October 24, 2017 (the Effective Date ). As of that
date, every 10,000 shares of issued and outstanding common stock were converted into one share of common stock. No fractional shares will
be issued in connection with the Stock Split. Instead, any fractional shares will be rounded up to the next whole share and a holder of
record of old common stock on the Effective Date who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share will, in lieu thereof, be issued
one whole share. All share and earnings per share information have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split in the financial
statements. 

During the year ended December 31, 2017, the
Company has received the proceeds of 87 for subscription of common stock and no common stock was issued yet. 

On December 18, 2019, the investor withdrew his
subscription and the Company paid 87 back to him. 

April 10, 2020, Mi1 Global Limited, the major shareholder,
converted certain debt of the Company in the amount of at a price per share of 0.001 into shares of common stock of the Company.
As consideration for the conversion, the Company issued shares of common stock of the Company to Mi1 Global Limited. As a result
of the conversion, Mi1 Global Limited increased its ownership to 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

The Company has no stock option plan, warrants
or other dilutive securities. 

The Company has the authority to issue 
shares of common stock, par value. The total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 is . 

and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balances due to related party
were and ,
respectively. 

F- 12 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the Company s Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The Company s management, with the participation
of our principal executive and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial
officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and
with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way
Commission COSO ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that there were control
deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. 
 We do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company s financial statement. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

2. 
 We did not maintain appropriate cash controls As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not maintained sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for the cash process, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions, and did not require dual signature on the Company s bank accounts. Alternatively, the effects of poor cash controls were mitigated by the fact that the Company had limited transactions in their bank accounts. 

3. 
 We did not implement appropriate information technology controls As of December 31, 2022, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

13 

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these
control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described
above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

System of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that
is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

An evaluation was conducted under the supervision
and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the quarterly period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

14 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding our executive officers and directors as of April 1, 2021. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Principal
 Position 
 
 Appointment/Resignation
 date 
 
 Kok Seng Yeap 

47 

Director,
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 24, 2020 
 
 Lau Chew Chye 

48 

Chief Financial Officer
 and Director 
 
 June 23, 2020 

Kok Seng Yeap , has
served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director since March 24, 2020 and served as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer from March 24, 2020 until June 23, 2020. Mr. Kok, age 47, has over 20 years of experience in the financial industry
as an expert in the financial industry, working in sectors such as Private Banking, Insurance, Pre IPO, Financial Engineering and Corporate
Acquisition Merger transactions. He also has significant marketing experience through working for multinational corporations including
Great Eastern Life Assurance Berhad, Prudential Assurance Berhad, Pacific Unit Trust Berhad, and as a legal professional will writer
in RockwillSdn Bhd. in 2013. He is a Life Insurance Practitioner with the qualification obtained from the Malaysia Insurance Institute.
Currently, Mr. Kok serves as Managing Director of NobleCorp Asset Management Ltd. Mr. Kok graduated from the Global University (GULL),
USA with a Masters in Finance and Management. 

Lau Chew Chye , 45,
has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and as a Director since June 23, 2020, he has served as the Deputy General
Director of Asia Trade City Development Co., Ltd. and in that capacity, was involved in a development project of Vietnam-Singapore Industries
Park and the planning, implementation and operations of Asia Trade City Project. Currently, he is associated with GIC Land (HK) Co. Limited
where he works on project management consultancy, mobile airtime services, and money remittance services, and TechCom, Inc. where has
served as the Chief Financial Officer since August 1, 2019. Mr. Lau Chew Chye holds a Bachelor s Degree in Accountancy from the
Association of International Accountants in the UK and a Master of Business Administration from Honolulu University. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive
officers and proposed directors or executive officers. 

Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years, none of our directors,
executive officers or control persons have been involved in any of the following events: 

any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was an executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

any judicial or administrative proceedings resulting from involvement in mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; 

any judicial or administrative proceedings based on violations of federal or state securities, commodities, banking or insurance laws and regulations, or any settlement to such actions (other than settlements of civil proceedings among private parties); and 

any disciplinary sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization. 

15 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a written
Code of Ethics that applies to all of our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, or persons performing similar functions. We will make a copy of our Code of Ethics available to anyone upon written request. 

Board Nominations 

There have been no material
changes to the Company s procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

Audit Committee Matters 

The Company does not have
a formal Audit Committee. All matters are handled by the Board of Directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors and ten percent
stockholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on copies of such
forms received or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons, we believe that,
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than ten percent
beneficial owners were complied with. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officers 

None of the Company s
Named Executive Officers have received compensation in the form of cash for their management services to the Company since our inception.
Future compensation of officers will be determined by the Board of Directors based upon our financial condition and performance, our financial
requirements, and individual performance of each officer. 

We do not have an employment
agreement with the Company s Named Executive Officers. Further, we have no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments
to be received from the Company, with respect to either Executive Officer or any other of our employees, which would in any way result
in payments to any such person because of resignation, retirement or other termination of such person's employment with us, or any change
in control of the Company, or a change in the person's responsibilities following such a change in control. 

No retirement, pension, profit
sharing, stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by us for the benefit of our executive officers
and employees. 

16 

Directors 

Pursuant to our bylaws, our
directors are eligible to be reimbursed for their actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending board meetings and other director
functions, as well as fixed fees and other compensation to be determined by our board of directors. The fixed fee is determined by the
Board of Directors from time to time . In 2022 and 2021, we did not pay cash compensation to our directors for services as directors. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation; Compensation
Committee Report 

This information is not required
of smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2021. The information in this table provides
the ownership information for: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock; 

each of our directors and executive officers; and 

all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial ownership has been
determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to our common
stock and those rights to acquire additional shares within sixty days. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table below
have sole voting and investment power with respect to the number of shares of common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them, except
to the extent such power may be shared with a spouse. Common stock beneficially owned and percentage ownership are based on 110,000 shares
of common stock currently outstanding and no additional shares potentially acquired within sixty days. 

Name and Address 
 of Beneficial Owner(1) 

Sole Voting and 
 Investment Power 

Shared Voting and 
 Investment Power 

Total 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Percentage of 
 Outstanding Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 
 Kok Seng Yeap (2) 

99,156 

99,156 

90.14 

Lau Chew Chye 

All directors and executive officers as a group 

99,156 

99,156 

90.14 

________________ 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the address of such beneficial owner is c509, Block C, 5th Floor, Pusat Dagangan Phileo Damansara 1, No.9, Jalan 16/11, 46350 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia. 
 
 (2) 
 Shares of common stock held by Mi1 Global Limited, which Mr. Kok may be deemed to own beneficially. 

Change of Control Arrangements 

None. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

17 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our directors have advanced
funds on an interest-free basis, with no maturity date, from inception for working. Amounts advanced totaled 381,178 in 2022 and 359,422
in 2021. 

As of the date of this Annual
Report, we have no standing committees and our entire board of directors serves as our audit and compensation committees. We have determined
that none of our directors are independent based on an analysis of the standards for independence set forth in NASDAQ listing standards
and SEC rule. If we undertake to qualify our common stock for quotation in the over-the-counter market, we may need to ensure we meet
any eligibility requirements with respect to independent directors. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The audit fees billed by our
current independent registered accounting firm billed was 7,500 and 7,500 for the audit services rendered for the year 2022 and 2021.
The aggregate fees for 2022 and 2021 was 15,000. 

Audit-Related Fees 

We did not receive audit-related
services that are not reported as Audit Fees for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Tax Fees 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, our principal accountant did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant other than those set forth above. 

18 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 

(a) The following Exhibits are filed as part of
this report. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended as of May 4, 2009 

3.2 
 By-laws, as currently in effect 

10.1 
 Financial Consulting Services Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2007, by and among Mega Pacific Capital Inc. and Domain Extremes Inc. 

10.2 
 Project Agreement, dated January 11, 2008, between Domain Extremes Inc. and Guangzhou Sunnasia Digital Technology Co. Ltd. 

10.3 
 Service Agreement, dated February 17, 2016, between Domain Extremes Inc. and Fintel (USA) Ltd. 

10.4 
 Debt Exchange Agreement dated April 10, 2020 between Mi1 Global Limited and the Company, Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21, 2020. 

14.1 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 Statement required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Statement required by 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language); (i) Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (iii) Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and (iv) Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, (v) Notes to Financial Statements. 

Filed herewith 

19 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 21st day of June, 2023. 

X METAVERSE INC . 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 By: /s/ Kok Seng Yeap 

Kok Seng Yeap 

Director, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 

By: /s/ Lau Chew Chye 

Lau Chew Chye 

Director, Chief Financial Officer 

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Kok Seng Yeap 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Kok Seng Yeap 

/s/ Lau Chew Chye 
 Director, and Chief Financial Officer 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Lau Chew Chye 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 xmeta_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

 For Form 10-K for the Period Ended December
31, 2022 

I, Kok Seng Yeap, certify that: 

1 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of X Metaverse Inc.; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 21, 2023 

/s/ Kok Seng Yeap 
 Kok Seng Yeap 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 xmeta_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

 For Form 10-K for the Period Ended December
31, 2021 

I, Lau Chew Chye, certify that: 

1 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of X Metaverse Inc.; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 21, 2023 

/s/ Lau Chew Chye 
Lau Chew Chye 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 xmeta_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of X Metaverse Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kok Seng Yeap, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 21, 2023 

/s/ Kok Seng Yeap 
 Kok Seng Yeap 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 xmeta_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of X Metaverse Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lau Chew Chye, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 21, 2023 

/s/ Lau Chew Chye 
Lau Chew Chye 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 affg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 affg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 affg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 affg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

