<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230621_10-K_edgar_data_1367083_0001683168-23-004323.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6384698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>386260</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1473839</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1604524</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1199005</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1562777</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-004323.hdr.sgml : 20230621
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230621161557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-004323
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230621
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230621

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001367083
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				680423298
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33216
		FILM NUMBER:		231030036

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5445 CONESTOGA COURT, SUITE 150
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-759-9305

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5445 CONESTOGA COURT, SUITE 150
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-004323.txt : 20230621

10-K
 1
 sonoma_i10k-033123.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For transition period from _________________ to _________________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

The Stock Market LLC 
 
 (Title of Each Class) 
 
 (Trading Symbol(s)) 
 
 (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 None. 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on September 30, 2022, was based on
a total of 3,089,327 shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates on September 30, 2022, at the closing price
of 2.13 per share, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

There were shares
of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding on June 16, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

Items 10 (as to directors
and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance), 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III will incorporate by reference information
from the registrant s proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation
of proxies for the registrant s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 36 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 46 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 46 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 46 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 50 

Signatures 
 51 

i 

PART I 

This report includes forward-looking
statements. The words may, will, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 expect, intend, plan, aim, seek, should, likely, 
and similar expressions as they relate to us or our management are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. All statements
by Sonoma regarding expected financial position, revenues, cash flows and other operating results, business strategy, legal proceedings
and similar matters are forward-looking statements. Our expectations expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements may not
turn out to be correct. Our results could be materially different from our expectations because of various risks, including the risks
discussed in this report under Part I Item 1A Risk Factors. Any forward-looking statement
speaks only as of the date as of which such statement is made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date as of which such statement
was made. 

ITEM 1. Business 

Corporate Information 

We originally incorporated as Micromed Laboratories,
Inc. in 1999 under the laws of the State of California. We changed our name to Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. in 2001. In December 2006
we reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, and in December 2016 we changed our name to Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

In 2022, we relocated our principal executive
offices from 645 Molly Lane, Suite 150, Woodstock, Georgia, 30189 to 5445 Conestoga Court, Suite 150, Boulder, Colorado 80301. We have
two active wholly-owned subsidiaries: Oculus Technologies of Mexico, S.A. de C.V., and Sonoma Pharmaceuticals Netherlands, B.V. Our fiscal
year end is March 31. Our corporate telephone number is (800) 759-9305. Our websites are www.sonomapharma.com and www.sonomapharma.eu.
The websites and any information contained therein or connected thereto is not intended to be incorporated into this report. 

Overview 

We are a global healthcare leader for developing
and producing stabilized hypochlorous acid, or HOCl, products for a wide range of applications, including wound care, eye care, oral care,
dermatological conditions, podiatry, animal health care and non-toxic disinfectants. Our products reduce infections, itch, pain, scarring
and harmful inflammatory responses in a safe and effective manner. In-vitro and clinical studies of HOCl show it to have impressive antipruritic,
antimicrobial, antiviral and anti-inflammatory properties. Our stabilized HOCl immediately relieves itch and pain, kills pathogens and
breaks down biofilm, does not sting or irritate skin and oxygenates the cells in the area treated, assisting the body in its natural healing
process. We sell our products either directly or via partners in 55 countries worldwide. 

Business Update 

Over the past three years, we have focused on
restructuring Sonoma with the goal of growing our revenues while maintaining costs. During 2022, we consolidated all U.S. operations into
our Boulder, Colorado office, including sales, marketing and finance staff. Our revenues have grown as a result of adding new customers
and distributors, and organic growth from existing customers and distributors. We have also focused on introducing new products into multiple
markets around the world and increasing our regulatory reach by seeking new approvals and clearances. 

1 

Some of our recent business updates include: 

On June 8, 2023, we announced a new application of our Microcyn Technology for intraoperative pulse
lavage irrigation treatment, which can replace commonly used IV bags in a variety of surgical procedures and is expected to be ready for
commercial use in Europe in September 2023. 

On April 11, 2023, we launched Podiacyn TM Advanced Everyday Foot Care direct to consumers for
over-the-counter use in the United States, intended for management of foot odors, infections, and irritations, as well as daily foot health
and hygiene. The same day we introduced a new pediatric dermatology and wound care product for over-the-counter use, Pediacyn TM 
All Natural Skin Care First Aid For Children. 

In March 2023, we announced new EPA claims for our Nanocyn hospital-grade disinfectant for effective
use against Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA), Salmonella, Norovirus, Poliovirus, and as a fungicide. Nanocyn was previously
approved for use against COVID-19 as well as emerging pathogens including Ebola virus, Mpox, and SARS-CoV-2. Nanocyn also received the
esteemed Green Seal Certification after surpassing a series of rigorous standards that measure environmental health, sustainability
and product performance. 

We continued to expand our network of global partners by entering into a distribution agreement with Daewoong
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in South Korea, in January 2023 for the marketing and distribution
of Primocyn TM Skin Solution products. 

Our Microcyn Rx products, including wound care, prescription dermatology products Celacyn 
and Levicyn , and prescription eye care Acuicyn , received a Distribution and Pricing Agreement (DAPA) in
January 2023 for distribution by the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), enabling our partner, EMC Pharma, LLC to enter into distribution
agreements for these products with federal customers. 

On January 4, 2023, we launched a line of office dispense products exclusively for skin care professionals,
including two new products, Reliefacyn Plus Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel and Rejuvacyn Plus Skin Repair Cooling Mist.
Along with Regenacyn Plus Scar Management Hydrogel, these office dispense products are targeted to dermatology practices
and medical spas. 

We continue to invest in research and development,
both in the U.S. and internationally, for our core performance-stabilized hypochlorous acid, or HOCl, technology. We have an active pipeline
of products and we continue to seek new regulatory clearances to expand potential markets we can sell our products into. 

Business Channels 

Our core market differentiation is based on being
the leading developer and producer of stabilized hypochlorous acid, or HOCl, solutions. We have been in business for over 20 years, and
in that time, we have developed significant scientific knowledge of how best to develop and manufacture HOCl products backed by decades
of studies and data collection. HOCl is known to be among the safest and most-effective ways to relieve itch, inflammation and burns while
stimulating natural healing through increased oxygenation and eliminating persistent microorganisms and biofilms. 

We sell our products into many markets both in
the U.S. and internationally. In international markets, we ship a variety of products to 55 countries. Our core strategy is to work with
partners both in the United States and around the world to market and distribute our products. In some cases, we market and sell our own
products. 

2 

Dermatology 

We have developed unique, differentiated, prescription-strength
and safe dermatologic products that support paths to healing among various key dermatologic conditions. Our products are primarily targeted
at the treatment of redness and irritation, the management of scars and symptoms of eczema/atopic dermatitis. We are strategically focused
on introducing innovative new products that are supported by human clinical data with applications that address specific dermatological
procedures currently in demand. In addition, we look for markets where we can provide effective product line extensions and pricing to
new product families. 

In the United States, we partner with EMC Pharma,
LLC to sell our prescription dermatology products. Pursuant to our agreement with EMC Pharma, we manufacture products for EMC Pharma and
EMC Pharma has the right to market, sell and distribute them to patients and customers for an initial term of five years, subject to meeting
minimum purchase and other requirements. 

On September
28, 2021, we launched a new over-the-counter product, Regenacyn Advanced Scar Gel, which is clinically proven to improve the overall
appearance of scars while reducing pain, itch, redness, and inflammation. On the same day, we launched Regenacyn Plus, a prescription-strength
scar gel which is available as an office dispense product through physician offices. 

On October
27, 2022, we launched two new over-the-counter dermatology products in the United States, Reliefacyn Advanced Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain
Relief Hydrogel for the alleviation of red bumps, rashes, shallow skin fissures, peeling, and symptoms of eczema/atopic dermatitis, and
Rejuvacyn Advanced Skin Repair Cooling Mist for management of minor skin irritations following cosmetic procedures as well as daily
skin health and hydration. 

In June 2022, the Natural Products Association
certified Rejuvacyn Advanced as a Natural Personal Care Product. 

On January 4, 2023, we launched a line of office
dispense products exclusively for skin care professionals, including two new prescription strength dermatology products, Reliefacyn Plus
 Advanced Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel and Rejuvacyn Plus Skin
Repair Cooling Mist . These products, along with Regenacyn Plus Scar Gel, will
be marketed and sold directly to dermatology practices and medical spas. 

On April 11, 2023, we introduced a new pediatric
dermatology and wound care product for over-the-counter use, Pediacyn TM All Natural Skin Care First Aid For Children . 

Our consumer
products are available through Amazon.com, our website and third-party distributors. 

We sell dermatology products in Europe and Asia
through a distributor network. In these international markets, we have a network of partners, ranging from country specific distributors
to large pharmaceutical companies to full-service sales and marketing companies. We work with our international partners to create products
they can market in their home country. Some products we develop and manufacture are private label while others use branding we have already
developed. We have created or co-developed a wide range of products for international markets using our core HOCl technology. 

First Aid and Wound Care 

Our HOCl-based wound care products are intended
for the treatment of acute and chronic wounds as well as first- and second-degree burns, and as an intraoperative irrigation treatment.
They work by first removing foreign material and debris from the skin surface and moistening the skin, thereby improving wound healing.
Secondly, our HOCl products assist in the wound healing process by removing microorganisms. Since HOCl is an important constituent of
our innate immune system and is formed and released by the macrophages during phagocytosis, it is advantageous to other wound-irrigation
and antiseptic solutions, as highly organized cell structures such as human tissue can tolerate the action of our wound care solution
while single-celled microorganisms cannot. Due to its unique chemistry, our wound treatment solution is much more stable than similar
products on the market and therefore maintains much higher levels of hypochlorous acid over its shelf life. 

3 

In the United States, we sell our wound care products
directly to hospitals, physicians, nurses, and other healthcare practitioners and indirectly through non-exclusive distribution arrangements.
In Europe, we sell our wound care products through a diverse network of distributors. 

To respond to market demand for our HOCl technology-based
products, we launched our first direct to consumer over-the-counter product in the United States in February 2021. Microcyn OTC Wound
and Skin Cleanser is formulated for home use without prescription to help manage and cleanse wounds, minor cuts, and burns, including
sunburns and other skin irritations. Microcyn OTC is available without prescription through Amazon.com, our online store and third-party
distributors. 

In March 2021, we received approval to market
and use our HOCl products as biocides under Article 95 of the European Biocidal Products Regulation in France, Germany and Portugal. The
approval applies to our products MucoClyns for human hygiene to be marketed and commercialized by us, MicrocynAH for animal
heath marketed and commercialized through our partner, Petagon Limited, and MicroSafe for disinfectant use to be marketed and commercialized
through our partner, MicroSafe Group DMCC. 

In June 2022, the Natural Products Association
certified Microcyn OTC as a Natural Personal Care Product in the United States. 

In June 2023, we announced a new application of
our HOCl technology for intraoperative pulse lavage irrigation treatment, which can replace commonly used IV bags in a variety of surgical
procedures. The intraoperative pulse lavage container is designed to be used in combination with a pulse lavage irrigation device, or
flush gun, for abdominal, laparoscopic, orthopedic, and periprosthetic procedures. It is expected to be ready for commercial use in Europe
in September 2023, and we anticipate commercial launch in the U.S. in 2024. 

Eye Care 

Our prescription product
Acuicyn is an antimicrobial prescription solution for the treatment of blepharitis and the daily hygiene of eyelids and lashes
and helps manage red, itchy, crusty and inflamed eyes. It is strong enough to kill the bacteria that causes discomfort, fast enough to
provide near instant relief, and gentle enough to use as often as needed. In the United States, our partner EMC Pharma is selling our
prescription-based eye care product through its distribution network. 

On September 28, 2021,
we launched Ocucyn Eyelid Eyelash Cleanser, which is sold directly to consumers on Amazon.com, through our online store, and
through third party distributors. Ocucyn Eyelid Eyelash Cleanser, designed for everyday use, is a safe, gentle, and effective
solution for good eyelid and eyelash hygiene. 

In international markets
we rely on distribution partners to sell our eye products. On May 19, 2020, we entered into an expanded license and distribution agreement
with our existing partner, Brill International S.L. for our Microdacyn60 Eye Care HOCl-based product. Under the license and distribution
agreement, Brill has the right to market and distribute our eye care product under the private label Ocudox in Italy, Germany,
Spain, Portugal, France, and the United Kingdom for a period of 10 years, subject to meeting annual minimum sales quantities. In return,
Brill paid us a one-time fee, and the agreed upon supply prices. In parts of Asia, Dyamed Biotech markets our eye product under the private
label Ocucyn. 

Oral, Dental and Nasal Care 

We sell
a variety of oral, dental, and nasal products around the world. 

In late 2020, we launched a HOCl-based product
in the dental, head and neck markets called Endocyn , a biocompatible root canal irrigant. In the U.S., we sell our dental products
through U.S.-based distributors. 

4 

In international markets, our product Microdacyn60 
Oral Care treats mouth and throat infections and thrush. Microdacyn60 solution assists in reducing inflammation and pain, provides soothing
cough relief and does not contain any harmful chemicals. It does not stain teeth, is non-irritating, non-sensitizing, has no contraindications
and is ready for use with no mixing or dilution. 

Our international nasal care product Sinudox 
based on our HOCl technology is intended for nasal irrigation. Sinudox Hypotonic Nasal Hygiene clears and cleans a blocked nose, stuffy
nose and sinuses by ancillary ingredients that may have a local antimicrobial effect. Sinudox is currently sold through Amazon in Europe.
In other parts of the world, we partner with distributors to sell Sinudox. 

Podiatry 

Our HOCl-based wound care products are also indicated
for the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers. In the United States, we sell our wound care products directly to podiatrists as well as hospitals,
nurses, and other healthcare practitioners and indirectly through non-exclusive distribution arrangements. In Europe, we sell our wound
care products for podiatric use through a diverse network of distributors. 

On April 11, 2023, we launched Podiacyn TM 
Advanced Everyday Foot Care direct to consumers for over-the-counter use in the United States, intended for management of foot odors,
infections, and irritations, as well as daily foot health and hygiene. Podiacyn is available through Amazon.com, our online store and
third-party distributors. 

Animal Health Care 

MicrocynAH is a HOCl-based topical product
that cleans, debrides and treats a wide spectrum of animal wounds and infections. It is intended for the safe and rapid treatment of a
variety of animal afflictions including cuts, burns, lacerations, rashes, hot spots, rain rot, post-surgical sites, pink eye symptoms
and wounds to the outer ear of any animal. 

For our animal health products sold in the U.S.
and Canada, we partnered with Manna Pro Products, LLC to bring relief to pets and peace of mind to their owners. Manna Pro distributes
non-prescription products to national pet-store retail chains, farm animal specialty stores, in the United States and Canada, such as
Chewy.com, PetSmart, Tractor Supply, Cabela s, PetExpress, and Bass Pro Shops. On August 2, 2022, we announced the launch of a MicrocynVS 
line of products exclusively for veterinarians for the management of wound, skin, ear and eye afflictions in all animal species. 

For the
Asian and European markets, on May 20, 2019, we partnered with Petagon, Limited, an international importer and distributor of quality
pet food and products for an initial term of five years. We supply Petagon with all MicrocynAH products sold by Petagon. On August 3,
2020, Petagon received a license from the People s Republic of China for the import of veterinary drug products manufactured by
us. This is the highest classification Petagon and Sonoma can receive for animal health products in China. 

Surface Disinfectants 

Our HOCl technology has been formulated as a disinfectant
and sanitizer solution for our partner MicroSafe and is sold in numerous countries. It is designed to be used to spray in aerosol format
in areas and environments likely to serve as a breeding ground for the spread of infectious disease, which could result in epidemics or
pandemics. The medical-grade surface disinfectant solution is used in hospitals worldwide to protect doctors and patients. In May 2020,
Nanocyn Disinfectant Sanitizer received approval to be entered into the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods, or ARTG for
use against the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, or COVID-19, and was also authorized in Canada for use against COVID-19. Nanocyn has also met
the stringent environmental health and social/ethical criteria of Good Environmental Choice Australia, or GECA, becoming one of the very
few eco-certified, all-natural disinfectant solutions in Australia. 

Through our partner MicroSafe, we sell hard surface
disinfectant products into Europe, the Middle East and Australia. 

5 

On July 31, 2021, we granted MicroSafe the non-exclusive
right to sell and distribute Nanocyn in the United States provided that MicroSafe secure U.S. EPA approval. In April of 2022, MicroSafe
secured the EPA approval for Nanocyn Disinfectant Sanitizer, meaning that it can now be sold in the United States as a surface
disinfectant, and it was subsequently added to the EPA s list N for use against COVID-19. In June 2022, the EPA added Nanocyn to
List Q as a disinfectant for Emerging Viral Pathogens, including Ebola virus, Mpox, and SARS-CoV-2, and in March 2023 added Nanocyn to
Lists G and H, for use against Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA), Salmonella, Norovirus, Poliovirus, and as a fungicide.
Nanocyn also received the Green Seal Certification after surpassing a series of rigorous standards that measure environmental
health, sustainability and product performance. Nanocyn is a hospital-grade disinfectant and manufactured by us using our patented HOCl
technology. Nanocyn is currently sold by MicroSafe in Europe, the Middle East and Australia. 

Employees 

As of June 2, 2023, we employed a total of 8 full-time
employees in the United States, and one full-time employee in the Netherlands. Additionally, we had 162 employees in Mexico. We are not
a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We believe relations with employees are very good. 

Products 

Our products are all classified as medical devices
and categorized as prescription, over-the-counter (OTC), and office dispense products. Below are some of our key products that we either
sell through our own efforts or through partnership agreements. 

Dermatology 

In the United States, we offer Regenacyn Advanced
Scar Gel, Reliefacyn Advanced Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel, and Rejuvacyn Advanced Skin Repair Cooling Mist for OTC purchase, and
Regenacyn Plus Scar Gel, Reliefacyn Plus Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel, and Rejuvacyn Plus Skin Repair Cooling Mist for office dispense.
We also offer Podiacyn TM Advanced Everyday Foot Care and Pediacyn TM All Natural Skin Care First Aid For Children
for over-the-counter use. 

Regenacyn Advanced Scar Gel and Regenacyn Plus Scar Gel 

Regenacyn Advanced Scar Gel is clinically proven to improve the
overall appearance of scars while reducing pain, itch, redness, and inflammation. Regenacyn Plus is a prescription-strength scar
gel which is available as an office dispense product through dermatology practices and medical spas. 

Reliefacyn Advanced Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel and Reliefacyn 
Plus Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel 

Reliefacyn Advanced Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel is intended
for the alleviation of red bumps, rashes, shallow skin fissures, peeling, and symptoms of eczema/atopic dermatitis. Reliefacyn Plus
is a prescription-strength formula available as an office dispense product through dermatology practices and medical spas. 

6 

Rejuvacyn Advanced Skin Repair Cooling Mist and Rejuvacyn 
Plus Skin Repair Cooling Mist 

Rejuvacyn Advanced Skin Repair Cooling Mist is intended for management
of minor skin irritations following cosmetic procedures as well as daily skin health and hydration. Rejuvacyn Plus is a prescription-strength
formula available as an office dispense product through dermatology practices and medical spas.

Pediacyn TM Skin Care First Aid for Children 

Pediacyn TM is a pediatric dermatology and wound care product
for over-the-counter use. 

Our prescription product offerings in the U.S.
are sold by our partner EMC Pharma, LLC and include Epicyn Antimicrobial Facial Cleanser, Levicyn Antimicrobial Dermal Spray,
Levicyn Antipruritic Gel, Levicyn Antipruritic Spray Gel, Celacyn Scar Management Gel and Sebuderm Topical Gel. 

Internationally, we offer GramaDerm Hydrogel
and Solution Combo Pack to assist in the treatment of topical mild to moderate acne, Epicyn Scar Management Hydrogel and Pediacyn 
Atopic Dermatitis Hydrogel. 

Wound Care 

In the United States we offer Microcyn wound and skin care both
as an OTC and prescription product. 

Microcyn OTC Advanced Wound Skin Cleanser 

7 

Microcyn Wound Care Management for Professional Use 

Microcyn offers enhanced healing properties. 
 
 Microcyn is a HOCl-based topical line of
 products designed to stimulate expedited healing by targeting a wide range of pathogens including viruses, fungi, spores and bacteria,
 including antibiotic-resistant strains that slow the natural healing of wounds. 

Eye, Nasal and Oral Care 

Ocucyn Eyelid and Eyelash Cleanser is an OTC product sold directly
in the United States. 

Microdacyn60 Oral Care 

Microdacyn60 Oral Care with patented technology
 supports the treatment of mouth and throat infections and the debridement and moistening of mouth lesions and thrush. 
 
 This adjuvant solution assists in reducing inflammation,
 pain, soothing cough relief and does not contain any harmful chemicals. It does not stain teeth, is non-irritating, non-sensitizing, has
 no contraindications and is ready for use with no mixing or dilution. 

8 

Podiatry 

Podiacyn TM Advanced Everyday Foot Care 

Podiacyn TM is intended for management of foot odors, infections,
and irritations, as well as daily foot health and hygiene. 

Animal Health Care 

In the United States and internationally, our
HOCl-based MicrocynAH line offers topical solutions designed to relieve the common symptoms of hot spots, scratches, skin rashes
post-surgical sites and irritated animal skin and promote expedited healing for all animals. 

Our MicrocynVS line is veterinarian-strength
animal care for use in vet clinics and animal hospitals. 

9 

Surface Disinfectants 

Through our partner MicroSafe DMCC, Dubai, we
sell Nanocyn . Nanocyn is a hospital-grade disinfectant indicated to sterilize hard surfaces by spraying directly onto the surface,
for medical devices by submerging the device in Nanocyn, and also for fumigation into the air. 

When fumigated, Nanocyn has demonstrated the ability
to kill a wide range of airborne pathogens and significantly reduce the spread of infectious disease. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expense consists primarily
of expenses for clinical studies, personnel, regulatory services and supplies. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, research and
development expense amounted to 207,000 and 125,000, respectively. A small percentage of these expenses were borne by our customers. 

We manufacture all of our products at our facility
in Zapopan, Mexico. We have developed a manufacturing process and conduct quality assurance testing on each production batch in accordance
with current U.S., Mexican and international Current Good Manufacturing Practices. Our facility is required to meet and maintain regulatory
standards applicable to the manufacture of pharmaceutical and medical device products and is certified and complies with U.S. Current
Good Manufacturing Practices, Quality Systems Regulations for medical devices, and International Organization for Standardization, or
ISO, guidelines. Our facility has been approved by the Ministry of Health and is also ISO 13485 certified. 

Our machines are tested regularly, which is part
of a validation protocol mandated by U.S., Mexican and international Current Good Manufacturing Practices, Quality Systems Regulation,
and ISO requirements. This validation is designed to ensure that the final product is consistently manufactured in accordance with product
specifications at all manufacturing sites. Certain materials and components used in manufacturing are proprietary to Sonoma. All other
raw materials and supplies utilized in the manufacturing process of our products are available from various third-party suppliers in quantities
adequate to meet our needs. 

10 

We believe we own a sufficient factory space and
equipment to produce an adequate amount of product to meet anticipated future requirements for at least the next two years. With expansion
into new geographic markets, we may establish additional manufacturing facilities to better serve those new markets. 

U.S. Regulatory Approvals and Clearances 

To date, we have obtained 21 U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, or FDA, clearances permitting the sale of products as medical devices for Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act in the United States. 

Outside the United States, we sell products for
dermatological and advanced tissue care with a European Conformity marking, Conformit Europ enne, or CE. On April 9, 2020,
we received an updated CE certificate covering 39 products in 54 countries with various approvals in Brazil, China, Southeast Asia, South
Korea, India, Australia, New Zealand, and the Middle East. 

The following table summarizes
our current material regulatory approvals and clearances by brand. 

Brand 
 
 Approval Type 
 
 Summary Indication 

HOCl-based Products: 

Microcyn Wound Care Management 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 

Prescription product, intended to be used in the management, via debridement of wounds such as stage I-IV pressure ulcers, partial and full thickness wounds, diabetic foot ulcers, post surgical wounds, first and second degree burns, grafted and donor sites. 

Microcyn OTC Advanced Wound Skin Cleanser 

OTC product for use in the management of skin abrasions, lacerations, minor irritations, cuts and intact skin. 

Lasercyn Gel, Levicyn Gel 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 
 
EU CE Mark 
 
 Prescription and OTC product, intended for use to relieve itch and pain from minor skin irritations, lacerations, abrasions and minor burns, such as sunburn. As a prescription product it is also intended for sores, injuries, ulcers of dermal tissue and exuding wounds. 

Sebuderm 

U.S. 510(k) 
 
 EU CE Mark 
 
 Prescription-only product, manages and relieves the burning, itching, erythema, scaling, and pain experienced with seborrhea and seborrheic dermatitis. It also helps to relieve dry, waxy skin by maintaining a moist wound and skin environment, which is beneficial to the healing process. 

Regenacyn Advanced Scar Gel 
 Regenacyn Plus Scar Gel 
 Celacyn Scar Management Gel 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 
 
 Prescription and OTC product, for the management of old and new hypertrophic and keloid scarring resulting from burns, general surgical procedures and trauma wounds. 

Levicyn SG 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 
 
EU CE Mark 
 
 Prescription and OTC product, for the management and relief of burning and itching associated with many common types of skin irritation, lacerations, abrasions and minor burns. As a prescription product it also relieves burning and itching and pain associated with various types of dermatoses, including radiation dermatitis and atopic dermatitis. 

11 

Epicyn Antimicrobial Facial Cleanser 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 
 
EU CE Mark 
 
 Prescription and OTC product, management of skin abrasions, lacerations, minor irritations, cuts and intact skin. As a prescription product it is intended for the cleansing, irrigation, moistening, debridement and removal of foreign material and debris from exudating wounds, first- and second-degree burns and other skin irritations. 

Rejuvacyn Advanced Skin Repair Cooling Mist 
 Rejuvacyn Plus Skin Repair Cooling Mist 
 Lasercyn Gel 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 
 
 Prescription and OTC product, intended for the management of minor skin irritations following post non ablative laser therapy procedures, post microdermabrasion therapy and following superficial chemical peels, and to relieve itch and pain from minor skin irritations, lacerations, abrasions and minor burns. 

Reliefacyn Advanced Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel 
 Reliefacyn Plus Itch-Burn-Rash-Pain Relief Hydrogel 
 Levicyn Dermal Spray, Lasercyn Dermal Spray 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 
 
 Prescription and OTC product, for the management of skin abrasions, lacerations, minor irritations, cuts and intact skin. As a prescription product it is intended for the cleansing, irrigation, moistening, debridement and removal of foreign material including microorganisms and debris from exudating wounds, acute and chronic dermal lesions, burns, and other skin irritations. 

Acuicyn Antimicrobial Eyelid Eyelash Hygiene 

Ocucyn Antimicrobial Eyelid Eyelash Hygiene 
 
 U.S. 510(k) 

Prescription product, under the supervision of
 a healthcare professional, intended for the cleansing, irrigation, moistening, debridement and removal of foreign material and debris
 from exudating wounds, acute and chronic dermal lesions including stage I-IV pressure ulcers, stasis ulcers, diabetic ulcers, post-surgical
 wounds, first- and second-degree burns, abrasions, minor irritations of the skin, diabetic foot ulcers, ingrown toe nails, grafted/donor
 sites and exit sites. It is also intended for use to moisten and lubricate wound dressings and for use with devices intended to irrigate
 wounds. 
 
 OTC product, intended for OTC use in the management
 of skin abrasions, lacerations, minor irritations, cuts, and intact skin. 

Endocyn Root Canal Irrigation Solution 
 
 U.S.510(k) 
 
 Endocyn Root Canal Irrigation Solution is intended to irrigate, cleanse, and debride root canal systems including the removal of foreign material and debris during root canal therapy. It is also intended to provide for lubrication and irrigation during root canal instrumentation. 

Gramaderm 
 
 EU CE Mark 
 
 Various product formulations for the topical treatment of mild to moderate acne. 

Microdacyn60 
 
 EU CE Mark 
 
 Various product formulations for the management of itching, burning and other skin irritations. 

MucoClyns 
 
 EU CE Mark 
 
 Indicated for the use in emergencies and safe to use on mucous membranes, cuts, abrasions, burns and body surfaces for the treatment immediately after an unexpected exposure to infection risk, and professional medical attention. 

Sinudox 
 
 EU CE Mark 
 
 Solution intended for nasal irrigation, including the moistening of cuts, abrasions and lacerations located in the nasal cavity. 

12 

Significant Customers 

We rely on certain key customers for a significant
portion of revenues. At March 31, 2023, customer A represented 22 of our net accounts receivable balance and customer D represented 21 
of our net accounts receivable balance. At March 31, 2022, customer B represented 20 of our net accounts receivable balance, customer
D represented 15 of our net accounts receivable balance, and customer E represented 14 of our net accounts receivable balance. For the
year ended March 31, 2023, customer A represented 16 , customer B represented 18 and customer C represented 11 of net revenues. For
the year ended March 31, 2022, customer A represented 21 , customer B represented 17 , and customer C represented 10 of net revenues. 

Intellectual Property 

Our success depends in part on an ability to obtain
and maintain proprietary protection for product technology and know-how, to operate without infringing proprietary rights of others, and
to prevent others from infringing on our proprietary rights. We seek to protect a proprietary position by, among other methods, filing,
when possible, U.S. and foreign patent applications relating to our technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the
business. We have patented certain aspects of our HOCl technology in the United States and worldwide. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how,
continuing technological innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain a proprietary position. 

Although we work diligently to protect proprietary
technology, there are no assurances that any patent will be issued from currently pending patent applications or from future patent applications.
The scope of any patent protection may not exclude competitors or provide competitive advantages, and any patent may not be held valid
if subsequently challenged, and others may claim rights in or ownership of patents and proprietary rights. Furthermore, others may develop
products similar to ours and may duplicate any of the products or design around patents. 

We have also filed for trademark protection for
marks used with products in each of the following regions: United States, Europe, Canada, certain countries in Central and South America,
including Mexico and Brazil, certain countries in the Middle East and certain countries in Asia, including Japan, China, Hong Kong, the
Republic of Korea, India and Australia. In addition to patents and trademarks, we rely on trade secret and other intellectual property
laws, nondisclosure agreements and other measures to protect intellectual property rights. We believe that in order to have a competitive
advantage, we must develop and maintain the proprietary aspects of technologies. Employees, consultants and advisors are required to execute
confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment, consulting or advisory relationships. Employees, consultants and advisors
with whom we expect to work with are also required to disclose and assign to us all inventions made in the course of a working relationship
with them, while using intellectual property or which relate to our business. Despite any measures taken to protect our intellectual property,
unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of the products or to wrongfully obtain or use information that is regarded as proprietary. 

Competition 

We compete globally across six main channels:
dermatology, eye, nasal and oral care, wound and acute care, podiatry, animal health care and surface disinfectants with our HOCl technology. 

13 

Dermatology 

Our dermatology products are at the forefront
of HOCl-based solutions, a safe and highly effective active ingredient designed to relieve itching, burning and inflammation and acts
as a highly effective antimicrobial agent. We believe no other solutions on the market provide the same patient benefits at the levels
of safety and cost. Our HOCl-based solutions face significant competition in the United States from prescription products including corticosteroids,
topical steroids and topical antibiotics. Our opportunity as an adjunct to these steroids is based on the insight that many doctors and
patients limit steroid and antibiotic use due to potential side effects. These side effects include bacterial resistance, stinging, burning
and inflammation for topical antibiotics and stretch marks, easy bruising, tearing of the skin and, to a lesser extent, enlarged blood
vessels for topical steroids. Our HOCl-based products are safe, non-toxic and have shown few side effects in clinical studies. 

Wound and Acute Care Markets 

Similar to our dermatology products, our HOCl-based
wound and acute care solutions provide improved efficacy at lower costs than traditional acute care products. Our HOCl-based solutions
compete with topical anti-infectives and antibiotics, as well as some advanced wound technologies, such as skin substitutes, growth factors
and delayed release silver-based dressings. Our opportunity in this space relative to antibiotics is based on the insight that competing
antibiotic solutions may have resistance-building properties. 

Factors Affecting Competitive Position 

While some other companies are able to produce
small molecule, HOCl-based formulations, based on our research, their products may become unstable after a relatively short period of
time or have large ranges of effectiveness. We believe our HOCl-based solutions are among the most stable therapeutics available. 

Some of our competitors in the dermatology, wound
care, eye, nasal and oral care, animal health care and surface disinfectant markets enjoy several competitive advantages. These include: 

greater name recognition; 

established relationships with healthcare professionals, patients and third-party payors; 

established distribution networks; 

additional product lines and the ability to offer rebates or bundle products to offer discounts or incentives; 

experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, obtaining regulatory approval for products and marketing; and 

financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing and patient support. 

Government Regulation 

Government authorities in the United States, at
the federal, state and local levels, and foreign countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing,
manufacture, labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution, sampling, marketing, and import and export of pharmaceutical products, biologics
and medical devices. All of our products in development will require regulatory approval or clearance by government agencies prior to
commercialization. In particular, human therapeutic products are subject to rigorous pre-clinical and clinical trials and other approval
procedures of the FDA and similar regulatory authorities in foreign countries. Various federal, state, local and foreign statutes and
regulations also govern testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, distribution and record-keeping related to such products and
their marketing. The process of obtaining these approvals and clearances, and the subsequent process of maintaining substantial compliance
with appropriate federal, state, local, and foreign statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial
resources. In addition, statutes, rules, regulations and policies may change and new legislation or regulations may be issued that could
delay such approvals. 

14 

Medical Device Regulation 

To date, we have received 21 510(k) clearances
for use of products as medical devices in tissue care management, such as cleaning, debridement, lubricating, moistening and dressing,
including for acute and chronic wounds, and in dermatology applications. Any future product candidates or new applications classified
as medical devices will require clearance by the FDA. 

Medical devices are subject to FDA clearance and
extensive regulation under the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act. Under the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act, medical devices are classified
into one of three classes: Class I, Class II or Class III. The classification of a device into one of these three classes generally depends
on the degree of risk associated with the medical device and the extent of control needed to ensure safety and effectiveness. Devices
may also be designated unclassified. Unclassified devices are legally marketed pre-amendment devices for which a classification regulation
has yet to be finalized and for which a pre-market approval is not required. 

Class I devices are devices for which safety and
effectiveness can be assured by adherence to a set of general controls. These general controls include compliance with the applicable
portions of the FDA s Quality System Regulation, which sets forth good manufacturing practice requirements; facility registration,
device listing and product reporting of adverse medical events; truthful and non-misleading labeling; and promotion of the device only
for its cleared or approved intended uses. Class II devices are also subject to these general controls, and any other special controls
as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. Review and clearance by the FDA for these devices
is typically accomplished through the 510(k) pre-market notification procedure. When 510(k) clearance is sought, a sponsor must submit
a pre-market notification demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed device. If the FDA
agrees that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, then 510(k) clearance to market will be granted.
After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would
constitute a major change in its intended use, requires a new 510(k) clearance or could require a pre-market approval. 

Clinical trials are almost always required to
support a pre-market approval application and are sometimes required for a 510(k) pre-market notification. These trials generally require
submission of an application for an investigational device exemption. An investigational device exemption must be supported by pre-clinical
data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, which show that the device is safe to test in humans and that the study protocols
are scientifically sound. The FDA must approve an investigational device exemption, in advance, for a specified number of patients, unless
the product is deemed a non-significant risk device and is eligible for more abbreviated investigational device exemption requirements. 

Both before and after a medical device is commercially
distributed, manufacturers and marketers of the device have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations. The FDA reviews design and
manufacturing practices, labeling and record keeping, and manufacturers required reports of adverse experiences and other information
to identify potential problems with marketed medical devices. Device manufacturers are subject to periodic and unannounced inspection
by the FDA for compliance with the Quality System Regulation, which sets forth the Current Good Manufacturing Practice requirements that
govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for the design, manufacture, packaging, servicing, labeling, storage,
installation and distribution of all finished medical devices intended for human use. 

FDA regulations prohibit the advertising and promotion
of a medical device for any use outside the scope of a 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval or for unsupported safety or effectiveness
claims. Although the FDA does not regulate physicians practice of medicine, the FDA does regulate manufacturer communications with
respect to off-label use. 

15 

If the FDA finds that a manufacturer has failed
to comply with FDA laws and regulations or that a medical device is ineffective or poses an unreasonable health risk, it can institute
or seek a wide variety of enforcement actions and remedies, ranging from a public warning letter to more severe actions such as: 

imposing fines, injunctions and civil penalties 

requiring a recall or seizure of products 

implementing operating restrictions, which can include a partial suspension or total shutdown of production 

refusing requests for 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval of new products 

withdrawing 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval approvals already granted 

criminal prosecution 

The FDA also has the authority to require a company
to repair, replace, or refund the cost of any medical device. 

The FDA also administers certain controls over
the export of medical devices from the United States, as international sales of medical devices that have not received FDA clearance are
subject to FDA export requirements. Additionally, each foreign country subjects such medical devices to its own regulatory requirements.
In the European Union, there is a single regulatory approval process and approval is represented by the presence of a CE marking. 

Other Regulation in the United States 

The Physician Payments Sunshine Act 

The Physician Payments Sunshine Act signed into
law in 2010 as part of the Affordable Care Act requires manufacturers of medical devices, drugs, biologicals, and medical supplies to
track and report certain payments made to and transfers of value provided to physicians and teaching hospitals as well as to report certain
ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. These manufacturers must report annually to
the Center for Medicare Medicaid Services any direct or indirect payments and transfers of value of 10 or more, or annual aggregate
of 100 or more, made to physicians or to a third party at the request of or on behalf of a physician, including dentists. Payment includes:
consulting fees, compensation for services other than consulting, honoraria, gifts, entertainment, food, travel (including the specified
destinations), education, research, charitable contribution, royalty or license, current or prospective ownership or investment interest,
direct compensation for serving as faculty or as a speaker for a medical education program, grants, any other nature of the payment, or
other transfer of value. Manufacturers face monetary penalties for non-compliance. Certain payments related to research must be reported
separately. Product samples intended for patient use need not be reported. 

Health Care Coverage and Reimbursement by Third-Party
Payors 

Commercial success in marketing and selling products
depends, in part, on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party health care payors, such as government and
private health insurers and managed care organizations. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the pricing of medical products
and services. Government and private sector initiatives to limit the growth of health care costs, including price regulation, competitive
pricing, and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many countries where we do business, including the United States. These changes
are causing the marketplace to be more cost-conscious and focused on the delivery of more cost-effective medical products. Government
programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health care insurance companies, and managed-care plans control costs by limiting coverage
and the amount of reimbursement for particular procedures or treatments. This has created an increasing level of price sensitivity among
customers for our products. Some third-party payors also require that a favorable coverage determination be made for new or innovative
medical devices or therapies before they will provide reimbursement of those medical devices or therapies. Even though a new medical product
may have been cleared or approved for commercial distribution, we may find limited demand for the product until adequate coverage and
reimbursement have been obtained from governmental and other third-party payors. 

16 

Fraud and Abuse Laws 

In the United States, we are subject to various
federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, which, among other things, prohibit the offer or acceptance of remuneration
intended to induce or in exchange for the purchase of products or services reimbursed under a federal healthcare program and the submission
of false or fraudulent claims with the government. These laws include the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act and comparable
state laws. These laws regulate the activities of entities involved in the healthcare industry, such as Sonoma, by limiting the kinds
of financial arrangements such entities may have with healthcare providers who use or recommend the use of medical products, including,
for example, sales and marketing programs, advisory boards and research and educational grants. In addition, in order to ensure that healthcare
entities comply with healthcare laws, the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recommends
that healthcare entities institute effective compliance programs. To assist in the development of effective compliance programs, the Office
of Inspector General has issued model Compliance Program Guidance, materials for a variety of healthcare entities which, among other things,
identify practices to avoid that may implicate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and other relevant laws and describes elements of an
effective compliance program. While compliance with the Compliance Program Guidance materials is voluntary, a California law requires
pharmaceutical and devices manufacturers to initiate compliance programs that incorporate the Compliance Program Guidance and the July
2002 Pharmaceuticals Research and Manufacturers of America Code on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals. 

Due to the scope and breadth of the provisions
of some of these laws, it is possible that some of our practices might be challenged by the government under one or more of these laws
in the future. Violations of these laws, which are discussed more fully below, can lead to civil and criminal penalties, damages, imprisonment,
fines, exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal health care programs, and the curtailment or restructuring
of operations. Any such violations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows. 

Anti-Kickback Laws 

Our operations are subject to federal and state
anti-kickback laws. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or
providing remuneration directly or indirectly to induce either the referral of an individual for a good or service reimbursed under a
federal healthcare program, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging of a good or service, for which payment may be made under a
federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to
include anything of value, including such items as gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment, waiver of co-payments, and
providing anything at less than its fair market value. Because the Anti-Kickback Statute makes illegal a wide variety of common, even
beneficial, business arrangements, the Office of Inspector General was tasked with issuing regulations, commonly known as safe
harbors, that describe arrangements where the risk of illegal remuneration is minimal. As long as all of the requirements of a
particular safe harbor are strictly met, the entity engaging in that activity will not be prosecuted under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute.
The failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit precisely within one or more safe harbors does not necessarily mean that it is illegal
or that prosecution will be pursued. However, business arrangements that do not fully satisfy an applicable safe harbor may result in
increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities, such as the Office of Inspector General. Our agreements to pay compensation
to our advisory board members and physicians who provide other services for us may be subject to challenge to the extent they do not fall
within relevant safe harbors under state and federal anti-kickback laws. In addition, many states have adopted laws similar to the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute, which apply to the referral of patients for health care services reimbursed by Medicaid, and some have adopted
such laws with respect to private insurance. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute are subject to significant fines and penalties and
may lead to a company being excluded from participating in federal health care programs. 

17 

False Claims Laws 

The federal False Claims Act prohibits knowingly
filing a false claim, knowingly causing the filing of a false claim, or knowingly using false statements to obtain payment from the federal
government. Certain violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute per se violations of the False Claims Act. Under the False Claims
Act, such suits are known as qui tam actions. Individuals may file suit on behalf of the government and share in any amounts
received by the government pursuant to a settlement. In addition, certain states have enacted laws modeled after the federal False Claims
Act under the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, where the federal government created financial incentives for states to enact false claims
laws consistent with the federal False Claims Act. As more states enact such laws, we expect the number of qui tam lawsuits to increase.
Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of healthcare companies to have to defend false
claims actions, pay fines or be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state government healthcare programs as a result
of investigations arising out of such actions. 

HIPAA 

Two federal crimes were created under the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA: healthcare fraud and false statements relating to healthcare matters.
The healthcare fraud statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including
private payors. The false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or
making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits,
items or services. 

Health Information Privacy and Security 

Individually identifiable health information is
subject to an array of federal and state regulation. Federal rules promulgated pursuant to HIPAA regulate the use and disclosure of health
information by covered entities. Covered entities include individual and institutional health care providers from which
we may receive individually identifiable health information. These regulations govern, among other things, the use and disclosure of health
information for research purposes, and require the covered entity to obtain the written authorization of the individual before using or
disclosing health information for research. Failure of the covered entity to obtain such authorization could subject the covered entity
to civil and criminal penalties. We may experience delays and complex negotiations in dealing with each entity s differing interpretation
of the regulations and what is required for compliance. Also, where our customers or contractors are covered entities, including hospitals,
universities, physicians or clinics, we may be required by the HIPAA regulations to enter into business associate agreements
that subject the company to certain privacy and security requirements. In addition, many states have laws that apply to the use and disclosure
of health information, and these laws could also affect the manner in which we conduct research and other aspects of business. Such state
laws are not preempted by the federal privacy law when such laws afford greater privacy protection to the individual than the federal
law. While activities to assure compliance with health information privacy laws are a routine business practice, we are unable to predict
the extent to which resources may be diverted in the event of an investigation or enforcement action with respect to such laws. 

Foreign Regulation 

Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product,
approval of a product by the applicable regulatory authorities of foreign countries must be obtained before clinical trials or marketing
of the product in those countries can begin. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter
than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement
also vary greatly from country to country. Although governed by the applicable country, clinical trials conducted outside of the United
States typically are administered under a three-phase sequential process similar to that discussed above for medical devices. 

18 

European Union Regulation 

Medical Device Regulation 

Our products are classified as medical devices
in the European Union. In order to sell medical device products within the European Union, we are required to comply with the requirements
of the Medical Devices Regulation, and its national implementations, including affixing CE markings on products. The CE marking indicates
a product s compliance with EU legislation and so enables the sale of products throughout the European Economic Area, or the EEA,
comprising the 28 Member States of the EU and European Free Trade Association, or EFTA, countries Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein.
In order to comply with the Medical Devices Regulation, we must meet certain requirements relating to the safety and performance of products
and, prior to marketing products, we must successfully undergo verification of products regulatory compliance, or conformity assessment. 

The Medical Devices Regulation was adopted in
the EU on May 26, 2017 to replace the existing Medical Device Directive, and became applicable on May 26, 2021, with a transition period
until May 26, 2024. Under the new Medical Devices Regulation, certain devices are classified in higher classes, new devices are classified,
and certain new obligations are imposed on manufacturers and distributors. Manufacturers are required to engage a medical device expert
and carry insurance for possible liability claims. In addition, the pre-market approval and post-market surveillance requirements are
enhanced. The European Database for Medical Devices, or Eudamed, will hold and publish information on medical devices collected from the
European Commission and the national authorities. 

Medical devices are divided into three regulatory
classes: Class I, Class IIB and Class III. The nature of the conformity assessment procedures depends on the regulatory
class of the product. In order to comply with the examination, we completed, among other things, a risk analysis and presented clinical
data, which demonstrated that our products met the performance specifications claimed by us, provided sufficient evidence of adequate
assessment of unwanted side effects and demonstrated that the benefits to the patient outweigh the risks associated with the device. We
are subject to continued supervision and are required to report any serious adverse incidents to the appropriate authorities. We are also
required to comply with additional national requirements that are beyond the scope of the Medical Devices Regulation. 

We received a CE certificate for 39 of our Class
IIB medical devices, which allows us to affix CE markings on these products and sell them in Europe. We may not be able to maintain the
requirements established for CE markings for any or all of our products or be able to produce these products in a timely and profitable
manner while complying with the requirements of the Medical Devices Regulation and other regulatory requirements. 

European Good Manufacturing Process 

In the European Union, the manufacture of pharmaceutical
products and clinical trial supplies is subject to good manufacturing practice as set forth in the relevant laws and guidelines. Compliance
with good manufacturing practice is generally assessed by the competent regulatory authorities. They may conduct inspections of relevant
facilities, and review manufacturing procedures, operating systems and personnel qualifications. In addition to obtaining approval for
each product, in many cases each drug manufacturing facility must be approved. Further inspections may occur over the life of the product. 

Mexican Regulation 

The Ministry of Health is the authority in charge
of sanitary controls in Mexico. Sanitary controls are a group of practices related to the orientation, education, testing, verification
and application of security measures and sanctions exercised by the Ministry of Health. The Ministry of Health is responsible for the
issuance of Official Mexican Standards and specifications for drugs subject to the provisions of the General Health Law, which govern
the process and specifications of drugs, including the obtaining, preparing, manufacturing, maintaining, mixing, conditioning, packaging,
handling, transporting, distributing, storing and supplying of products to the public at large. In addition, a medical device is defined
as a device that may contain antiseptics or germicides used in surgical practice or in the treatment of continuity solutions, skin injuries
or its attachments. 

19 

Under the General Health Law, a business that
manufactures drugs is either required to obtain a Sanitary Authorization or to file an Operating Notice. Our
Mexican subsidiary, Oculus Technologies of Mexico, S.A. de C.V., is considered a business that manufactures medical devices and therefore
is not subject to a Sanitary Authorization, but rather only required to file an Operating Notice. 

In addition to its Operating Notice, our Mexico
subsidiary has obtained a Good Processing Practices Certificate issued by Mexican Federal Commission for the Protection
against Sanitary Risks, which demonstrates that the manufacturing at our facility located in Zapopan, Mexico, operates in accordance with
the applicable official standards. 

In addition, regulatory approval of prices is
required in most countries other than the United States, which could result in lengthy negotiations delaying our ability to commercialize
products. We face the risk that the prices which result from the regulatory approval process would be insufficient to generate an acceptable
return. 

Available Information 

We make available on sonomapharma.com, free of
charge, copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such materials to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC. Sonomapharma.com and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into
this annual report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We have a history of losses, we expect to
continue to incur losses and we may never achieve profitability and our March 31, 2023 audited consolidated financial statements included
disclosure that casts substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We reported a net loss of 5,151,000 and 5,086,000
for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At March 31, 2023 and 2022, our accumulated deficit amounted to 189,514,000
and 184,363,000, respectively. We had working capital of 10,081,000 and 10,611,000 as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, net cash used in operating activities amounted to 6,152,000 and 4,248,000, respectively. As
of March 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 3,820,000. 

We spent the most recent years working to reduce
our losses and have made significant progress. However, we expect to continue incurring losses for the foreseeable future. We may never
achieve or sustain profitability. We must raise additional capital to pursue our product development initiatives, penetrate markets for
the sale of our products and continue as a going concern. We cannot provide any assurance that we will raise additional capital. We believe
that we have access to capital resources through possible public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations,
or other means. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to curtail our research and development initiatives
and take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations.
These measures could cause significant delays in our efforts to further commercialize our products, which are critical to the realization
of our business plan and to our future operations. These matters raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
or become profitable. 

20 

We depend on third party distributors and
intend to continue to license or collaborate with third parties in various potential markets, and events involving these strategic partners
or any future collaboration could delay or prevent us from developing or commercializing products. 

Our business strategy and our short- and long-term
operating results depend in part on our ability to execute on existing strategic collaborations and to license or partner with new strategic
partners. We believe collaborations allow us to leverage our resources and technologies and to access markets that are compatible with
our own core areas of expertise while avoiding the cost of establishing or maintaining a direct sales force in each market. We may incur
significant costs in the use of third parties to identify and assist in establishing relationships with potential collaborators. We currently
use distributors for most of our products. 

We have limited control over the amount and timing
of resources that our current partners or any future collaborators devote to our collaborations or potential products. These partners
may breach or terminate their agreements with us or otherwise fail to conduct their collaborative activities successfully and in a timely
manner. Further, our partners may not develop or commercialize products that arise out of our collaborative arrangements or devote sufficient
resources to the development, manufacture, marketing or sale of these products. 

To penetrate our target markets, we may need to
enter into additional collaborative agreements to assist in the development and commercialization of products. Establishing strategic
collaborations is difficult and time-consuming. Potential collaborators may reject collaborations based upon their assessment of our financial,
regulatory or intellectual property position and our internal capabilities. Our discussions with potential collaborators may not lead
to the establishment of new collaborations on favorable terms and may have the potential to provide collaborators with access to our key
intellectual property filings and next generation formations. By entering into collaboration, we may preclude opportunities to collaborate
with other third parties who do not wish to associate with our existing third-party strategic partners. Moreover, in the event of termination
of a collaboration agreement, termination negotiations may result in less favorable terms. 

Mexican tax law prevents us from deducting
intercompany interest expense incurred by our Mexico subsidiary Oculus Technologies of Mexico, S.A. de C.V and requires withholding tax
on payments remitted to the US. At the same time, we are unable to recognize tax benefits for foreign tax credits for U.S. tax purposes. 

Since 2004, we loaned
substantial amounts to our Mexico subsidiary Oculus Technologies of Mexico, S.A. de C.V. at various interest rates to fund their operations.
As of March 31, 2023, our Mexico subsidiary owes approximately 12.3 million in principal, 11.1 million in technical assistance payments
and 21.8 million in accrued interest. The intercompany loans mature in 2027. There is no guarantee that our Mexican subsidiary will be
able to pay any or all of the amounts due. If we were to forgive the debt or if we were to convert the debt to equity, it would be subject
to Mexico income tax at 30 , or approximately 10.2 million, as well as Mexican withholding tax of 15 . 

Mexico s thin capitalization
rules also require taxpayers to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio of 3:1. Any interest paid to foreign related parties that results in indebtedness
exceeding a ratio of 3:1 to their stockholder s equity is not deductible for Mexican corporate income tax purposes and we did not
meet that condition. Therefore, we have not been able to deduct the intercompany interest on our Mexico tax returns since 2004. It has
prevented our Mexico subsidiary from accruing net operating losses in Mexico to offset potential future profits. At the same time the
intercompany interest income in the United States decreases our U.S. net operating losses and reduces our ability to apply these carryforwards
to offset future taxable income in the United States. 

In addition, any interest
paid to a foreign lender is subject to Mexico withholding tax of 15 . We also have interest owed on our intercompany technical assistance
agreement and royalty withholding of 10 on our technical assistance agreement. This would amount to approximately 4.2 million in Mexico
withholding tax at March 31, 2023, if all of the interest and technical assistance were to be repaid to us. In general, the foreign related
party parent can then claim a credit for these withholding taxes on their U.S. income tax return. However, because of our substantial
U.S. net operating losses, we are prevented from claiming any credit on any withholding tax for U.S. income tax purposes. Any such failure
to pay intercompany debt, inability to deduct income taxes or apply credits, or liability for tax payments could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

21 

We rely on a number of key customers who
may not consistently purchase our products in the future and if we lose any one of these customers, our revenues may decline. 

Although we have a significant number of customers
in each of the geographic markets that we operate in, we rely on certain key customers for a significant portion of our revenues. For
the year ended March 31, 2023, customer A represented 16 , customer B represented 18 and customer C represented 11 of net revenues.
For the year ended March 31, 2022, customer A represented 21 , customer B represented 17 , and customer C represented 10 of net revenues.
In the future, a small number of customers may continue to represent a significant portion of our total revenues in any given period.
These customers may not consistently purchase our products at a particular rate over any subsequent period. The loss of any of these customers
could adversely affect our revenues. 

A majority of our business is conducted
outside of the United States, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the United States, which in turn could cause our business
and operating results to suffer. 

We have material international operations in Mexico,
Asia and Europe. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately 74 and 70 of our total revenue, respectively, were generated
from sales outside of the United States. Our business is highly regulated for the use, marketing and manufacturing of our HOCl-based products
both domestically and internationally. Our international operations are subject to risks, including: 

local political or economic instability; 

continuing restrictions related to the Covid-19 pandemic; 

changes in exchange rates; 

changes in governmental regulation; 

changes in import/export duties; 

trade restrictions; 

lack of experience in foreign markets; 

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing operations in certain foreign countries; 

work stoppages or other changes in labor conditions; 

difficulties in collecting accounts receivables on a timely basis or, at all; and 

adverse tax consequences or overlapping tax structures. 

We plan to continue to market and sell our products
internationally to respond to customer requirements and market opportunities. We currently have manufacturing facilities in Mexico. Establishing
operations in any foreign country or region presents risks such as those described above as well as risks specific to the particular country
or region. In addition, until a payment history is established over time with customers in a new geographic area or region, the likelihood
of collecting receivables generated by such operations could be less than our expectations. As a result, there is a greater risk that
the reserves set with respect to the collection of such receivables may be inadequate. If our operations in any foreign country are unsuccessful,
we could incur significant losses and we may not achieve profitability. 

22 

In addition, changes in policies or laws of the
United States or foreign governments resulting in, among other things, changes in regulations and the approval process, higher taxation,
currency conversion limitations, restrictions on fund transfers or the expropriation of private enterprises, could reduce the anticipated
benefits of our international expansion. If we fail to realize the anticipated revenue growth of our future international operations,
our business and operating results could suffer. 

If we fail to obtain, or experience significant
delays in obtaining, additional regulatory clearances or approvals to market our current or future products, we may be unable to commercialize
these products. 

The developing, testing, manufacturing, marketing
and selling of medical technology products is subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States
and other countries. The process of obtaining regulatory clearance and approval of medical technology products is costly and time consuming.
Even though their underlying product formulations may be the same or similar, our products are subject to different regulations and approval
processes depending upon their intended use. 

The FDA generally clears marketing of a medical
device through the 510(k) pre-market clearance process if it is demonstrated the new product has the same intended use and the same or
similar technological characteristics as another legally marketed Class II device, such as a device already cleared by the FDA through
the 510(k) premarket notification process, and otherwise meets the FDA s requirements. Product modifications, including labeling
the product for a new intended use, may require the submission of a new 510(k) clearance and FDA approval before the modified product
can be marketed. 

In addition, we do not know whether the necessary
approvals or clearances will be granted or delayed for future products. The FDA could request additional information, changes to product
formulation(s) or clinical testing that could adversely affect the time to market and sale of products as drugs. If we do not obtain the
requisite regulatory clearances and approvals, we will be unable to commercialize our products and may never recover any of the substantial
costs we have invested in the development of HOCl. 

Distribution of our products outside the United
States is subject to extensive government regulation. These regulations, including the requirements for approvals or clearance to market,
the time required for regulatory review and the sanctions imposed for violations, vary from country to country. We do not know whether
we will obtain regulatory approvals in such countries or that we will not be required to incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining
these regulatory approvals. In addition, the export by us of certain of our products that have not yet been cleared for domestic commercial
distribution may be subject to FDA export restrictions. Failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, the restriction, suspension
or revocation of existing approvals or any other failure to comply with regulatory requirements would have a material adverse effect on
our future business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If our products do not gain market acceptance,
our business will suffer because we might not be able to fund future operations. 

A number of factors may affect the market acceptance
of our products or any other products we develop or acquire, including, among others: 

the price of our products relative to other products for the same or similar treatments; 

the perception by patients, physicians and other members of the healthcare community of the effectiveness and safety of our products for their indicated applications and treatments; 

changes in practice guidelines and the standard of care for the targeted indication; 

our ability to fund our sales and marketing efforts; and 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts or our partners sales and marketing efforts. 

23 

Our ability to effectively promote and sell any
approved products will also depend on pricing and cost-effectiveness, including our ability to produce a product at a competitive price
and our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement, if any. In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community
on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources, may be constrained by FDA rules and policies on product promotion,
and may never be successful. If our products do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to fund future operations, including developing,
testing and obtaining regulatory approval for new product candidates and expanding our sales and marketing efforts for our approved products,
which would cause our business to suffer. 

If our competitors develop products with
similar characteristics to HOCl, we may need to modify or alter our business strategy, which may delay the achievement of our goals. 

Competitors have and may continue to develop products
with similar characteristics to HOCl. Such similar products marketed by larger competitors can hinder our or our partners efforts
to penetrate the market. As a result, we may be forced to modify or alter our business and regulatory strategy and sales and marketing
plans, as a response to changes in the market, competition and technology limitations, among others. Such modifications may pose additional
delays in achieving our goals. 

Negative economic conditions increase the
risk that we could suffer unrecoverable losses on our customers accounts receivable which would adversely affect our financial
results. 

We grant credit to our business customers, which
are primarily located in Mexico, Europe and the United States. Collateral is generally not required for trade receivables. We maintain
allowances for potential credit losses. At March 31, 2023, customer A represented 22 of our net accounts receivable balance and customer
D represented 21 of our net accounts receivable balance. At March 31, 2022, customer B represented 20 of our net accounts receivable
balance, customer D represented 15 of our net accounts receivable balance, and customer E represented 14 of our net accounts receivable
balance. While we believe we have a varied customer base and have experienced strong collections in the past, if current economic conditions
disproportionately impact any one of our key customers, including reductions in their purchasing commitments to us or their ability to
pay their obligations, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and liquidity. We have not purchased insurance on our accounts
receivable balances. 

If we fail to comply with ongoing regulatory
requirements, or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, these products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal
from the market. 

Regulatory approvals or clearances that we currently
have and that we may receive in the future are subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the products may be marketed, and
any future approvals could contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies. If the FDA determines that our
promotional materials or activities constitute promotion of an unapproved use or we otherwise fail to comply with FDA regulations, we
may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions, including warning letters, injunctions, seizures, civil fines or criminal penalties.
In addition, the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storing, advertising, promoting, distributing and record-keeping
for approved products are subject to extensive regulation. We are subject to continued supervision by European regulatory agencies relating
to our CE markings and are required to report any serious adverse incidents to the appropriate authorities. Our manufacturing facilities,
processes and specifications are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA, Mexican and other regulatory authorities and, from time to
time, we may receive notices of deficiencies from these agencies as a result of such inspections. Our failure to continue to meet regulatory
standards or to remedy any deficiencies could result in restrictions being imposed on our products or manufacturing processes, fines,
suspension or loss of regulatory approvals or clearances, product recalls, termination of distribution, product seizures or the need to
invest substantial resources to comply with various existing and new requirements. In the more egregious cases, criminal sanctions, civil
penalties, disgorgement of profits or closure of our manufacturing facilities are possible. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown
problems with HOCl, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, may result in restrictions on the marketing of our
products, and could include voluntary or mandatory recall or withdrawal of products from the market. 

24 

New government regulations may be enacted and
changes in FDA policies and regulations and, their interpretation and enforcement, could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our products.
We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative
action, either in the United States or abroad. Therefore, we do not know whether we will be able to continue to comply with any regulations
or that the costs of such compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, and results
of operations. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we will not be permitted to market our products and our business
would suffer. 

We may experience difficulties in manufacturing
our products, which could prevent us from commercializing one or more of our products. 

The machines used to manufacture our products
are complex, use complicated software and must be monitored by highly trained engineers. Slight deviations anywhere in our manufacturing
process, including quality control, labeling, and packaging, could lead to a failure to meet the specifications required by the FDA, the
Environmental Protection Agency, European notified bodies, Mexican regulatory agencies and other foreign regulatory bodies, which may
result in lot failures or product recalls. If we are unable to obtain quality internal and external components, mechanical and electrical
parts, if our software contains defects or is corrupted, or if we are unable to attract and retain qualified technicians to manufacture
our products, our manufacturing output of HOCl, or any other product candidate based on our platform that we may develop, could fail to
meet required standards, our regulatory approvals could be delayed, denied or revoked, and commercialization of one or more of our products
may be delayed or foregone. Manufacturing processes that are used to produce the smaller quantities of HOCl-based products needed for
clinical tests and current commercial sales may not be successfully scaled up to allow production of significant commercial quantities.
Any failure to manufacture our products to required standards on a commercial scale could result in reduced revenues, delays in generating
revenue and increased costs. 

Our competitive position depends on our
ability to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies. 

Our ability to compete and to achieve and maintain
profitability depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We currently rely on a combination
of patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements, license agreements and invention assignment
agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. We also rely upon unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation
to develop and maintain our competitive position. These measures may not be adequate to safeguard our HOCl technology. If we do not protect
our rights adequately, third parties could use our technology, and our ability to compete in the market would be reduced. 

Our pending patent applications and any patent
applications we may file in the future may not result in issued patents, and we do not know whether any of our in-licensed patents or
any additional patents that might ultimately be issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or foreign regulatory body will protect
our HOCl technology. Any claims that are issued may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing competing substitutes
and may be infringed, designed around, or invalidated by third parties. Even issued patents may later be found to be invalid or may be
modified or revoked in proceedings instituted by third parties before various patent offices or in courts. For example, our European patent
that was initially issued on May 30, 2007 was revoked by the Opposition Division of the European Patent Office in December 2009 following
opposition proceedings instituted by a competitor. 

The degree of future protection for our proprietary
rights is more uncertain in part because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights, and we
will not be able to ensure that: 

we were the first to invent the inventions described in patent applications; 

we were the first to file patent applications for inventions; 

others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate our products without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

25 

any patents licensed or issued to us will provide us with any competitive advantages; 

we will develop proprietary technologies that are patentable; or 

the patents of others will not have an adverse effect on our ability to do business. 

The policies we use to protect our trade secrets
may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of our trade secrets by others. In addition, confidentiality and invention assignment
agreements executed by our employees, consultants and advisors may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our
trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosures. 

We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken
will prevent the misappropriation and use of our intellectual property in the United States, or in foreign countries where the laws may
not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. 

We may face intellectual property infringement
claims that could be time-consuming, costly to defend and could result in our loss of significant rights and, in the case of patent infringement
claims, the assessment of treble damages. 

On occasion, we may receive notices of claims
of infringement, misappropriation, or misuse of other parties proprietary rights. We may have disputes regarding intellectual property
rights with the parties that have licensed those rights to us. We may also initiate claims to defend our intellectual property. Intellectual
property litigation, regardless of its outcome, is expensive and time-consuming, and could divert management s attention from our
business and have a material negative effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. In addition, the outcome of such
litigation may be unpredictable. If there is a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be required to pay substantial damages,
including treble damages if we were to be found to have willfully infringed a third party s patent, to the party claiming infringement,
develop non-infringing technology, stop selling our products or using technology that contains the allegedly infringing intellectual property
or enter into royalty or license agreements that may not be available on acceptable or commercially practical terms, if at all. Our failure
to develop non-infringing technologies or license the proprietary rights on a timely basis could harm our business. In addition, modifying
our products to exclude infringing technologies could require us to seek re-approval or clearance from various regulatory bodies for our
products, which would be costly and time consuming. Also, we may be unaware of pending patent applications that relate to our technology.
Parties making infringement claims on future issued patents may be able to obtain an injunction that would prevent us from selling our
products or using technology that contains the allegedly infringing intellectual property, which could harm our business. 

We could be required to indemnify third
parties for alleged intellectual property infringement, which could cause us to incur significant costs. 

Some of our distribution agreements contain commitments
to indemnify our distributors against liability arising from infringement of third-party intellectual property, such as patents. We may
be required to indemnify our customers for claims made against them or to contribute to license fees they are required to pay. If we are
forced to indemnify for claims or to pay license fees, our business and financial condition could be substantially harmed. 

Our international operations are subject
to trade policies and trade agreements and unfavorable changes could harm our business. 

We have significant international operations in
Mexico and Europe, and we manufacture products for export in Mexico. There may be changes to existing trade agreements, like the USMCA,
which went to effect on July 1, 2020, greater restrictions on free trade generally, and significant increases in tariffs on goods imported
into the United States, particularly tariffs on products manufactured in Mexico, among other possible changes. Any changes to USMCA (or
subsequent trade agreements) could impact our operations in countries where we manufacture or sell products or source components, or materials,
which could adversely affect our operating results and our business. 

26 

Our sales in international markets subject
us to foreign currency exchange and other risks and costs which could harm our business. 

A substantial portion of our revenues are derived
from outside the United States, primarily from Mexico and Europe. We anticipate that revenues from international customers will continue
to represent a substantial portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. Because we generate revenues in foreign currencies, we
are subject to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations. The functional currency of our Mexican subsidiary is the Mexican Peso and the
functional currency of our Netherlands subsidiary is the Euro. For the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, the financial
results of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates during the applicable period. If
the U.S. dollar appreciates against the Mexican Peso or the Euro, as applicable, the revenues we recognize from sales by our subsidiaries
will be adversely impacted. Foreign exchange gains or losses as a result of exchange rate fluctuations in any given period could harm
our operating results and negatively impact our revenues. Additionally, if the effective price of our products were to increase as a result
of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, demand for our products could decline and adversely affect our results of operations
and financial condition. 

The markets in which we operate are highly
competitive and subject to rapid technological change. If our competitors are better able to develop and market products that are less
expensive or more effective than any products that we may develop, our commercial opportunity may be reduced or eliminated. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our ability
to stay at the forefront of technological change and to maintain a competitive position. We compete with large healthcare, pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, along with smaller or early-stage companies that have collaborative arrangements with larger pharmaceutical
companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many of our competitors have
significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, pre-clinical testing, conducting clinical
trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Our competitors may: 

develop and patent processes or products earlier than we will; 

develop and commercialize products that are less expensive or more efficient than any products that we may develop; 

obtain regulatory approvals for competing products more rapidly than we will; and 

improve upon existing technological approaches or develop new or different approaches that render our technology or products obsolete or non-competitive. 

As a result, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize any future products. 

The success of our research and development
efforts may depend on our ability to find suitable collaborators to fully exploit our capabilities. If we are unable to establish collaborations
or if these future collaborations are unsuccessful, our research and development efforts may be unsuccessful, which could adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. 

An important element of our business strategy
is to enter into collaborative or license arrangements under which we license our HOCl technology to other parties for development and
commercialization. We expect to seek collaborators for our potential products because of the expense, effort and expertise required to
conduct clinical trials and further develop those potential product candidates. Because collaboration arrangements are complex to negotiate,
we may not be successful in our attempts to establish these arrangements. If we need third party assistance in identifying and negotiating
one or more acceptable arrangements, it might be costly. Also, we may not have products that are desirable to other parties, or we may
be unwilling to license a potential product because the party interested in it is a competitor. The terms of any arrangements that we
establish may not be favorable to us. Alternatively, potential collaborators may decide against entering into an agreement with us because
of our financial, regulatory or intellectual property position or for scientific, commercial or other reasons. If we are unable to establish
collaborative agreements, we may not be able to develop and commercialize new products, which would adversely affect our business and
our revenues. 

27 

In order for any of these collaboration or license
arrangements to be successful, we must first identify potential collaborators or licensees whose capabilities complement and integrate
well with ours. We may rely on these arrangements for not only financial resources, but also for expertise or economies of scale that
we expect to need in the future relating to clinical trials, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and for licensing technology rights.
However, it is likely that we will not be able to control the amount and timing or resources that our collaborators or licensees devote
to our programs or potential products. If our collaborators or licensees prove difficult to work with, are less skilled than we originally
expected, or do not devote adequate resources to the program, the relationship will not be successful. If a business combination involving
a collaborator or licensee and a third party were to occur, the effect could be to diminish, terminate or cause delays in development
of a potential product. 

If we are unable to comply with broad and
complex federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including state and federal anti-kickback laws, we could face substantial penalties and
our products could be excluded from government healthcare programs. 

We are subject to various federal and state laws
pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, which include, among other things, anti-kickback laws that prohibit payments to
induce the referral of products and services, and false claims statutes that prohibit the fraudulent billing of federal
healthcare programs. Our operations are subject to the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a criminal statute that, subject to certain statutory
exceptions, prohibits any person from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly,
to induce or reward a person either (i) for referring an individual for the furnishing of items or services for which payment may
be made in whole or in part by a government healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid, or (ii) for purchasing, leasing, ordering
or arranging for or recommending the purchasing, leasing or ordering of an item or service for which payment may be made under a government
healthcare program. Because of the breadth of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services, was authorized to adopt regulations setting forth additional exceptions to the prohibitions of the statute
commonly known as safe harbors. If all of the elements of an applicable safe harbor are fully satisfied, an arrangement
will not be subject to prosecution under the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute. 

In addition, if there is a change in law, regulation
or administrative or judicial interpretations of these laws, we may have to change our business practices or our existing business practices
could be challenged as unlawful, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Healthcare fraud and abuse laws are complex, and
even minor, inadvertent irregularities can potentially give rise to claims that a statute or regulation has been violated. The frequency
of suits to enforce these laws has increased significantly in recent years and has increased the risk that a healthcare company will have
to defend a false claim action, pay fines or be excluded from the Medicare, Medicaid or other federal and state healthcare programs as
a result of an investigation arising out of such action. We cannot guarantee that we will not become subject to such litigation. Any violations
of these laws, or any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could harm our reputation,
be costly to defend and divert management s attention from other aspects of our business. Similarly, if the physicians or other
providers or entities with which we do business are found to have violated abuse laws, they may be subject to sanctions, which could also
have a negative impact on us. 

We may not be able to maintain sufficient
product liability insurance to cover claims against us. 

Product liability insurance for the healthcare
industry is generally expensive to the extent it is available at all. We may not be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms
or be able to secure increased coverage if the commercialization of our products progresses, nor can we be sure that existing or future
claims against us will be covered by our product liability insurance. Moreover, the existing coverage of our insurance policy or any rights
of indemnification and contribution that we may have may not be sufficient to offset existing or future claims. A successful claim against
us with respect to uninsured liabilities or in excess of insurance coverage and not subject to any indemnification or contribution could
have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

28 

If any of our third-party
contractors fail to perform their responsibilities to comply with FDA rules and regulations, the manufacture, marketing and sales of our
products could be delayed, which could decrease our revenues. 

Supplying the market
with our HOCl technology products requires us to manage relationships with an increasing number of collaborative partners, suppliers and
third-party contractors. As a result, our success depends partially on the success of these third parties in performing their responsibilities
to comply with FDA rules and regulations. Although we pre-qualify our contractors and we believe that they are fully capable of performing
their contractual obligations, we cannot directly control the adequacy and timeliness of the resources and expertise that they apply to
these activities. For example, we and our suppliers are required to comply with the FDA s quality system regulations, which cover
the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping
of our products. The FDA enforces the quality system regulation through inspections. 

If any of our partners
or contractors fail to perform their obligations in an adequate and timely manner or fail to comply with the FDA s rules and regulations,
including failure to comply with quality systems regulations or a corrective action submitted to the FDA after notification by the FDA
of a deficiency is deemed insufficient, then the manufacture, marketing and sales of our products could be delayed. Our products could
be detained or seized, the FDA could order a recall, or require our partner to replace or offer refunds for our products. The FDA could
also require our partner, and depending on our agreement with our partner, us, to notify healthcare professionals and others that the
products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. If any of these events occur, the manufacture, marketing
and sales of our products could be delayed which could decrease our revenues. 

If we fail to comply
with the FDA s rules and regulations and are subject to an FDA recall as part of an FDA enforcement action, the associated costs
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our Company, our products,
the manufacturing facilities for our products, the distribution of our products, and our promotion and marketing materials are subject
to strict and continual review and periodic inspection by the FDA and other regulatory agencies for compliance with pre-approval and post-approval
regulatory requirements. 

If we fail to comply
with the FDA s rules and regulations, we could be subject to an enforcement action by the FDA. The FDA could undertake regulatory
actions, including seeking a consent decree, recalling or seizing our products, ordering a total or partial shutdown of production, delaying
future marketing clearances or approvals, and withdrawing or suspending certain of our current products from the market. A product recall,
restriction, or withdrawal could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures, destruction of product inventory, and lost revenues
due to the unavailability of one or more of our products for a period of time, which could reduce profitability and cash flow. In addition,
a product recall or withdrawal could divert significant management attention and financial resources. If any of our products are subject
to an FDA recall, we could incur significant costs and suffer economic losses. Production of our products could be suspended and we could
be required to establish inventory reserves to cover estimated inventory losses for all work-in-process and finished goods related to
products we, or our third-party contractors, manufacture. A recall of a material amount of our products could have a significant, unfavorable
impact on our future gross margins. 

If our products
fail to comply with FDA and other governmental regulations, or our products are deemed defective, we may be required to recall our products
and we could suffer adverse public relations that could adversely impact our sales, operating results, and reputation which would adversely
affect our business operations. 

We may be exposed to
product recalls, including voluntary recalls or withdrawals, and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to cause injury
or illness, or if we are alleged to have mislabeled or misbranded our products or otherwise violated governmental regulations. Governmental
authorities can also require product recalls or impose restrictions for product design, manufacturing, labeling, clearance, or other issues.
For the same reasons, we may also voluntarily elect to recall, restrict the use of a product or withdraw products that we consider below
our standards, whether for quality, packaging, appearance or otherwise, in order to protect our brand reputation. 

29 

Product recalls, product
liability claims, even if unmerited or unsuccessful, or any other events that cause consumers to no longer associate our brand with high
quality and safe products may also result in adverse publicity, hurt the value of our brand, harm our reputation among our customers and
other healthcare professionals who use or recommend the products, lead to a decline in consumer confidence in and demand for our products,
and lead to increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our brand, business, performance, prospects, value, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to generate revenue will be
diminished if we or our partners are unable to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement from third-party payors,
or our partners may face pricing pressure from private third-party payers, including customers, from rebates and restrictive reimbursement
practices. 

Our partner s ability to commercialize our
products successfully will depend in part on the extent to which appropriate coverage and reimbursement levels for the cost of our products
and related treatment are obtained from governmental authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, such as health maintenance
organizations, or HMOs. In the United States, governmental and private payors have limited the growth of health care costs through price
regulation or controls, competitive pricing programs and drug rebate programs. 

There is significant uncertainty concerning third-party
coverage and reimbursement of newly approved medical products. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for
medical products and services. Also, the trend toward managed healthcare in the United States and the concurrent growth of organizations
such as HMOs, as well as the Affordable Care Act, or any new healthcare laws may result in lower prices for or rejection
of our products. The cost containment measures that health care payors and providers are instituting and the effect of any healthcare
reform or changes to managed healthcare could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. 

In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions,
there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the health care system in ways that could affect our partner s
abilities to sell our products profitably, and thus lead to decreased demand for our products and revenues for us. We were able to negotiate
minimum purchase requirements in certain of our third-party distributor agreements. However, we have limited control over purchases by
our distributors, to meet the minimum purchase thresholds or above the minimum purchase thresholds. 

Increasingly, private health insurance companies
and self-insured employers have been raising co-payments required from beneficiaries and looking for other ways to shift more of the cost
burden to manufacturers and patients. This cost shifting has given consumers greater control of medication choices, as they pay for a
larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause consumers to favor lower cost generic alternatives to branded pharmaceuticals.
Additionally, patients continue to face cost reduction pressures that may cause them to curtail their use of, or seek reimbursement for,
our products, to negotiate reduced fees or other concessions or to delay payment. Third-party payors may reduce or limit reimbursement
for our products in the future, such as by withdrawing their coverage policies, canceling any future contracts, reviewing and adjusting
the rate of reimbursement, or imposing limitations on coverage. Any such changes could negatively impact the sales of our products by
our partners, and therefore, have a material adverse effect on our revenues. 

Our ability to generate revenue will be
diminished if we or our partners are unable to manage customer product substitutions for our prescription products. 

Similar to other pharmaceutical companies, patients
are increasingly seeking lower-cost substitutes to our products. Even if our patients have a prescription for our product, the pharmacist
may recommend a less expensive product even if that product is less effective or designed for conditions different from what the patient
is seeking to treat. As a result, the patient may choose to abandon purchasing our prescribed product for a less expensive alternative
product resulting in a lost sale for our partners. If the number of consumers substituting our products increases, it could have a material
adverse effect on sales of our products by our partners, and therefore, our revenues, financial position, cash flows and results of operations. 

30 

Our inability to raise additional capital
on acceptable terms in the future may cause us to curtail certain operational activities, including regulatory trials, sales and marketing,
and international operations, in order to reduce costs and sustain the business, and such inability would have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition. 

We expect capital outlays and operating expenditures
to increase over the next several years as we work to expand our sales force, conduct regulatory trials, commercialize our products and
expand our infrastructure. We may need to raise additional capital in order to, among other things: 

increase our sales and marketing efforts to drive market adoption and address competitive developments; 

sustain commercialization of our current products or new products; 

acquire or license technologies; 

develop new products; 

expand our manufacturing capabilities; and 

finance capital expenditures and our general and administrative expenses. 

Our present and future funding requirements will
depend on many factors, including: 

the level of research and development investment required to maintain and improve our technology position; 

cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

our efforts to acquire or license complementary technologies or acquire complementary businesses; 

changes in product development plans needed to address any difficulties in commercialization; 

competing technological and market developments; and 

changes in regulatory policies or laws that affect our operations. 

If we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, it will result in dilution to our stockholders. Any equity securities issued also may provide for rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have
rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose
significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise additional funds through collaborations or licensing arrangements, we might be
required to relinquish significant rights to our technologies or products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. A
failure to obtain adequate funds may cause us to curtail certain operational activities, including regulatory trials, sales and marketing,
and international operations, in order to reduce costs and sustain our business, and would have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial condition. 

31 

Our information technology and infrastructure
may be breached or attacked. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect
and store a limited amount of sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers,
suppliers, business partners, and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our data centers and on our networks.
The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite
our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee
error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed,
publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings,
liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations and the services
we provide to customers, and damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, which could adversely
affect our business, revenues and competitive position. 

Our cash and cash equivalents may be exposed
to failure of our banking institutions. 

We maintain our cash at financial institutions,
in balances that exceed current FDIC insurance limits. On March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was appointed receiver of SVB. While
none of our cash and cash equivalents was held at SVB, if the banks where we hold deposits were to become insolvent or enter receivership,
our ability to access our cash, cash equivalents and investments, including transferring funds, making payments or receiving funds, may
be threatened, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price of our common stock may
be volatile, and the value of your investment could decline significantly. 

The trading price for our common stock has been,
and we expect it to continue to be, volatile. The price at which our common stock trades depends upon a number of factors, including our
historical and anticipated operating results, our financial situation, announcements of new products by us or our competitors, our ability
or inability to raise the additional capital we may need and the terms on which we raise it, and general market and economic conditions.
Some of these factors are beyond our control. Broad market fluctuations may lower the market price of our common stock and affect the
volume of trading in our stock, regardless of our financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects. It is impossible
to assure you that the market price of our shares of common stock will not fall in the future. 

Our operating results may fluctuate, which
could cause our stock price to decrease. 

Fluctuations in our operating results may lead
to fluctuations, including declines, in our share price. Our operating results and our share price may fluctuate from period to period
due to a variety of factors, including: 

demand by physicians, other medical staff and patients for our HOCl-based products; 

reimbursement decisions by third-party payors and announcements of those decisions; 

clinical trial results published by others in our industry and publication of results in peer-reviewed journals or the presentation at medical conferences; 

the inclusion or exclusion of our HOCl-based products in large clinical trials conducted by others; 

32 

actual and anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; 

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 

issues in manufacturing our product candidates or products; 

new or less expensive products and services or new technology introduced or offered by our competitors or by us; 

the development and commercialization of product enhancements; 

changes in the regulatory environment; 

delays in establishing new strategic relationships; 

costs associated with collaborations and new product candidates; 

introduction of technological innovations or new commercial products by us or our competitors; 

litigation or public concern about the safety of our product candidates or products; 

changes in recommendations of securities analysts or lack of analyst coverage; 

failure to meet analyst expectations regarding our operating results; 

additions or departures of key personnel; and 

general market conditions. 

Variations in the timing of our future revenues
and expenses could also cause significant fluctuations in our operating results from period to period and may result in unanticipated
earning shortfalls or losses. In addition, The Nasdaq Capital Market, in general, and the market for life sciences companies, in particular,
have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of those companies. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws and under Delaware law may make it more difficult for stockholders to change our management and may also make
a takeover difficult. 

Our corporate documents and Delaware law contain
provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to change our management and may also enable our management to resist a takeover. These
provisions include: 

the ability of our Board of Directors to issue and designate, without stockholder approval, the rights of up to 714,286 shares of convertible preferred stock, which rights could be senior to those of common stock; 

limitations on persons authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; and 

33 

advance notice procedures required for stockholders to make nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before meetings of stockholders. 

We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits business combinations between a publicly-held Delaware
corporation and an interested stockholder, which is generally defined as a stockholder who became a beneficial owner of
15 or more of a Delaware corporation s voting stock for a three-year period following the date that such stockholder became an
interested stockholder. 

These provisions might discourage, delay or prevent
a change of control in our management. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other
stockholders to elect directors and cause us to take other corporate actions. In addition, the existence of these provisions, together
with Delaware law, might hinder or delay an attempted takeover other than through negotiations with our Board of Directors. 

Our stockholders may experience substantial
dilution in the value of their investment if we issue additional shares of our capital stock or other securities convertible into common
stock. 

Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as
amended, allows us to issue up to 24,000,000 shares of our common stock and to issue and designate, without stockholder approval, the
rights of up to 714,286 shares of preferred stock. In the event we issue additional shares of our capital stock, dilution to our stockholders
could result. In addition, if we issue and designate a class of convertible preferred stock, these securities may provide for rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. Additionally, if we issue preferred stock, it may convert into
common stock at a ratio of 1:1 or greater because our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, allows us to designate a conversion
ratio without limitations. 

Shares issuable upon the conversion of warrants
or preferred stock or the exercise of outstanding options may substantially increase the number of shares available for sale in the public
market and depress the price of our common stock. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had outstanding warrants
exercisable for an aggregate of 104,000 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of approximately 9.27 per share.
We also had units convertible into 46,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 11.25 per unit. In addition, as of March 31,
2023, options to purchase an aggregate of 565,000 shares of our common stock were outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of
 8.84 per share and a weighted average contractual term of 8.41 years. In addition, 982,000 shares of our common stock were available
on March 31, 2023 for future option grants under our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. To the extent any
of these warrants or options are exercised and any additional options are granted and exercised, there will be further dilution to stockholders
and investors. Until the options and warrants expire, these holders will have an opportunity to profit from any increase in the market
price of our common stock without assuming the risks of ownership. Holders of options and warrants may convert or exercise these securities
at a time when we could obtain additional capital on terms more favorable than those provided by the options or warrants. The exercise
of the options and warrants will dilute the voting interest of the owners of presently outstanding shares by adding a substantial number
of additional shares of our common stock. 

We have filed several registration statements
with the SEC, so that substantially all of the shares of our common stock which are issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants
and options may be sold in the public market. The sale of our common stock issued or issuable upon the exercise of the warrants and options
described above, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

34 

ITEM 2. Properties 

At March 31, 2023, we have a corporate office
in Boulder, Colorado and our manufacturing facility in Zapopan, Mexico. We currently lease the following material properties: 

Location 
 
 Rent per month 
 
 Purpose 
 
 5445 Conestoga Court, Unit 150, Boulder, CO 80301 
 
 USD 3,790 
 
 Principal executive office 
 
 Industria Vidriera 81, 87 Zapopan Industrial Norte, Zapopan, Jalisco, 45135, Mexico 
 
 MXN 173,063 
 
 Office, manufacturing 
 
 Industria Maderera 124, 106, 115 815 Zapopan Industrial Norte, Zapopan, Jalisco, 45135, Mexico 
 
 MXN 191,036 
 
 Warehouse 

We believe that our properties will be adequate
to meet our needs for at least the next 12 months. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 

We may be involved in legal matters arising in
the ordinary course of our business including matters involving proprietary technology. While management believes that such matters are
currently insignificant, matters arising in the ordinary course of business for which we are or could become involved in litigation may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of comprehensive (loss) income. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

35 

PART II 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol SNOA. Previously, it traded under the symbol OCLS until December 6, 2016. Our common
stock has been trading since our initial public offering on January 25, 2007. 

Holders 

As of June 12, 2023, we had approximately 301
holders of record of our common stock. Holders of record include nominees who may hold shares on behalf of multiple owners. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings for the operation of our business and we do not currently
intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The information required to be disclosed by Item
201(d) of Regulation S-K, Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans, is incorporated herein by
reference. Refer to Item 12 of Part III of this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We did not issue any unregistered securities during
the year ended March 31, 2023 and through June 12, 2023. 

ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations
and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item. 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of our consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to exercise
its judgment. We exercise considerable judgment with respect to establishing sound accounting policies and in making estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, our recognition of revenues and expenses, and disclosure of commitments
and contingencies at the date of the consolidated financial statements. 

36 

On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
and judgments. Areas in which we exercise significant judgment include, but are not necessarily limited to, our valuation of accounts
receivable, inventory, income taxes, equity transactions (compensatory and financing) and contingencies. 

We base our estimates and judgments on a variety
of factors including our historical experience, knowledge of our business and industry, current and expected economic conditions, the
attributes of our products, the regulatory environment, and in certain cases, the results of outside appraisals. We periodically re-evaluate
our estimates and assumptions with respect to these judgments and modify our approach when circumstances indicate that modifications are
necessary. 

While we believe that the factors we evaluate
provide us with a meaningful basis for establishing and applying sound accounting policies, we cannot guarantee that the results will
always be accurate. Since the determination of these estimates requires the exercise of judgment, actual results could differ from such
estimates. 

For a Summary of all Accounting Policies, please
refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3. 

Results of Continuing Operations 

Comparison of the Year Ended March 31, 2023
and 2022 

Revenue 

The following table shows our consolidated total
revenue and revenue by geographic region for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Years Ended March 31, 

(In thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 United States 
 3,428 
 3,807 
 (379 
 (10) 
 
 Europe 
 4,051 
 3,410 
 641 
 19 
 
 Asia 
 2,451 
 2,350 
 101 
 4 
 
 Latin America 
 2,383 
 2,095 
 288 
 14 
 
 Rest of the World 
 959 
 966 
 (7 
 (1) 
 
 Total 
 13,272 
 12,628 
 644 
 5 

The decrease in United States revenues for the
year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the prior year of 0.4 million is primarily the result of softening demand for our over-the-counter
animal health care products, partially offset by increases in our over-the-counter eye and dermatology products. Revenue for wound care
products increased 10 from the prior year. 

Our revenues in Europe increased 19 as a result
of bringing on new distributors and a increase in orders from existing distributors. 

Our revenues in Asia increased slightly due to
higher demand, and Rest of the World revenues were relatively flat. 

The increase in Latin America revenue was primarily
the result of service revenue from selling machinery to a customer for 750,000, which management expects to be a one-time event, partially
offset by a decline in manufacturing for one of our customers. 

37 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 

The cost of revenue and gross profit metrics are
as follows: 

Year ended March 31, 

(In thousands, except for percentages) 
 2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 8,795 
 8,635 
 160 
 2 
 
 Cost of Revenue as a of Revenue 
 66 
 68 
 (2) 

Gross Profit 
 4,477 
 3,993 
 484 
 12 
 
 Gross Profit as a of Revenue 
 34 
 32 
 2 

The gross margin increase of 2 for the year ended
March 31, 2023 compared to the year ended March 31, 2022 is related to greater factory efficiency resulting from higher volumes of product
sold and product mix. 

Research and Development Expense 

The research and development metrics are as follows: 

Year ended March 31, 

(In thousands, except for percentages) 
 2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Research and Development Expense 
 207 
 125 
 82 
 66 
 
 Research and Development Expense as a of Revenue 
 2 
 1 
 1 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, research and
development expenses increased due to higher clinical trial expense and seeking third party certification of our products. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

The selling, general and administrative expense
metrics are as follows: 

Year ended March 31, 

(In thousands, except for percentages) 
 2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 8,840 
 9,755 
 (915 
 (9) 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense as a of Revenue 
 67 
 77 

The decrease in Selling, General and Administrative
expense for the year ended March 31, 2023 was primarily the result tight control of expenses across all categories and consolidating our
U.S. operations into one office. 

Interest (Expense) Income, net 

Interest (expense) income, net was 16,000 and
 (10,000), respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 

38 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

On May 1,
2020, we received loan proceeds in the amount of 1,310,000 under the Paycheck Protection Program, from Coastal States Bank in Atlanta,
Georgia. We used the loan amount for eligible purposes, such as payroll expenses. For the year ended March 31, 2022, we received approval
for loan forgiveness in the amount of 723,000. The remainder was not forgiven as a result of a decline in headount. 

Other Expense, net 

Other expense, net for the year ended March 31,
2023 and 2022, was 631,000 and 394,000, respectively. The increase in other expense, net relates primarily to a increase in foreign
exchange losses. 

Gain on Sale of Assets 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, we sold equipment
for a gain of 1,000 compared to a gain of 150,000 in the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

Income tax benefit (expense) for the year ended
March 31, 2023 was 33,000 compared to 332,000 for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Net Loss 

The following table provides the net loss for
each period along with the computation of basic and diluted net income per share: 

For the Year Ended March 31, 
 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 2023 
 2022 

Net loss 
 (5,151 
 (5,086 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: basic and diluted 
 3,394 
 2,653 

Net loss per share: basic and diluted 
 (1.52 
 (1.92 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We reported a net loss of 5,151,000 and 5,086,000
for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At March 31, 2023 and 2022, our accumulated deficit amounted to 189,514,000
and 184,363,000, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 3,820,000 compared to 7,396,000 on March 31,
2022. Since our inception, substantially all of our operations have been financed through sales of equity securities. Other sources of
financing that we have used to date include our revenues, as well as various loans and the sale of certain assets to Invekra, Petagon
and MicroSafe. 

39 

Since April 1, 2022, substantially all of our
operations have been financed through cash on hand and the following transaction: 

Proceeds of 2,868,000 from the sale of common stock on our At-the-Market facility with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. 

The following table presents a summary of our
consolidated cash flows for operating, investing and financing activities for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 as well balances
of cash and cash equivalents and working capital: 

Year ended March 31, 
 
 (In thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (6,152 
 (4,248 
 
 Investing activities 
 (258 
 (99 
 
 Financing activities 
 2,489 
 7,396 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash 
 345 
 127 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (3,576 
 3,176 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period 
 7,396 
 4,220 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 
 3,820 
 7,396 
 
 Working capital (1) , end of period 
 10,081 
 10,611 

(1) 
 Defined as current assets minus current liabilities. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 3,820,000 compared to 7,396,000 as of March 31, 2022. 

Net cash used in operating activities during the
year ended March 31, 2023 was 6,152,000, primarily due to net loss of 5,151,000 and a decline in deferred revenue. 

Net cash used in operating activities during the
year ended March 31, 2022 was 4,248,000, primarily due to a net loss of 5,086,000 and partially offset by an increase from accounts
receivable net provision for write-offs and returns and an increase of 900,000 from deferred revenue. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended March 31, 2023 was 258,000, primarily related to the purchase of capital property and equipment. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended March 31, 2022 was 99,000, primarily related to the purchase of property and equipment. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended March 31, 2023 was 2,489,000 primarily related to related to proceeds of 2,868,000 from the sale of common stock on our
At-the-Market facility with Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. and proceeds of 515,000 from short-term notes, offset by payments on PPP
loan and short-term notes. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended March 31, 2022 was 7,396,000 primarily related to proceeds of 7,554,000 from the sale of common stock on our At-the-Market
facility with HC Wainwright and proceeds of 216,000 from the exercise of stock options and warrants, partially offset by the payments
on PPP loan and long term debt. 

40 

We expect revenues to fluctuate and may incur
losses in the foreseeable future and may need to raise additional capital to pursue our product development initiatives, to penetrate
markets for the sale of our products and continue as a going concern. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to raise additional
capital. 

Management believes that we have access to capital
resources through possible public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations or other means; however, we cannot
provide any assurance that new financing will be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If the economic climate in the
U.S. deteriorates, our ability to raise additional capital could be negatively impacted. If we are unable to secure additional capital,
we may be required to take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations
and meet our obligations. These measures could cause significant delays in our continued efforts to commercialize our products, which
is critical to the realization of our business plan and our future operations. These matters raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Capital Expenditures 

We currently forecast capital expenditures in
order to execute on our business plan and maintain growth; however, the actual amount and timing of such capital expenditures will ultimately
be determined by the volume of business. We currently do not anticipate that a material amount will be purchased for the year ended March
31, 2024. If we purchase capital equipment, we expect to pay cash for those expenditures or to finance them through equipment leases. 

Material Trends and Uncertainties 

We rely on certain key customers for a significant
portion of our revenues. In the future, a small number of customers may continue to represent a significant portion of our total revenues
in any given period. These customers may not consistently purchase our products at a particular rate over any subsequent period. 

We are exposed to risk from decline in foreign
currency for both the Euro and the Mexico Peso versus the US dollar. Most recently there has been a sharp decline in the Euro versus the
U.S. Dollar which has impacted our financial results. 

As we have previously
discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022, we face a substantial Mexico tax liability, intercompany
debt, unpaid technical assistance charges and accrued interest. These amounts are not due until 2027. At this time, management believes
there are sufficient assets on the balance sheet to more than cover any tax obligation without interrupting the Company s operations
or business. We have engaged tax professionals to review all options to limit our exposure to these amounts and to proceed in a manner
that is most advantageous to the Company. 

The effects of the recent
pandemic continue to impact economies worldwide, and we are closely watching inflation, increased volatility within financial markets,
shipping costs, supply chain issues and labor costs. Any impact to our business operations, customer demand and supply chain due to increased
shipping costs may ultimately impact sales. We continue to evaluate our end-to-end supply chain and assess opportunities to refine the
impact on sales. Currently, most of our customers pay for shipping expenses, including increased shipping costs, if any. We have not yet
faced labor shortages however it is possible we may have difficulties retaining and finding qualified employees in a tight labor market
in the future. Furthermore, overall inflation tendencies may put pressure on our product pricing and/or costs. 

We also closely monitor
overall economic conditions and consumer sentiment and the prospect of a recession in the United States which may impact our financial
results. 

41 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent liabilities at the dates of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from
these estimates. Significant estimates and assumptions include reserves and write-downs related to receivables and inventories, the recoverability
of long-lived assets, the valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets, valuation of equity and derivative instruments, debt
discounts, valuation of investments and the estimated amortization periods of upfront product licensing fees received from customers. 

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions 

We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore
are not required to provide the information requested by this Item. 

ITEM 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sonoma
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations
and cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Substantial Doubt About the Company's Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company has incurred significant losses and negative operating cash flows and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations
and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

F- 1 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

/s/ 

June 21, 2023 

F- 2 

SONOMA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current portion of deferred consideration, net of discount 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease, right of use assets 

Deferred tax asset 

Deferred consideration, net of discount, less current portion 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred revenue Invekra 

Current portion of debt-PPP 

Short-term debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue Invekra, net of current portion 

Withholding tax payable 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) 

Stockholders Equity 

Convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively (Note 12) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SONOMA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income (expense), net 

Forgiveness of PPP Loan 

Other expense, net 

Gain on sale of assets 

Loss from operations before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net loss 

Net loss per share: basic and diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: basic and diluted 

Other comprehensive loss 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive loss 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SONOMA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

 For the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

Series C Preferred Stock 0.0001 par Value) 
 Common Stock 0.0001 par Value) 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balance March 31, 2022 

Shares issued in connection with ATM, net of transaction costs 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Stock based compensation related to issuance of common stock restricted stock grants 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Series C Preferred Stock 0.0001 par Value) 
 Common Stock 0.0001 par Value) 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balance March 31, 2021 

Shares issued in connection with ATM, net of transaction costs 

Shares issued in connection with exercise of stock options 

Shares issued in connection with exercise of common stock warrants 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Stock based compensation related to issuance of common stock restricted stock grants 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SONOMA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Recovery of doubtful accounts 

Recovery of discounts, rebates, distributor fees and returns 

Stock-based compensation 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Deferred income tax expense 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Gain on sale of assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deferred consideration, net of discount 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Withholding tax payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Deposits 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Payments on PPP Loan 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options and purchase warrants 

Principal payments on short-term debt 

Proceeds on short-term debt 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Non-cash operating and financing activities: 

Insurance premiums financed 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SONOMA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s accumulated
deficit amounted to and , respectively. The Company had working capital of and as of March
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, net cash used in operating activities amounted to 
 and , respectively 

Management believes that the Company has access
to additional capital resources through possible public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations or other
means; however, the Company cannot provide any assurance that other new financings will be available on commercially acceptable terms,
if needed. If the economic climate in the U.S. deteriorates, the Company s ability to raise additional capital could be negatively
impacted. If the Company is unable to secure additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to reduce costs in order
to conserve its cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet its obligations. These measures could cause significant delays
in the Company s continued efforts to commercialize its products, which is critical to the realization of its business plan and
the future operations of the Company. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

COVID 19 Pandemic Update 

The impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, including
recent COVID-19 variants, and the related disruptions had a significant adverse impact on the Company s results of operations in
the years ended March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. The full extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak will impact the Company s business,
results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be
accurately predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the actions to contain it or treat its impact
and the economic impact on local, regional, national, and international markets. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, the Company s
results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows may continue to be materially adversely affected, particularly if the pandemic
continues to persist for a significant amount of time. 

The Company considers customer purchase orders,
which in some cases are governed by master sales agreements, to be the contracts with a customer. For each contract, the Company considers
the promise to transfer products, each of which are distinct, to be the identified performance obligations. In determining the transaction
price the Company evaluates whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the net consideration to which it expects
to be entitled. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, for all
of its sales to non-consignment distribution channels, revenue is recognized when control of the product is transferred to the customer
(i.e. when its performance obligation is satisfied), which typically occurs when title passes to the customer upon shipment but could
occur when the customer receives the product based on the terms of the agreement with the customer. For product sales to its value-added
resellers, non-stocking distributors and end-user customers, the Company grants return privileges to its customers, and because the Company
has a long history with its customers, the Company is able to estimate the amount of product that will be returned. Sales incentives
and other programs that the Company may make available to these customers are considered to be a form of variable consideration, and the
Company maintains estimated accruals and allowances using the expected value method. With the movement of these sales to a full distributor
model in the year ended March 31, 2023 there were none of these arrangements anymore although we were still having returns from the period
prior to the year ended March 31, 2023. 

The Company has entered into consignment arrangements,
in which goods are left in the possession of another party to sell. As products are sold from the customer to third parties, the Company
recognizes revenue based on a variable percentage of a fixed price. Revenue recognized varies depending on whether a patient is
covered by insurance or is not covered by insurance. In addition, the Company may incur a revenue deduction related to the use of the
Company s rebate program. 

Sales to stocking distributors are made under
terms with fixed pricing and limited rights of return (known as stock rotation of the Company s products held in
their inventory. Revenue from sales to distributors is recognized upon the transfer of control to the distributor. 

The Company assessed the promised goods and services
in the technical support to Invekra for a ten-year period as being a distinct service that Invekra can benefit from on its own and is
separately identifiable from any other promises within the contract. Given that the distinct service is not substantially the same as
other goods and services within the Invekra contract, the Company accounted for the distinct service as a performance obligation. 

Service revenue from testing contracts is recognized
as tests are completed and a final report is sent to the customer. 

of our net accounts receivable balance
and customer D represented of our net accounts receivable balance. At March 31, 2022, customer B represented of our net accounts
receivable balance, customer D represented of our net accounts receivable balance, and customer E represented of our net accounts
receivable balance. For the year ended March 31, 2023, customer A represented , customer B represented and customer C represented
 of net revenues. For the year ended March 31, 2022, customer C represented , customer B represented , and customer A represented
 of net revenues. 

and , respectively. Additionally, at March 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company has allowances of and , respectively, related to potential discounts, returns, distributor fees and rebates.
The allowances are included in Accounts Receivable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

and at March 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively, which is included in cost of revenues on the Company s accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive
loss. 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there were transfers
in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy. 

Manufacturing, lab and other equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related
accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. 

and , respectively. 

and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Advertising costs
are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. 

and , respectively. These amounts are included in product revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss. 

and for the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These amounts were recorded in other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) relate
primarily to trade payables and receivables and intercompany transactions between subsidiaries OTM and SP Europe. These transactions are
expected to be settled in the foreseeable future. The Company recorded foreign currency transaction losses of for the year ended
March 31, 2023, and foreign currency transaction losses of , for the year ended March 31, 2022. The related amounts were recorded
in other expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. 

and , respectively. 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: basic and diluted 

Net loss per share: basic and diluted 

The computation of basic loss per share for the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 excludes the potentially dilutive securities summarized in the table below because their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive. 

Common stock to be issued upon exercise of options 

Common stock to be issued upon exercise of warrants 

Common stock to be issued upon exercise of common stock units (1) 

(1) 

Bonus Grants 

Effective June 16, 2023, the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors approved annual bonus awards of 162,500 for Ms. Trombly and 150,000 for Mr. Thornton. 

Equity Awards 

On June 16, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
approved an equity award of 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock to each of Ms. Trombly and Mr. Thornton, to be issued to
on June 30, 2023, at a valuation based on the five day weighted trailing average of the Company s stock price on the day of grant.
In addition, the Compensation Committee also approved a one-time cash payment by the Company as reimbursement for estimated taxes payable
with respect to such equity awards. 

Less: discounts, rebates, distributor fees and returns 

Total accounts receivable, net 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

Tax prepaid to Mexican tax authorities 

Other prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total
property and equipment, net and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense amounted
to and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

with an interest rate of per annum with final payment on January 1, 2023. This instrument was issued
in connection with financing insurance premiums. The note is payable in ten monthly installment payments of principal and interest of
 , with the first installment beginning March 1, 2022, and was fully paid as of March 31, 2023. 

On February 1, 2023, the Company entered into
a note agreement for with an interest rate of per annum with final payment on January 1, 2024. This instrument was issued
in connection with financing insurance premiums. The note is payable in eleven monthly installment payments of principal and interest
of , with the first installment beginning March 1, 2023. 

Paycheck Protection Program Loan 

On May 1, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds
in the amount of under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), from Coastal States Bank in Atlanta, Georgia. The
PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, CARES Act ), provided for loans to qualifying
businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loans and accrued interest
were forgivable after eight or 24 weeks as long as the Company used the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits,
rent and utilities, and maintains payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness was reduced if the Company terminated employees or reduced
salaries during the applicable period. 

The unsecured loan, which was in the form of a
note dated April 29, 2020, matured on and bore interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly commencing on May 1,
2021. The note allowed for prepayment at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The Company used the loan amount for
eligible purposes, such as payroll expenses. The Company met the conditions for in forgiveness of the loan. At March 31, 2023
and 2022 the loan balance amounted to and , respectively. 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Other information related to leases is presented below: 

Year ended March 31, 2023 
 Year ended March 31, 2022 
 
 Lease cost 

Operating lease cost 

As of March 31, 2023 

Other information: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases (in months) 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

As of March 31, 2023, the annual future minimum lease payments of
the Company s operating lease liabilities were as follows: 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments, undiscounted 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

and
potential severance payments to these key executives would be if
triggered. On June 16, 2023, the Company entered into new employment agreements with its two key executives, which increased
potential severance payments to 1.3 million if triggered. 

Related Party Transactions 

Ms. Trombly is the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company. Ms. Trombly is the owner of Trombly Business Law, PC, which has been retained by the Company to advise on certain corporate
and securities law matters. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred and , respectively, in
legal services from Trombly Business Law, PC. 

par value per share, authorized for issuance from
12,000,000 to a total of . Additionally, the Company is authorized to issue shares of convertible preferred stock with
a par value of per share. 

Description of Common Stock 

Each share of common stock has the right to one
vote. The holders of common stock are entitled to dividends when funds are legally available and when declared by the board of directors. 

Description of Series B Preferred Stock 

On October 18, 2016, the Company s board
of directors approved, and the Company entered into, a Section 382 rights agreement, or the Rights Agreement, with Computershare Inc.,
or the Rights Agent. The Rights Agreement provides for a dividend of one preferred stock purchase right, or a Right, for each share of
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company outstanding on November 1, 2016, or the Record Date. Each Right entitles the
holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, or the Preferred
Stock, for a purchase price of 10.00, subject to adjustment as provided in the Rights Agreement. The description and terms of the rights
are set forth in the Rights Agreement. 

In connection with the adoption of the Rights
Agreement, the Company s board of directors adopted a Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock. The Certificate of
Designation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and became effective on October 18, 2016. 

The Company s board of directors adopted
the Rights Agreement to protect shareholder value by guarding against a potential limitation on the Company s ability to use its
net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, and other tax benefits, which may be used to reduce potential future income tax obligations.
The Company has experienced and continue to experience substantial operating losses, and under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and rules promulgated thereunder, the Company may carry forward these NOLs and other tax benefits in certain circumstances
to offset any current and future earnings and thus reduce our income tax liability, subject to certain requirements and restrictions.
To the extent that the NOLs and other tax benefits do not otherwise become limited, the Company believes that it will be able to carry
forward a significant amount of NOLs and other tax benefits, and therefore these NOLs and other tax benefits could be a substantial asset
to the Company. However, if the Company experiences an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Code, its ability
to use its NOLs and other tax benefits will be substantially limited. Generally, an ownership change would occur if our shareholders who
own, or are deemed to own, 5 or more of the Company s common stock increase their collective ownership in the Company by more than
50 over a rolling three-year period. 

The 2006 Plan provided for the granting of incentive
stock options to employees and the granting of non-statutory stock options to employees, non-employee directors, advisors and consultants.
The 2006 Plan also provided for grants of restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and stock unit awards to employees, non-employee
directors, advisors and consultants. 

In accordance with the 2006 Plan the stated exercise
price may not be less than 100 and 85 of the estimated fair market value of common stock on the date of grant for ISOs and NSOs, respectively,
as determined by the board of directors at the date of grant. With respect to any 10 stockholder, the exercise price of an ISO or NSO
shall not be less than 110 of the estimated fair market value per share on the date of grant. 

Options issued under the 2006 Plan generally have
a ten-year term. 

The plan expired in 2016 in accordance with its
term. 

At March 31, 2021, there were shares available
for future issuance. 

2011 Stock Plan 

On September 12, 2011, upon recommendation of
the board, the stockholders approved the Company s 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan ). The 2011 Plan is effective
as of June 21, 2012. 

The 2011 Plan provides for the grant of incentive
stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code to employees, and the grant of non-statutory stock options and stock
purchase rights to employees, non-employee directors, advisors and consultants. The 2011 Plan also permits the grant of stock appreciation
rights, stock units and restricted stock. 

The board has initially authorized of the
Company s common stock for issuance under the 2011 Plan, in addition to automatic increases provided for in the 2011 Plan through
April 1, 2021. The number of shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance under the 2011 Plan will automatically increase,
with no further action by the stockholders, at the beginning of each fiscal year by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 15 of the outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding year, or (ii) an amount approved by the Company s
board of directors. 

Options issued under the 2011 Plan will generally
have a ten-year term. 

In accordance with the 2011 Plan, the stated exercise
price of an employee incentive stock option shall not be less than 100 of the estimated fair market value of a share of common stock
on the date of grant, and the stated exercise price of an non-statutory option shall not be less 85 of the estimated fair market value
of a share of common stock on the date of grant, as determined by the board of directors. An employee who owns more than 10 of the total
combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company shall not be eligible for the grant of an employee incentive
stock option unless such grant satisfies the requirements of Section 422(c)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Shares subject to awards that expire unexercised
or are forfeited or terminated for any other reason will again become available for issuance under the 2011 Plan. No participant in the
2011 Plan can receive option grants, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, or stock units for more than 2,381 shares in the aggregate
in any calendar year. As provided under the 2011 Plan, the aggregate number of shares authorized for issuance as awards under the 2011
Plan automatically increases on April 1 of each year by in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 15 of the outstanding shares on the last
day of the immediately preceding year, or (ii) an amount determined by the board. During the year ended March 31, 2019, the board of directors
approved an increase of shares authorized for issuance. During the year ended March 31, 2020, the board of directors approved
an increase of shares authorized for issuance. 

The plan expired on September 12, 2021 in accordance
with its term. 

At March 31, 2022, there were shares available
for future issuance. 

2016 Stock Plan 

On September 2, 2016, upon recommendation of the
board, the stockholders approved the Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ). The 2016 Plan is effective
as of September 2, 2016 and has a ten year term. 

The 2016 Plan provides for the grant of options,
including incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code to employees, stock appreciation rights, restricted
awards, performance share awards and performance compensation awards to employees, non-employee directors, advisors and consultants. 

Options issued under the 2016 Plan will generally
have a ten-year term. 

In accordance with the 2016 Plan, the stated exercise
price of an employee incentive stock option or a non-statutory stock option shall not be less than 100 of the estimated fair market value
of a share of common stock on the date of grant. An employee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes
of outstanding stock of the Company shall not be eligible for the grant of an employee incentive stock option unless such grant satisfies
the requirements of Section 422(c)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Shares subject to awards that expire unexercised
or are forfeited or terminated for any other reason will again become available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. No participant in the
2016 Plan can receive more than 11,112 option grants, or other awards with respect to more than 13,334 shares in the aggregate in any
calendar year. 

The board has authorized of the Company s
common stock for issuance under the 2016 Plan, in addition to automatic increases provided for in the 2016 Plan through April 1, 2026.
The number of shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan will automatically increase, with no
further action by the stockholders, at the beginning of each fiscal year by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 8 of the outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding year, or (ii) an amount determined by the Company s
board of directors. During the year ended March 31, 2019, the board of directors approved an increase of shares authorized for issuance.
During the year ended March 31, 2020, the board of directors approved an increase of shares authorized for issuance. During the
year ended March 31, 2022, the board of directors approved an increase of shares authorized for issuance. 

At March 31, 2023 there were shares available
for future issuance. 

2021 Stock Plan 

On September 21, 2021, upon recommendation of
the board, the stockholders approved the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan is effective
as of September 21, 2021 and has a five year term. 

The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of options,
including incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code to employees, stock appreciation rights, restricted
awards, performance share awards and performance compensation awards to employees, non-employee directors, advisors and consultants. 

Options issued under the 2021 Plan will generally
have a ten-year term. 

In accordance with the 2021 Plan, the stated exercise
price of an employee incentive stock option or a non-statutory stock option shall not be less than 100 of the estimated fair market value
of a share of common stock on the date of grant. An employee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes
of outstanding stock of the Company shall not be eligible for the grant of an employee incentive stock option unless such grant satisfies
the requirements of Section 422(c)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Shares subject to awards that expire unexercised
or are forfeited or terminated for any other reason will again become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

The board has authorized shares of the
Company s common stock for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

At March 31, 2023, there were shares available
for future issuance. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company issues service, performance and market-based
stock options to employees and non-employees. The Company estimates the fair value of service and performance stock option awards using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company estimates the fair value of market-based stock option awards using a Monte-Carlo simulation.
Compensation expense for stock option awards is amortized on a straight-line basis over the awards vesting period. Compensation
expense includes the impact of forfeitures as they are incurred. 

The expected term of the stock options represents
the average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is based on the expected term calculated using the approach
prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission's Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 for plain vanilla 
options. The expected stock price volatility for the Company s stock options was determined by using an average of the historical
volatilities of the Company. The Company will continue to analyze the stock price volatility and expected term assumptions as more data
for the Company s common stock and exercise patterns become available. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S.
Treasury instruments whose term was consistent with the expected term of the Company s stock options. The expected dividend assumption
is based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts. 

The Company estimated the fair value of employee
and non-employee stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of employee stock options is being amortized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the respective awards. The fair value of employee stock options was estimated
using the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected term 
 yrs 
 yrs 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 

Fair value of options granted 

Share-based awards compensation expense is as follows: 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation 

At March 31, 2023, there were unrecognized compensation
costs of related to stock options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average amortization period of years. 

A tax benefit of has been recognized relating
to stock-based compensation as a result of non-qualified stock options and restricted stock exercised during the year ending March 31,
2023. In addition, the stock-based compensation deferred tax asset has been increased by primarily related to the expiration
of stock compensation grants. 

Stock-Based Award Activity 

Stock-based awards outstanding at March 31, 2023
under the various plans are as follows: 

2011 Plan 

2016 Plan 

2021 Plan 

Stock-based awards available for grant as of March 31, 2023 

Stock options award activity is as follows: 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited 

Options expired 

Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Exercisable at March 31, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options
is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the fair value of the Company s common
stock, or and per share at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Restricted stock award activity is as follows: 

Restricted stock awards granted 

Restricted stock awards vested 

Unvested restricted stock awards outstanding at March 31, 2023 

The Company did not capitalize any cost associated with stock-based
compensation. 

The Company issues new shares of common stock
upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards. 

Foreign 

The federal, state and foreign income tax provisions
for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are summarized as follows: 

Foreign 

Current Income Tax Expense 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred income tax 

A reconciliation of the statutory federal income
tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate for continuing operations is as follows: 

State income taxes 

Foreign earnings taxed at different rates 

Foreign tax true-up 

Effect of permanent differences 

Effect of intercompany interest permanent differences 

True-up of state deferred assets 

Total effective rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Totals 

The tax effects of temporary differences that
give rise to significant components of our deferred tax assets consist of:: 

Research and development tax credit carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation 

Reserves and accruals 

Other deferred tax assets 

Lease liability 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Right of Use asset 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

As of March 31, 2022, the Company had net operating
loss carryforwards for Federal, State and Foreign income tax purposes of approximately million, million and million,
respectively. Due to the Tax Cuts and Job Act, Federal NOLs generated after March 31, 2018 have an indefinite life. Federal NOL generated
on and before March 31, 2017 will begin to expire 2024, if not utilized. State NOLs will begin to expire in the year 2026 if not utilized.
Foreign NOLs will carry over for 10 years. 

As of March 31, 2022, the Company had Federal
and California research credit carryforwards of approximately million and 790,000, respectively. The Federal research credits will
begin to expire in 2024 while the California research credits have no expiration date. 

Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code limits
the use of the Federal net operating losses in certain situations where changes occur in stock ownership of a company. If the Company
should have an ownership change of more than 50 of the value of the Company's capital stock, utilization of the carryforwards could be
restricted. The Company is not aware of any changes in ownership that would result in a change in control under Internal Revenue Code
section 382. 

The Company, after considering all available evidence,
fully reserved against all deferred tax assets in the U.S. since it is more likely than not such benefits will not be realized in future
periods. The Company will continue to evaluate its deferred tax assets to determine whether any changes in circumstances could affect
the realization of their future benefit. 

The Company has filed tax returns for federal,
state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s evaluation of uncertain tax matters was performed for tax years ended through March
31, 2023. Generally, the Company is subject to audit for the years ended March 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company has elected to retain
its existing accounting policy with respect to the treatment of interest and penalties attributable to income taxes, and continues to
reflect interest and penalties attributable to income taxes, to the extent they arise, as a component of its income tax provision or benefit
as well as its outstanding income tax assets and liabilities. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would
be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments result in a material change to its financial position. 

and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

Animal Care 

Total Product Revenue 

Service/Royalty 

Total 

The following table shows the Company s
revenues by geographic region: 

Europe 

Asia 

Latin America 

Rest of the World 

Total 

The Company s service revenues in Latin
America amounted to and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 27 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) as of the end of our most recent fiscal year. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2023. 

Notwithstanding the material weaknesses, management
believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the
Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the
 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31,
2023. We concluded this because of the errors we found in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 that were restated in our
Form 10-Q/A filed on November 17, 2020. We have determined that there were inadequate spreadsheet controls, a lack of separation of duties
with preparation and review of the reported numbers, and inadequate analysis of revenue reporting among other things. We also determined
during the quarter ended March 31, 2021 that there were errors related to income tax withholding accruals that required a revision in
these financial statements. We believe we have taken steps to correct this, but the controls have not been tested and have not been working
for a sufficient period of time to remove this weakness. 

Management s Remediation Measures 

Management, with oversight
from the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, is actively engaged in remediation efforts to address the material weaknesses identified in
the management s evaluation of internal controls and procedures. Management has taken a number of actions to remediate the material
weaknesses described above, including the following: 

Improved monitoring and risk assessment activities to address these control deficiencies. 

Separated the preparation of the financial reports from review of the financial reports. 

Implemented additional process-level controls over revenue recognition of new contracts. 

Developed and delivered further internal controls training to individuals associated with these control deficiencies and enhanced training provided to all personnel who have financial reporting or internal control responsibilities in these areas. The training includes a review of individual roles and responsibilities related to internal controls and of proper oversight and reemphasizes the importance of completing the control procedures. 

Did a detailed review of income taxes and our intercompany agreements which uncovered the fact that we should be accruing withholding taxes that will be paid to Mexico when intercompany interest and Technical Assistance payments are made to Mexico from the United States, and that we will not be eligible for a tax credit in the United States because of our Net Operating Loss positions. 

43 

These improvements are targeted at strengthening
our internal control over financial reporting and remediating the material weaknesses. We remain committed to an effective internal control
environment, and management believes that these actions and the improvements management expects to achieve as a result will effectively
remediate the material weaknesses. However, the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be considered
remediated until the controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded through testing that these controls
operate effectively. As of the date of filing this Form 10-K, management is in the process of testing and evaluating these additional
controls to determine whether they are operating effectively. As announced in July 2022, we have closed our Woodstock, Georgia office
and consolidated operations in Boulder, Colorado. Our Chief Financial Officer resigned in connection with the consolidation but assisted
with this transition through November 18, 2022 and currently serves as our Interim Chief Financial Officer. We have hired appropriate
accounting staff in Colorado to establish effective internal controls and processes. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the year ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. We have not finished our testing our remediated controls and sufficient time has not elapsed
to make the determination these controls are operating effectively. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 

Employment Agreements with our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Operating Officer 

Effective June 16, 2023, we entered into an amended and restated employment
agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Amy Trombly. The amended and restated agreement provides that, in the event of termination
upon change of control either without cause or for good reason, Ms. Trombly is entitled to receive, in addition to the other benefits
described therein, a lump sum severance equal to one and a half times her base salary and one and a half times her target annual bonus.
All other material terms of the amended and restated agreement remain unchanged from her prior employment agreement. 

Also effective June 16, 2023, we amended and restated our employment
agreement with Bruce Thornton, our Chief Operating Officer. Under the amended and restated agreement, Mr. Thornton will serve as Executive
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Mr. Thornton will no longer receive a monthly car allowance; however, his base
salary is adjusted to include such amount. The amended and restated agreement also provides that, in the event of termination upon change
of control either without cause or for good reason, Mr. Thornton is entitled to receive, in addition to the other benefits described therein,
to a lump sum severance equal to one and a half times his base salary and one and a half times his target annual bonus. The agreement
further provides that upon termination for any reason, Mr. Thornton s outstanding and vested equity awards shall remain exercisable
for 18 months following termination. Either party may terminate the employment agreement for any reason upon at least 60 days prior written
notice. All other material terms of his amended and restated agreement remain unchanged from his prior employment agreement. 

The foregoing descriptions of the employment agreements are not complete
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the employment agreements, copies of which are filed herewith as
Exhibits 10.38 and 10.39 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Bonus Grants 

Effective June 16, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors approved annual bonus awards of 162,500 for Ms. Trombly and 150,000 for Mr. Thornton. 

Equity Awards 

On June 16, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
approved an equity award of 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock to each of Ms. Trombly and Mr. Thornton, to be issued to
on June 30, 2023, at a valuation based on the five day weighted trailing average of the Company s stock price on the day of grant.
In addition, the Compensation Committee also approved a one-time cash payment by the Company as reimbursement for estimated taxes payable
with respect to such equity awards. 

44 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

Item 405 of Regulation S-K requires
the disclosure of, based upon our review of the forms submitted to us during and with respect to our most recent fiscal year, any known
failure by any director, officer, or beneficial owner of more than ten percent of any class of our securities, or any other person subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act reporting person to file timely a report required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.
This disclosure is contained in the section entitled Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the
2023 Proxy Statement. 

Code of Business Conduct 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct that
applies to all of our officers, directors, and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and other employees
who perform financial or accounting functions. The Code of Business Conduct sets forth the basic principles that guide the business conduct
of our employees. On January 17, 2017, our board of directors adopted changes to our Code of Business Conduct. The changes to the Code
of Business Conduct were made to update the code to current best practices. In addition to some clerical changes, the Code of Business
Conduct now explicitly requires employees, directors and officers to act honestly and ethically in dealing with customers, business partners
and others. Furthermore, the Code of Business Conduct now explicitly extends the confidentiality and conflicts of interest requirements
to directors and prohibits company loans. The Code of Business Conduct also updated the disclosure, reporting and enforcement provisions.
We filed our Code of Business Conduct with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibit 14.1 to the current report on Form 8-K on
January 23, 2017, and it is also available on our website at http://www.ir.sonomapharma.com/governance-documents. We will provide any
person, without charge, copies of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics upon request. Such requests should be in writing and addressed
to: Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Attention: Chief Financial Officer, 5445 Conestoga Court, Suite 150, Boulder, Colorado, 80301. 

To date, there have been no waivers under our
Code of Business Conduct. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our Code of Business Conduct or any waivers,
if and when granted, of our Code of Business Conduct on our website at http://www.sonomapharma.com within four business days following
the date of such amendment or waiver. 

Procedures for Nominating Directors 

There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors will consider candidates for director
positions that are recommended by any of our stockholders. Any such recommendation for a director nomination should be provided to our
Secretary. The recommended candidate should be submitted to us in writing and addressed to Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Attention: Secretary,
5445 Conestoga Court, Suite 150, Boulder, Colorado, 80301. The recommendation should include the following information: name of candidate;
address, phone and fax number of candidate; a statement signed by the candidate certifying that the candidate wishes to be considered
for nomination to our Board of Directors and stating why the candidate believes that he or she would be a valuable addition to our Board
of Directors; a summary of the candidate s work experience for the prior five years and the number of shares of our stock beneficially
owned by the candidate. The Board will evaluate the recommended candidate and shall determine whether or not to proceed with
the candidate in accordance with our procedures. We reserve the right to change our procedures at any time to comply with the requirements
of applicable laws. 

45 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

The information required to be disclosed by Item
201(d) of Regulation S-K, Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans, appears under the caption
 Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2023 Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated by reference into
this report. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions,
and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

46 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report 

(1) Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements of Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under Item 8 of Part II hereof. 

(2) Financial Statement
Schedules 

Financial statement schedules have been omitted that are not applicable
or not required or because the information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 

3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc., effective January 30, 2006 (included as exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed June 20, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc., effective October 22, 2008 (included as exhibit A in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed July 21, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc., as amended, effective March 29, 2013 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 22, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc., as amended, effective December 4, 2014 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc., as amended, effective October 22, 2015 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 27, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc., as amended, effective June 24, 2016 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 28, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as amended, effective December 6, 2016 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.9 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, of Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., effective December 6, 2016 (included as exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.10 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A 0 Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on April 24, 2012 (included as exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 25, 2012, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.11 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, effective October 18, 2016 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 21, 2016, and incorporated herein by references). 

47 

3.12 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as amended, effective June 19, 2019 (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 19, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (included as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed June 28, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.2 
 Section 382 Rights Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2016, between Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. and Computershare Inc., which includes the Form of Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock as Exhibit A, the Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Stock as Exhibit C (included as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 21, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.3 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant granted to Dawson James Securities, Inc. and The Benchmark Company, LLC in connection with the March 2, 2018 public offering, dated March 6, 2018 (included as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.4 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant granted to Dawson James Securities, Inc. in connection with the November 2019 public offering (included as exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. and its officers and directors (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-135584), as amended, declared effective on January 24, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.2 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated May 18, 2006, between Oculus Technologies of Mexico, S.A. de C.V. and Antonio Sergio Arturo Fernandez Valenzuela (translated from Spanish (included as exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-135584), as amended, declared effective on January 24, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.3 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated July 2003, between Oculus Innovative Sciences, B.V. and Artikona Holding B.V. (translated from Dutch) (included as exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-135584), as amended, declared effective on January 24, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.4 
 Form of Director Agreement (included as exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-135584), as amended, declared effective on January 24, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan and related form stock option plan agreements (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 2, 2007, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.6 
 Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, effective February 15, 2008, by and between Oculus Innovative Sciences Netherlands B.V. and Artikona Holding B.V. (translated from Dutch) (included as exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed June 13, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.7 
 Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (included as exhibit A in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed July 29, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.8 
 Exclusive Sales and Distribution Agreement, dated November 6, 2015, by and between Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. and Manna Pro Products, LLC (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s 8-K filed March 23, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.9 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 27, 2016, between Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc. and Invekra, S.A.P.I de C.V. (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.10 
 Amendment Agreement to Acquisition Option dated October 27, 2016, by and between More Pharma Corporation S. de R.L. de C.V. and Oculus Technologies of Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.11 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (included as exhibit A in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed July 29, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.12 
 Securities Purchase Agreement entered into by and between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Montreux Equity Partners V, L.P., dated March 1, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.13 
 Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement entered into by and between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and EMS.S.A., dated June 4, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 

48 

10.14 
 Warrant Agency Agreement entered into by and among Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Computershare, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., dated November 21, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.15 + 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 14, 2019, between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Petagon, Ltd. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.16 + 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated February 21, 2020, between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and MicroSafe Group, DMCC (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 10.17 + 
 License, Distribution and Supply Agreement by and between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Brill International, S.L. dated May 19, 2020 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 10.18 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Dr. Robert Northey, dated May 30, 2020. (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 10.19 + 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between the Company and Infinity Labs SD, Inc., dated June 24, 2020 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference.) 
 
 10.20+ 
 Woodstock Lease Agreement between the Company and Fowler Crossing Partners, LP, dated October 1, 2018. 
 
 10.21 
 Licensing Agreement between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and MicroSafe Group, effective July 27, 2020 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.22 
 Licensing and Distribution Agreement between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Gabriel Science, LLC, effective December 14, 2020 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.23 
 Exclusive Supply and Distribution Agreement between the Company and EMC Pharma, LLC, dated March 26, 2021 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.24 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Amy Trombly, dated July 22, 2022 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.25 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Jerry Dvonch, dated July 1, 2021 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.26 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Bruce Thornton, dated July 22, 2022 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.27 
 Offer letter to Chad White dated September 8, 2022 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.28 
 At-The-Market
 Offering Agreement, by and between the Company and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, dated July 30, 2021 (included as exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.29 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (included as appendix on the Company s proxy statement filed on July 29, 2021 and incorporated herein
 by reference). 

10.30+ 
 
 Exclusive
 License and Distribution Agreement between the Company and Dyamed Biotech Pte Ltd., dated November 4, 2021 (included as exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.31+ 
 
 Non-Exclusive
 Distribution and Supply Agreement between the Company and Salus Medical, LLC dated January 19, 2022 (included as exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.32+ 
 
 Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Anlicare International dated January 18, 2022 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

49 

10.33 
 At-The-Market Offering Agreement, by and between the Company and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., dated December 23, 2022 (included as exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.34 
 Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program and Stock Ownership Guidelines, revised by the Board of Directors on December 29, 2022 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.35+ 
 Exclusive Distribution and Supply Agreement, dated January 26, 2023, by and between Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Daewoong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.36 
 Amendment to At-The-Market Offering Agreement, by and between the Company and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., dated February 24, 2023 (included as exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.37 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between the Company and Jerome Dvonch, dated April 7, 2023 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.38 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Amy Trombly, dated June 16, 2023 . 
 
 10.39 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Bruce Thornton, dated June 16, 2023 . 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Business Conduct (included as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (included as Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K on June 28, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this agreement. 

Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted to preserve the confidentiality of such information. The Company will furnish copies of any such information to the SEC upon request. 
 
 + 
 The schedules to the exhibit have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish copies of any such schedules to the SEC upon request. 

Copies of above exhibits not contained herein
are available to any stockholder, upon payment of a reasonable per page fee, upon written request to: Chief Financial Officer, Sonoma
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 5445 Conestoga Court, Suite 150, Boulder, Colorado 80301. 

(c) Financial Statements and Schedules 

Reference is made to Item 15(a)(2) above. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

SONOMA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Amy Trombly 

Amy Trombly 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jerome Dvonch 

Jerome Dvonch 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Amy Trombly 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Amy Trombly 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jerome Dvonch 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Jerome Dvonch 
 
 (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jay Edward Birnbaum 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Jay Edward Birnbaum 

/s/ Philippe Weigerstorfer 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Philippe Weigerstorfer 

/s/ Jerry McLaughlin 
 
 Director 
 
 June 21, 2023 
 
 Jerry McLaughlin 

51 

<EX-10.38>
 2
 sonoma_ex1038.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND AMY TROMBLY, DATED JUNE 16, 2023

Exhibit 10.38 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into by and between Amy Trombly (the Executive ), and Sonoma
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), as of June 16, 2023 (the Effective Date ).
This Agreement replaces that certain employment agreement dated as of July 22, 2022, and entered into by and between the Executive and
the Corporation. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , the Corporation
desires that the Executive continue to be employed by the Corporation as its Chief Executive Officer and to serve as a member of the
Board of Directors of the Corporation, and to carry out the duties and responsibilities described below, all on the terms and conditions
set forth herein; 

WHEREAS , the Executive
is willing to accept and continue such employment on such terms and conditions. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and promises of the parties herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged by each of the parties, the Corporation and the Executive hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment and Duties . 

1.1 Position . On the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Corporation agrees to employ Executive as its Chief Executive Officer until such time
as the employment relationship ends or is terminated by either Party pursuant to Section 2 . Executive does hereby accept and agree
to such employment, on the terms and conditions expressly set forth in this Agreement. Executive shall also serve as a member of the Board
of Directors of the Corporation (the Board and may be required to serve as an officer or director of any affiliate
of the Corporation for no additional compensation. 

1.2 Duties . During the
Term of Employment (as defined in Section 2 ), Executive shall serve the Corporation as its Chief Executive Officer and as a member
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. Executive and shall, without limitation and without limiting Executive s other duties
to the Corporation, and without limiting the authority of the Corporation s Board of Directors, be responsible for the general supervision,
direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and have such other duties and responsibilities as the Board shall
designate that are consistent with Executive s position as Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. Executive shall perform all
of such duties and responsibilities in accordance with the legal directives of the Board and in accordance with the practices and policies
of the Corporation as in effect from time to time throughout the Term of Employment (including, without limitation, the Corporation s
insider trading and ethics policies, as they may change from time to time). While employed as Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation,
Executive shall report exclusively to the Board. Throughout the Term of Employment, Executive shall not serve on the boards of directors
or advisory boards of any other entity, except for any wholly or majority owned subsidiaries of the Corporation, unless such service is
expressly approved by the Board. 

1.3 No Other Employment; Minimum
Time Commitment . Throughout the Term of Employment, the Executive shall both (i) devote substantially all of the Executive s
business time, energy and skill to the performance of the Executive s duties for the Corporation, and (ii) hold no other job. The
Executive agrees that any investment or direct involvement in, or any appointment to or continuing service on the board of directors or
similar body of, any corporation or other entity, other than wholly or majority owned subsidiaries of the Corporation, must be first approved
in writing by the Corporation. The foregoing provisions of this Section 1.3 shall not prevent the Executive from investing in non-competitive,
publicly-traded securities to the extent permitted by Section 6(b) . 

1.4 No Breach of Contract .
Executive hereby represents to the Corporation that the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the Corporation
and the performance by the Executive of the Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene,
the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or otherwise bound. 

1 

1.5 Place of Performance .
The principal place of Executive s employment shall be the Corporation s offices located in Boulder, Colorado, though such
principal place of employment of the Executive may be moved from time to time upon mutual agreement by the Executive and the Corporation.
The Executive agrees that the Executive will be regularly present at the Corporation s principal executive offices, or such other
location as the parties may designate, and that the Executive may be required to travel from time to time in the course of performing
the Executive s duties for the Corporation. The Corporation acknowledges that Executive s principal place of residence is
and will remain during the Term of Employment, Colorado. 

2. At-Will Employment, Term of Employment .
The Term of Employment shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue in full force until the Termination
Date pursuant to Section 5.9 . The Parties agree that Executive s employment with the Corporation will be at-will 
employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause in accordance with Section 5 . This Agreement shall govern the
terms of Executive s employment hereunder on and after the Effective Date. 

3. Compensation . 

3.1 Base Salary . As of
the Effective Date and during the Term of Employment, the Corporation shall pay to the Executive a base salary at the rate of 27,083.33
per month 325,000 per annum), subject to increase (but not decrease) by the Board (the Base Salary ). The Executive s
Base Salary shall be paid in accordance with the Corporation s regular payroll practices in effect from time to time, but no less
frequently than monthly. 

3.2 Annual Bonus . For
each fiscal year during the Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to receive a target annual bonus (the Annual Bonus of 50 of Base Salary, up to 120 of the target Annual Bonus. The decision to provide any annual bonus and the amount and terms of any
Annual Bonus shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board. Executive must be employed by the
Corporation on the day that any Annual Bonus is paid. The Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, as appropriate, may in its
sole discretion agree to pay a pro rata or full Annual Bonus, and if such Annual Bonus is granted, then determine the amount, form and
payment schedule. 

3.3 Equity . During the
Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Corporation s equity-based incentive programs in effect at
the time, subject to the terms of such plans, as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion. 

3.4 Indemnification. (a)
In the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (a Proceeding ), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the Corporation
related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Corporation or any of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement or
the Executive s employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or any affiliate of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, member, employee or
agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless
by the Corporation to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law and the Corporation s articles and bylaws, as may be amended
from time to time, from and against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses, including all costs and expenses incurred in defense
of any Proceeding (including attorneys fees). 

(b) During the Term of Employment
and for a period of six (6) years thereafter, the Corporation or any successor to the Corporation shall purchase and maintain, at its
own expense, directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage to the Executive on terms that are no less favorable
than the coverage provided to other directors and similarly situated executives of the Corporation. 

3.5 Clawback Provisions .
Any incentive-based compensation, or any other compensation, paid to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or
arrangement with the Corporation which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement,
will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange
listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Corporation pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing
requirement). The Corporation will make any determination for clawback or recovery in accordance with any applicable law or regulation. 

2 

4. Benefits . 

4.1 Health and Welfare .
During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee pension and welfare benefit plans and programs
made available by the Corporation to the Corporation s senior-level employees generally, as such plans or programs may be in effect
from time to time. 

4.2 Reimbursement of Business
Expenses . Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses in carrying out Executive s duties for the Corporation under
this Agreement and entitled to reimbursement for all such expenses Executive incurs during the Term of Employment in connection with carrying
out the Executive s duties for the Corporation, as approved by the Corporation s Chief Financial Officer and subject to the
Corporation s reasonable expense reimbursement policies in effect from time to time. Such expenses may include but are not limited
to travel, lodging and meals. The Corporation shall reimburse Executive to the extent required by the preceding sentence. 

4.3 Vacation and Other Leave .
During the Term of Employment, Executive shall accrue and be entitled to take paid vacation of 4 weeks per annum pro-rated in accordance
with the Corporation s standard vacation policies in effect from time to time, including the Corporation s policies regarding
vacation accruals, provided however, that Executive shall be able to accrue a maximum of two times of the annual vacation time. Executive
shall also be entitled to all other holiday and leave pay generally available to all other employees of the Corporation. 

5. Termination . 

5.1. Termination . The Term
of Employment and Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Corporation or by Executive upon sixty (60) days 
written notice at any time and for any reason, for or without cause, for or without good reason, or upon Death of the Executive. Upon
termination of Executive s employment during the Term of Employment, Executive (or the Executive s estate and/or beneficiaries,
as the case may be) shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits describe in this Section 5 and shall have no further rights
to any compensation or any other benefits from the Corporation or any of its affiliates. Notwithstanding any other provision contained
herein, all payments made in connection with Executive s Death shall be provided in a manner which is consistent with federal and
state law. The Corporation may deduct from all payments made hereunder, all applicable taxes and other appropriate deductions. 

5.2. Definitions . For purposes
of this Agreement: 

(a) Accrued Amounts 
shall mean: 

(i) any accrued but
unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation which shall be paid in the next regularly scheduled payroll following one (1) week
after termination; and 

(iii) reimbursement for unreimbursed
business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Corporation s expense
reimbursement policy. 

(b) Change in Control 
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the Effective Date: 

(i) one person (or more
than one person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of the Corporation that, together with the stock held by such person or
group, constitutes more than 50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of such corporation; provided that,
a Change in Control shall not occur if any person (or more than one person acting as a group) owns more than 50 of the total fair market
value or total voting power of the Corporation s stock and acquires additional stock; 

(ii) a majority of the
members of the Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority
of the Board before the date of appointment or election; or 

3 

(iii) the sale of all or substantially
all of the Corporation s assets. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
a Change in Control shall not occur unless such transaction constitutes a change in the ownership of the Corporation, a change in effective
control of the Corporation, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Corporation s assets under Section 409A. 

For purposes of the definition of Change
of Control , the following definitions shall be applicable: 

(i) The term person 
shall mean any individual, corporation or other entity and any group as such term is used in Section 13(d) (3) or 14(d) (2) of the Exchange
Act. 

(ii) Any person shall
be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any shares of capital stock of the Corporation: 

a. which that person owns directly whether
or not of record, or 

b. which that person has the right to acquire
pursuant to any agreement or understanding or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants, or options, or otherwise, or 

c. which are beneficially owned, directly
or indirectly (including shares deemed owned through application of clause (b) above, by an affiliate or associate 
(as defined in the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of that person, or 

d. which are beneficially owned, directly
or indirectly (including shares deemed owned through application of clause (b) above), by any other person with which that person or her
 affiliate or associate (defined as aforesaid) has any agreement, arrangement, or understanding for the purpose
of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of capital stock of the Corporation. 

(iii) The outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall include shares deemed owned through application of clause (ii) (b), (c), and (d) above,
but shall not include any other shares which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants
or options, or otherwise, but which are not actually outstanding. 

(c) Cause shall mean: 

(i) the Executive s
willful failure to perform Executive s duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); 

(ii) the Executive s
willful failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Board communicated to Executive in writing; 

(iii) the Executive s
willful engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct or gross misconduct, which is, in each case, materially injurious to the Company Group; 

(iv) the Executive s
embezzlement, misappropriation or fraud, whether or not related to the Executive s employment with the Corporation; 

(v) the Executive s
conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or
a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; 

4 

(vi) the Executive s
violation of a material policy of the Corporation that has been provided to Executive (documents made public on the Corporation s
website or through filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are deemed provide to the Executive); 

(vii) the Executive s willful
unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined below); 

(viii) the Executive s
material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive and the Corporation;
or 

(ix) any material
failure by the Executive to comply with the Corporation s written policies or rules, as they may be in effect from time to time
during the Employment Term, if such failure causes material, reputational or financial harm to the Corporation. 

For purposes of this provision,
no act or failure to act on the part of the Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done,
by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of
the Corporation. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
advice of counsel for the Corporation shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith
and in the best interests of the Corporation. In all cases the Corporation shall notify the Executive in writing of the basis for any
for Cause termination by providing a detailed description of the alleged facts and circumstances giving rise to Cause. In addition, with
respect to clauses (i), (ii), (vi), (viii) and (ix) Executive shall be given a period of at least 30 days to cure and only if Executive
fails to cure within such time period will a termination be for Cause. 

(d) Disability 
shall mean the Executive s inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to substantially perform her duties and responsibilities
under this Agreement, with or without reasonable accommodation, for 90 calendar days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar
day period, but only if the Executive is considered disabled within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(4). Without
limiting the circumstances in which the Executive may be determined to be disabled as defined in Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(4),
the Executive will be presumed to be disabled if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or if determined
to be disabled in accordance with a disability insurance program, provided the definition of disability applied under such disability
insurance program complies with the requirements of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(4). Any question as to the existence of the
Executive s Disability as to which the Executive and the Corporation cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified
independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Corporation. If the Executive and the Corporation cannot agree as to
a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such
determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Corporation and the Executive shall be final and conclusive
for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(e) Good Reason 
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during the Employment Term without the Executive s written consent: 

(i) a reduction in the Executive s
then current Base Salary; 

(ii) a relocation of
the Executive s principal place of employment by more than 50 miles, unless the new principal place of employment is closer to Executive s
principal residence; 

(iii) the Corporation s
failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Corporation to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that the Corporation would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such assumption
occurs by operation of law; or 

(iv) a material, adverse
change in the Executive s title, authority, duties or responsibilities (other than temporarily while the Executive is physically
or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law). 

5 

The Executive cannot terminate
his employment for Good Reason unless he has provided written notice to the Corporation of the existence of the circumstances providing
grounds for termination for Good Reason within 30 business days of the initial existence of such grounds and the Corporation has had at
least 30 business days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. If the Executive does not terminate
his employment for Good Reason within 30 calendar days after the expiration of the cure period, then the Executive will be deemed to have
waived his right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds. 

5.3. Termination for Cause
or Without Good Reason . In case of termination by the Corporation for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason, Executive shall
be entitled to the Accrued Amounts. 

5.4. Termination without Cause
or for Good Reason . In case of termination without Cause by the Corporation or for Good Reason by the Executive, Executive shall be
entitled to: 

(a) the
Accrued Amounts; 

(b) subject to the Executive s compliance with Sections 6 through 11 of this Agreement and her execution of a release of
claims in favor of the Corporation, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a form attached hereto (the Release and such Release becoming effective within the applicable time period set forth in the Release (the Release Execution Period ),
the Executive shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to one time the sum of the Executive s annual Base Salary, which
shall be paid within 30 days following the Termination Date; 

(c) upon determination by the Corporation s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee, as appropriate, to be made in its sole discretion
as to whether to grant such bonus, a pro-rata Annual Bonus, and if such pro-rata Annual Bonus is granted, determine the amount, form and
payment schedule. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not be entitled to any Annual Bonus solely for reason of termination, unless
the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, as appropriate, in its sole discretion awards a bonus to Executive; 

(d) If the Executive timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), the Corporation shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for herself and
her dependents. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the 10th day of the month immediately following the month in which
the Executive timely remits the premium payment COBRA Premium Reimbursements ). The Executive shall be eligible to receive
such COBRA Premium Reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the six-month anniversary of the termination; (ii) the date the Executive
is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially
similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Corporation s making payments under
this Section 5.4(d) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable Care Act
(the ACA ), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder),
the parties agree to reform this Section 5.4(d) in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA; 

(e) All outstanding
time-based equity-based compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall become fully vested; and 

(f) All outstanding
performance-based equity compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall remain outstanding and shall
vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements, if the applicable performance goals are satisfied.
The determination whether such performance goals are satisfied shall be in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board,
as the case may be. 

5.5. Termination upon Change
in Control . Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if the Executive s employment hereunder is terminated by the
Executive for Good Reason or without Cause (other than on account of the Executive s death or Disability), in each case within three
(3) months prior to or twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, the Executive shall be entitled to receive: 

6 

(a) the Accrued Amounts; 

(b) subject
to the Executive s compliance with Sections 6 through 11 of this Agreement and execution of a Release which becomes
effective by the end of the Release Execution Period, the Executive shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to 1.5 times
the sum of the Executive s annual Base Salary; 

(c) 1.5
times the target Annual Bonus amount; 

(d) If the Executive
timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under COBRA, the Corporation shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA
premium paid by the Executive for herself and her dependents. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the 10 th day
of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible
to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the twelve-month anniversary of the termination; (ii) the date the Executive
is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially
similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Corporation s making payments under
this Section 5.5(d) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the ACA, or
result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA, the parties agree to reform this Section 5.5(d) in a manner as is
necessary to comply with the ACA; 

(e) All outstanding
time-based equity-based compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall become fully vested; and 

(f) All outstanding
performance-based equity compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall remain outstanding and shall
vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements, if the applicable performance goals are satisfied.
The determination whether such performance goals are satisfied shall be in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board,
as the case may be. 

5.6 Release; Exclusive
Remedy . 

(a) The Executive agrees that
the payments contemplated by this Section 5 shall constitute the exclusive and sole remedy for any termination of her
employment and the Executive covenants not to assert or to pursue any other remedies, at law or in equity, with respect to any termination
of employment. The Corporation and Executive acknowledge and agree that there is no duty of the Executive to mitigate damages under this
Agreement. All amounts paid to the Executive pursuant to Section 5 shall be paid without regard to whether the Executive
has taken or takes actions to mitigate damages. 

(b) As used herein, Release 
shall mean a written release, discharge and covenant not to sue entered into by the Executive in favor of the Corporation in the form
as in Exhibit A hereto. 

5.7. Death or Disability . 

(a) The Executive s employment
hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death during the Term of Employment, and the Corporation may terminate
the Executive s employment on account of the Executive s Disability consistent with applicable law. Executive will be eligible
for any employee plans in place that cover Disability and will be eligible for any employee benefits consistent with those plans. 

(b) If the Executive s employment
is terminated during the Term of Employment on account of the Executive s death or Disability, the Executive (or the Executive s
estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts. In addition, Executive s spouse
or partner and other dependents shall be entitled to six months of COBRA Premium Reimbursements upon timely request to the Corporation
for such benefits. All outstanding equity-based compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall become
fully vested. 

7 

5.8 Notice of Termination .
Any termination of the Executive s employment hereunder by the Corporation or by the Executive during the Term of Employment (other
than termination pursuant to Section 5.4 on account of the Executive s death) shall be communicated by written notice of
termination (the Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 14(j) . The Notice
of Termination shall specify: 

(a) 
 The termination provision of this Agreement relied upon; 

(b) 
 To the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provisions so indicated; and 

(c) 
 The applicable Termination Date. 

5.9 Termination Date . The
Executive s Termination Date shall be: 

(a) 
 If the Executive s employment hereunder terminates on account of the Executive s death, the date of the Executive s death; 

(b) 
 If the Executive s employment hereunder is terminated on account of the Executive s Disability, the date that it is determined that the Executive has a Disability; 

(c) 
 If the Corporation terminates the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause, the date the Notice of Termination is delivered to the Executive; 

(d) 
 If the Corporation terminates the Executive s employment hereunder without Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than 30 calendar days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; provided that, the Corporation shall have the option to provide the Executive with a lump sum payment equal to 60 calendar days Base Salary in lieu of such notice, which shall be paid in a lump sum on the Executive s Termination Date and for all purposes of this Agreement, the Executive s Termination Date shall be the date on which such Notice of Termination is delivered; and 

(e) 
 If the Executive terminates his employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in the Executive s Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than 60 calendar days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered. 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Termination
Date shall not occur until the date on which the Executive incurs a Separation from Service within the meaning of Section 409A. 

5.10 Equity . Upon termination
under this Section 5 for any reason, Executive s outstanding and vested equity awards shall remain exercisable for 18 months
following termination, subject to the provisions of the Corporation s equity incentive plans. 

5.11 Resignation From Boards
and Committees . Following any termination of Executive s employment as Chief Executive Officer with the Corporation, Executive
agrees to resign, as of the date of such termination, from (i) each and every board of directors (or similar body, as the case may be)
of the Corporation and each of its affiliates on which Executive may then serve, including, but not limited to, the Board (and any committees
thereof), and (ii) each and every office of the Corporation and each of its affiliates that the Executive may then hold, and all positions
that he may have previously held with the Corporation and any of its affiliates. 

8 

5.12 Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code. 

(a) This Agreement is intended
to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 409A and shall be construed and interpreted
consistent with that intent. In the event that any payment or benefit payable under Section 5 of this Agreement is not compliant
with Section 409A and any taxes, penalties or interest are imposed on the Executive under Section 409A as a result of such noncompliance
(the Section 409A Penalties ), the Corporation shall put the Executive in an after-tax economic position equivalent
to the position the Executive would have been in without the imposition of such Section 409A Penalties. Executive shall notify the Corporation
in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities that, if successful, would require the payment of any
such Section 409A Penalties or related state tax statutes. Executive s right to be put in an equivalent after tax economic position
is subject to the Executive providing such notification no later than ten (10) business days after Executive is informed in writing of
such claim. If the Corporation desires to contest such claim, Executive shall (i) cooperate with the Corporation in good faith in order
to effectively contest such claim and (ii) permit the Corporation to participate in any proceedings relating to such claim. The Corporation
shall control all proceedings taken in connection with such contest; provided, however, that the Corporation shall bear and pay directly
all costs and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such contest. This section shall also
apply to any taxes, penalties, or interest imposed by any state that are calculated in a manner similar to taxes, penalties, or interest
imposed by Section 409A(a)(1)(B), including those amounts imposed by the State of Colorado tax laws and regulations. 

(b) If and to the extent that
any payment or benefit under this Agreement, or any plan or arrangement of the Corporation, is determined by the Corporation to constitute
 non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and is payable to the Executive by reason of the Executive s
termination of employment, then (a) such payment or benefit shall be made or provided to the Executive only upon a separation from
service as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations (a Separation from Service and
(b) if the Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Corporation),
such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided before the date that is six (6) months after the date of the Executive s Separation
from Service (or the Executive s earlier death). For the purposes of clarity, the first payment thereof will include a catch-up
payment covering the amount that would have otherwise been paid to the Executive during the period between the termination of Executive s
employment and the first payment date but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments (if any) will be
payable in accordance with their original schedule. 

(c) To the extent any expense
reimbursement or in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement
or in-kind benefits provided in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided
in any other taxable year (except under any lifetime limit applicable to expenses for medical care), in no event shall any expenses be
reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred such expenses, and in no
event shall any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

(d) To the extent that any provision
of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments
hereunder comply with Section 409A. To the extent any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral 
within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from
Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this section are intended to constitute separate payments for
purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 

6. Non-Competition . 

The Executive acknowledges and
recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Corporation, the amount of sensitive and confidential information involved
in the discharge of the Executive s position with the Corporation, and the harm to the Corporation that would result if such knowledge
or expertise was disclosed or made available to a competitor. Based on that understanding, the Executive hereby expressly agrees as follows: 

9 

(a) As a result of the particular
nature of the Executive s relationship with the Corporation, in the capacities identified earlier in this Agreement, for the Term
of Employment, the Executive hereby agrees that Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (i) engage in any business for the Executive s
own account or otherwise derive any personal benefit from any business that competes with the business of the Corporation or any of its
affiliates (the Corporation and its affiliates are referred to, collectively, as the Company Group ), (ii) enter the
employ of, or render any services to, any person engaged in any business that competes with the business of any entity within the Company
Group, (iii) acquire a financial interest in any person engaged in any business that competes with the business of any entity within the
Company Group, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, member, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee or
consultant, or (iv) interfere with business relationships (whether formed before or after the Effective Date) between the Corporation,
any of its respective affiliates or subsidiaries, and any customers, suppliers, officers, employees, partners, members or investors of
any entity within the Company Group. For purposes of this Agreement, businesses in competition with the Company Group shall include, without
limitation, businesses which any entity within the Company Group may conduct operations, and any businesses which any entity within the
Company Group has specific plans to conduct operations in the future and as to which the Executive is aware of such planning, whether
or not such businesses have or have not as of that date commenced operations. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, the Executive may, directly or indirectly, own, solely as an investment, securities of any Person, other
than a business that competes with the business of the Company Group, which are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange
or on the over-the-counter market if the Executive (i) is not a controlling Person of, or a member of a group that controls, such Person,
and (ii) does not, directly or indirectly, beneficially own one percent (1 or more of any class of securities of such Person. Executive
may indirectly, through a mutual or exchange traded fund, own, solely as an investment, securities of a business that competes with the
business of the Company Group, which are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market if
the Executive (i) is not a controlling Person of, or a member of a group that controls, such Person, and (ii) does not, directly or indirectly,
beneficially own one percent (1 or more of any class of securities of such business. For purposes of this Section 6(b) ,
 Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and used in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including a group as described in Section 13(d) thereof. 

7. Confidential Information . 

As a material part of the consideration
for the Corporation s commitment to the terms of this Agreement, the Executive hereby agrees that the Executive will not at any
time (whether during or after the Executive s employment with the Corporation), other than in the course of the Executive s
duties hereunder, or unless compelled by lawful process after written notice to the Corporation of such notice along with sufficient time
for the Corporation to try and overturn such lawful process, disclose or use for the Executive s own benefit or purposes or the
benefit or purposes of any other person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or other business organization, entity
or enterprise, any trade secrets, or other confidential data or information relating to customers, development programs, costs, marketing,
trading, investment, sales activities, promotion, credit and financial data, financing methods, or plans of any entity within the Company
Group; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not apply to information which is generally known to the industry
or the public, other than as a result of the Executive s breach of this covenant. The Executive further agrees that the Executive
will not retain or use for Executive s own account, at any time, any trade names, trademark or other proprietary business designation
used or owned in connection with the business of any entity within the Company Group. 

8. Proprietary Rights . 

(a) Inventions . All inventions,
policies, systems, developments or improvements conceived, designed, implemented and/or made by Executive, either alone or in conjunction
with others, at any time or at any place during the Term of Employment, whether or not reduced to writing or practice during such Term
of Employment, which directly or indirectly relate to the business of any entity within the Company Group, or which were developed or
made in whole or in part using the facilities and/or capital of any entity within the Company Group, shall be the sole and exclusive property
of the Company Group. Executive shall promptly give notice to the Corporation of any such invention, development, patent or improvement,
and shall at the same time, without the need for any request by any person or entity within the Company Group, assign all of Executive s
rights to such invention, development, patent and/or improvement to the Company Group. Executive shall sign all instruments necessary
for the filing and prosecution of any applications for, or extensions or renewals of, letters patent of the United States or any foreign
country that any entity in the Company Group desires to file. 

10 

(b) Work Product . Executive
acknowledges and agrees that all writings, works of authorship, technology, inventions, discoveries, ideas and other work product of any
nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived or reduced to practice by the Executive
individually or jointly with others during the Term of Employment by the Corporation and relating in any way to the business or contemplated
business, research or development of the Corporation (regardless of when or where the Work Product is prepared or whose equipment or other
resources is used in preparing the same) and all printed, physical and electronic copies, all improvements, rights and claims related
to the foregoing, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively, Work Product ), as well as any and all rights
in and to copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks (and related goodwill), patents and other intellectual property rights therein arising
in any jurisdiction throughout the world and all related rights of priority under international conventions with respect thereto, including
all pending and future applications and registrations therefor, and continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions
and renewals thereof (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights ), shall be the sole and exclusive property of the
Corporation. 

For purposes of this Agreement,
Work Product includes, but is not limited to, Company Group information, including plans, publications, research, strategies, techniques,
agreements, documents, contracts, terms of agreements, negotiations, know-how, computer programs, computer applications, software design,
web design, work in process, databases, manuals, results, developments, reports, graphics, drawings, sketches, market studies, formulae,
notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, product designs, styles, models, audiovisual programs, inventions, unpublished patent
applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes, experimental results, specifications, customer information,
client information, customer lists, client lists, manufacturing information, marketing information, advertising information, and sales
information. 

(c) Work Made for Hire; Assignment .
All copyrightable work by Executive during the Term of Employment that relates to the business of any entity in the Company Group is intended
to be work made for hire as defined in Section 101 of the Copyright Act of 1976, and shall be the property of the Company
Group. If the copyright to any such copyrightable work is not the property of the Company Group by operation of the law, Executive will,
without further consideration, assign to the Company Group all right, title and interest in such copyrightable work and will assist the
entities in the Company Group and their nominees in every way, at the Company Group s expense, to secure, maintain and defend for
the Company Group s benefit, copyrights and any extensions and renewals thereof on any and all such work including translations
thereof in any and all countries, such work to be and to remain the property of the Company Group whether copyrighted or not. 

(d) Further Assurances; Power
of Attorney . During and after the Term of Employment, Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Corporation to (i) apply for,
obtain, perfect and transfer to the Company Group the Work Product as well as an Intellectual Property Right in the Work Product in any
jurisdiction in the world; and (ii) maintain, protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation, executing and delivering to
the Corporation any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments and other documents and instruments as
shall be requested by the Corporation. Executive hereby irrevocably grants the Corporation power of attorney to execute and deliver any
such documents on Executive s behalf in the Executive s name and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to transfer the Work
Product to the Corporation and further the transfer, issuance, prosecution and maintenance of all Intellectual Property Rights therein,
to the full extent permitted by law, if Executive does not promptly cooperate with the Corporation s request (without limiting the
rights the Corporation shall have in such circumstances by operation of law). The power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall
not be affected by Executive s subsequent incapacity. 

(e) No License . Executive
understands that this Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, grant the Executive any license or right of any nature with respect
to any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software or other tools made available
to the Executive by the Corporation. 

11 

9. Anti-Solicitation . 

In light of the amount of sensitive
and confidential information involved in the discharge of the Executive s duties, and the harm to the Corporation that would result
if such knowledge or expertise were disclosed or made available to a competitor, and as a reasonable step to help protect the confidentiality
of such information, the Executive promises and agrees that during the Term of Employment and for a period of two (2) years thereafter,
the Executive will not use the Corporation s confidential information to, directly or indirectly, individually or as a consultant
to, or as an employee, officer, shareholder, director or other owner or participant in any business, influence or attempt to influence
the customers, vendors, suppliers, joint venturers, associates, consultants, agents, or partners of any entity within the Company Group,
either directly or indirectly, to divert their business away from the Company Group, to any individual, partnership, firm, corporation
or other entity then in competition with the business of any entity within the Company Group, and he will not otherwise materially interfere
with any business relationship of any entity within the Company Group. 

10. Non-Solicitation of Employees . 

In light of the amount of sensitive
and confidential information involved in the discharge of the Executive s duties, and the harm to the Corporation that would result
if such knowledge or expertise were disclosed or made available to a competitor, and as a reasonable step to help protect the confidentiality
of such information, the Executive promises and agrees that during the Term of Employment and for a period of one (1) year thereafter,
the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, individually or as a consultant to, or as an employee, officer, shareholder, director,
or other owner of or participant in any business, solicit (or assist in soliciting) any person who is then, or at any time within six
(6) months prior thereto was, an employee of an entity within the Company Group, who earned annually 25,000 or more as an employee of
such entity during the last six (6) months of his or her own employment to work for (as an employee, consultant or otherwise) any business,
individual, partnership, firm, corporation, or other entity whether or not engaged in competitive business with any entity in the Company
Group. 

11. Non-Disparagement . 

The Executive agrees and covenants
that the Executive shall not at any time make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory,
or maliciously false, or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Company Group or its businesses, or any of its employees,
officers, or directors and their existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third parties, now or
in the future. 

12. Return of Property . 

Executive agrees to truthfully
and faithfully account for and deliver to the Corporation all property belonging to the Corporation, any other entity in the Company Group,
or any of their respective affiliates, which Executive may receive from or on account of the Corporation, any other entity in the Company
Group, or any of their respective affiliates, and upon the termination of the Term of Employment, or the Corporation s demand, Executive
shall immediately deliver to the Corporation all such property belonging to the Corporation, any other entity in the Company Group, or
any of their respective affiliates. 

13. Withholding Taxes . 

Notwithstanding anything else
herein to the contrary, the Corporation may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise due
or payable under or pursuant to this Agreement such federal, state and local income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to
be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

12 

14. Cooperation in Litigation . 

Executive agrees that, during
the Term of Employment or after the termination of Executive s employment, Executive will reasonably cooperate with the Corporation,
subject to Executive s reasonable personal and business schedules, in any litigation which arises out of events occurring prior
to the termination of Executive s employment, including but not limited to, serving as a witness or consultant and producing documents
and information relevant to the case or helpful to the Corporation. The Corporation agrees to reimburse Executive for all reasonable costs
and expenses Executive incurs in connection with her obligations under this Section 9 and, in addition, to reasonably compensate
Executive for time actually spent in connection therewith following the termination of Executive s employment with the Corporation. 

15. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Assignment . This Agreement is personal
in its nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights
or obligations hereunder; provided , however , that in the event of a merger, consolidation, or transfer or sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation with or to any other individual(s) or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the
provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises,
covenants, duties, and obligations of the Corporation hereunder. 

(b) Number and Gender . Where the context requires,
the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and any gender shall include all other genders. 

(c) Section Headings . The section headings
of, and titles of paragraphs and subparagraphs contained in, this Agreement are for the purposes of convenience only, and they neither
form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation thereof. 

(d) Governing Law . This Agreement, and all
questions relating to its validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement, as well as the legal relations hereby created between
the parties hereto, shall be governed by and construed under, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of
Colorado, notwithstanding any Colorado or other conflict of law provision to the contrary. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section
409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties
to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of Colorado, Boulder county. The parties
hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance
of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 

(e) Severability . If any provision of this
Agreement or the application thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of this Agreement
which can be given effect without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are declared
to be severable. 

(f) Entire Agreement . This Agreement embodies
the entire agreement of the parties hereto respecting the matters within its scope. Any prior negotiations, correspondence, agreements,
proposals or understandings relating to the subject matter hereof shall be deemed to have been merged into this Agreement, and to the
extent inconsistent herewith, such negotiations, correspondence, agreements, proposals, or understandings shall be deemed to be of no
force or effect. There are no representations, warranties, or agreements, whether express or implied, or oral or written, with respect
to the subject matter hereof, except as expressly set forth herein. 

(g) Modifications . This Agreement may not be
amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal definitive written agreement expressly referring to this Agreement,
which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto. 

13 

(h) Waiver . Neither the failure nor any delay
on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any right,
remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed
as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is
in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 

(i) Resolution of Disputes . 

(i) Any controversy arising out
of or relating to Executive s employment (whether or not before or after the expiration of the Term of Employment), any termination
of Executive s employment, this Agreement or the enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement, or because of an alleged breach,
default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, including (without limitation) any state or
federal statutory claims, shall be submitted to arbitration in Denver, Colorado, before a sole arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected from the American Arbitration Association AAA ), and shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions
of Colorado Revised Uniform Arbitration Act as the exclusive remedy of such dispute; provided , however , that provisional
injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and any provisional injunctive
relief granted by such court shall remain effective until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator. Final resolution of any
dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or relief that the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all remedies
provided by applicable state or federal statutes. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written decision
that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which the Arbitrator s award or decision is based. Any award or relief
granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. 

(ii) The parties acknowledge and
agree that they are hereby waiving any rights to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties
against the other in connection with any matter whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with any of the matters referenced in
the first sentence of Section 15(i)(i) . 

(iii) The parties agree that the
Corporation shall be responsible for payment of the forum costs of any arbitration hereunder, including the Arbitrator s fee. The
parties further agree that in any proceeding with respect to such matters, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable
attorney s fees and costs from the non-prevailing party (other than forum costs associated with the arbitration which in any event
shall be paid by the Corporation). 

(iv) Without limiting the remedies
available to the parties and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 15 , the Executive and the Corporation acknowledge
that any breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in Sections 6 through 11 could result in irreparable injury to
either of the parties hereto for which there might be no adequate remedy at law, and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof,
the non-breaching party shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary injunction and a permanent injunction
restraining the other party hereto from engaging in any activities prohibited by any covenant or provision in Sections 6 through 11 
or such other equitable relief as may be required to enforce specifically any of the covenants or provisions of Sections 6through 11 . 

(j) Publicity . 

Executive hereby irrevocably consents
during the term of this Agreement to any and all uses and displays, by the Company Group and its agents, representatives and licensees,
of Executive s name, voice, likeness, image, appearance and biographical information in, on or in connection with any pictures,
photographs, audio and video recordings, digital images, websites, television programs and advertising, other advertising and publicity,
sales and marketing brochures, books, magazines, other publications, CDs, DVDs, tapes and all other printed and electronic forms and media
throughout the world, at any time during or after the period of Executive s employment by the Corporation, for all legitimate commercial
and business purposes of the Company Group Permitted Uses without further consent from or royalty, payment or other
compensation to the Executive. The Executive hereby forever waives and releases the Company Group and its directors, officers, employees
and agents from any and all claims, actions, damages, losses, costs, expenses and liability of any kind, arising under any legal or equitable
theory whatsoever at any time during or after the period of Executive s employment by the Corporation, arising directly or indirectly
from the Company Group s and its agents , representatives and licensees exercise of their rights in connection
with any Permitted Uses. At the end of the term of this Agreement, the Corporation shall have no obligation to remove any previously-published
displays described in this paragraph. 

14 

(k) Notices . 

(i) All notices, requests, demands
and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received
if (i) delivered by hand or by courier, effective upon delivery, (ii) given by facsimile or electronic version, when transmitted if transmitted
on a business day and during normal business hours of the recipient, and otherwise delivered on the next business day following transmission,
or (iii) sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, 5 business days after being deposited in the
U.S. postal mail. Any notice shall be duly addressed to the parties as follows: 

(i) If to the Corporation: 

Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Lead Independent Director of the Board or any Independent Director 
5445 Conestoga Court, Suite 150 
Boulder, Colorado 80301 

(ii) If to the Executive: 

Amy Trombly 
At the address on file with the Corporation 

(ii) Any party may alter the address
to which communications or copies are to be sent by giving notice of such change of address in conformity with the provisions of this
 Section 13 for the giving of notice. 

(l) Legal Counsel; Mutual Drafting . Each party
recognizes that this is a legally binding contract and acknowledges and agrees that they have had the opportunity to consult with legal
counsel of their choice. Each party has cooperated in the drafting, negotiation and preparation of this Agreement. Hence, in any construction
to be made of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party being the drafter of such
language. 

(m) Provisions that Survive Termination . The
provisions of Sections 3.4 , 3.5 , 5 through 11, 14 and this Section 15 shall survive any termination of the
Term of Employment. 

(n) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof,
individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic copies
of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. 

(o) Tolling . Should the Executive violate any
of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations articulated herein, the obligation at issue will run from the first date on which
the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation and Executive
have executed this Amended and Restated Employment Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

CORPORATION 

Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Jerry McLaughlin 

Name: 
 Title: 
 Jerry McLaughlin 
Lead Independent Director of 

Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 
 /s/ Amy Trombly 

Name: 
 Amy Trombly 

16 

EXHIBIT A RELEASE 

1. Definitions . I
intend all words used in this Release to have their plain meanings in ordinary English. Technical legal words are not needed to describe
what I mean. Specific terms I use in this Release have the following meanings: 

A. I, me, 
and my include me, Amy Trombly, and anyone who has or obtains any legal rights or claims through me, including my heirs
and estate, and each of my descendants, dependents, executors, administrators, assigns and successors. 

B. Employer, as
used in this Release, shall at all times mean Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Released Party or Released Parties ,
individual and collectively, means the Employer and the Employer s parent, past or present subsidiaries, affiliates, each of any
present or former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents or attorneys, trustees, insurers, successors, predecessors, assigns,
or personal representatives. 

C. My Claims mean
actions or causes of action, suits, claims, charges, complaints, contracts (whether oral or written, express or implied from any source),
and promises, whatsoever, in law or equity, that I ever had, may now have or hereafter can, shall or may have against the Employer or
other Released Party as of the date of the execution of this Release, including all unknown, undisclosed and unanticipated losses, wrongs,
injuries, debts, claims or damages to me for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, that are in any way related
to my employment with or separation (termination of employment) from the Employer. 

By signing this Release, I am
agreeing to release any actual and potential claim, known or unknown, I have or may potentially have, in law or in equity, either as an
individual or standing in the shoes of the government, under any federal, state or local law, administrative regulation or legal principle
(except as provided in Paragraph 4 of this Release). The following listing of laws and types of claims is not meant to, and shall not
be interpreted to, exclude any particular law or type of claim, law, regulation or legal principle not listed. I understand I am releasing
all my Claims, including, but not limited to, claims for invasion of privacy; breach of written or oral, express or implied, contract;
fraud or misrepresentation; and any claim under Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA ), 29 U.S.C. 626, as amended, the Older Workers Benefit Protection
Act of 1990 OWBPA ), 29 U.S.C. 626(f), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Title VII ), 42 U.S.C. 
2000e, et seq., the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act ADAAA ), 29 U.S.C. 2101, et seq., the Family and
Medical Leave Act FMLA ), 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ),
as amended, 29 U.S.C. 1001, et seq., Equal Pay Act EPA ), 29 U.S.C. 206(d), the Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act WARN ), 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq., the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.,
the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA), the Workplace Accommodations for Nursing Mothers Act, the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act,
the Lawful Off-Duty Activities Statute (LODA), the Personnel Files Employee Inspection Right Statute, the Colorado Labor Peace Act, the
Colorado Labor Relations Act, the Colorado Equal Pay Act, the Colorado Minimum Wage Order, the Colorado Genetic Information Non-Disclosure
Act, any other state human rights or fair employment practices act, and any other federal, state, or local statute, law, rule, regulation,
ordinance or order. This includes, but is not limited to, claims for violation of any civil rights laws based on protected class status;
claims for assault, battery, defamation, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, breach of the covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, promissory estoppel, negligence, negligent hiring, retention or supervision, retaliation, constructive discharge, violation
of whistleblower protection laws, unjust enrichment, payment of any kind, including any other claim for severance pay, bonus or incentive
pay, sick leave, holiday pay, vacation pay, life insurance, health or medical insurance or any other fringe benefit, medical expenses,
or disability, violation of public policy, and all other claims for unlawful employment practices, and all other common law or statutory
claims. To the maximum extent permitted by law, I agree that I will not seek and waive any right to accept any relief or award from any
charge or action against the Employer before any federal, state, or local administrative agency or federal state or local court whether
filed by me or on my behalf with respect to any claim or right covered by this Release. 

2. Agreement to Release
My Claims . Except as stated in Paragraph 4, I agree to give up all My Claims, waive any rights thereunder, and forever discharge the
Employer and all Released Parties of and from any and all liability to me for actions or causes of action, suits, or Claims. To the maximum
extent permitted by law, I agree that I will not seek and I waive any right to accept any relief or award from any charge or action against
the Employer or other Released Party before any federal, state, or local administrative agency or federal state or local court whether
filed by me or on my behalf with respect to any claim or right covered by this Release. I also agree to withdraw any and all of my charges
and lawsuits against Employer or other Released Party, except that I may, but am not required to, withdraw or dismiss, or attempt to withdraw
or dismiss, any charges that I may have pending against the Employer or other Released Party with the EEOC or other civil rights enforcement
agency. 

17 

I represent and warrant that I
have not transferred or otherwise assigned my Claims, or parts thereof, to any person or entity, other than the Employer. I will defend,
indemnify and hold harmless the Employer from and against any claim (including the payment of attorneys fees and costs actually
incurred whether or not litigation is commenced) that is directly or indirectly based on or in connection with or arising out of any such
assignment or transfer made, purported or claimed. 

In exchange for my agreement
to release my Claims, I am receiving satisfactory Consideration (compensation) from the Employer to which I am not otherwise entitled
by law, contract, or under any Employer policy. The consideration I am receiving is a full and fair payment for the release of all my
Claims. The Employer and the Released Parties do not owe me anything in addition to what I will be receiving. 

3. Older Workers Benefit
Protection Act . [This section may be revised if Executive terminates employment as part of a group termination.] The
Older Workers Benefit Protection Act OWBPA applies to individuals age 40 and older and sets forth certain criteria for
such individuals to waive their rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA in connection with an exit
incentive program or other employment termination program. I understand and have been advised that this Release of My Claims is subject
to the terms of the OWBPA. The OWBPA provides that an individual cannot waive a right or claim under the ADEA unless the waiver is knowing
and voluntary. I have been advised of this law, and I agree that I am signing this Release voluntarily, and with full knowledge of its
consequences. I understand that the Employer is giving me at least twenty-one (21) calendar days from the date I received a copy of this
Release to decide whether I want to sign it. I acknowledge that I have been advised to use this time to consult with an attorney about
the effect of this Release. If I sign this Release before the end of the twenty-one (21) day period it will be my personal, voluntary
decision to do so, and will be done with full knowledge of my legal rights. I agree that material and/or immaterial changes to the Separation
Agreement or this Release will not restart the running of this consideration period. 

4. Exclusions from Release .
My Claims do not include my rights, if any, to claim the following: unemployment insurance or workers compensation benefits; claims for
my vested post-termination benefits under any 401(k) or similar tax-qualified retirement benefit plan; my COBRA rights; and my rights
to enforce the terms of this Release. 

A. Nothing in this Release interferes
with my right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC or other local civil rights enforcement
agency, or participate in any manner in an EEOC investigation or proceeding under Title VII, the ADA, the ADEA, or the EPA. I, however,
understand that I am waiving my right to recover individual relief including, but not limited to, back pay, front pay, reinstatement,
attorneys fees, and/or punitive damages, in any administrative or legal action whether brought by the EEOC or other civil rights
enforcement agency, me or any other party. 

B. Nothing in this Release interferes
with my right to challenge the knowing and voluntary nature of this Release under the ADEA and/or OWBPA, if I have rights under such laws. 

C. I agree that the Employer and
the Released Parties reserve any and all defenses, which any of them has or might have against any claims brought by me. This includes,
but is not limited to, the Employer s or other Released Party s right to seek available costs and attorneys fees, and
to have any monetary award granted to me, if any, reduced by the amount of money that I received in consideration for this Release. 

D. Nothing in this Release releases
any claims for indemnification by Executive pursuant to any indemnification agreement, statute or otherwise or claims for coverage under
any D O or other similar insurance policy. 

5. Effective Date; Right
to Rescind or Revoke . I understand that insofar as this Release relates to my rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), it shall not become effective or enforceable until seven (7) calendar days after I sign it. I also have the right
to rescind (or revoke) this Release insofar as it extends to potential claims under the ADEA by written notice to Employer within seven
(7) calendar days following my signing this Release (the Rescission Period ). Any such rescission (or revocation) must be
in writing and hand-delivered to Employer or, if sent by mail, postmarked within the applicable time period, sent by certified mail, return
receipt requested, and addressed as follows: 

18 

A. post-marked within the seven
(7) calendar day Rescission Period; 

B. properly addressed to 

[INSERT NAME AND ADDRESS]; and 

C. sent by certified mail, return
receipt requested. 

6. I Understand the Terms
of this Release . I have had the opportunity to read this Release carefully and understand all its terms. I have had the opportunity
to review this Release with my own attorney. In agreeing to sign this Release, I have not relied on any statements or explanations made
by the Employer or its attorneys. I understand and agree that this Release and the attached Agreement contain all the agreements between
the Employer (and any other Released Party) and me. We have no other written or oral agreements. I understand this Release is a very important
legal document and I agree to be bound by the terms of this Release. 

Dated: ____________, 20__ 
 _______________________________ 

Amy Trombly 

19 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 3
 sonoma_ex1039.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND BRUCE THORNTON, DATED JUNE 16, 2023

Exhibit 10.39 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into by and between Bruce Thornton (the Executive ), and
Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), as of June 16, 2023 (the Effective
Date ). This Agreement replaces that certain employment agreement dated as of July 22, 2022, and entered into by and between
the Executive and the Corporation. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , prior to the date
hereof, the Executive has served as the Corporation s Executive Vice President of International Operations and Sales and Chief Operating
Officer; 

WHEREAS , the Corporation
desires that the Executive continue to be employed by the Corporation as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and
to carry out the duties and responsibilities described below, all on the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

WHEREAS , the Executive
is willing to accept and continue such employment on such terms and conditions. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and promises of the parties herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged by each of the parties, the Corporation and the Executive hereto agree as follows: 

1. Employment and Duties . 

1.1 Position . On the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Corporation agrees to continue to employ the Executive as its Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer for the Term of Employment (as defined in Section 2 ). The Executive does hereby accept and agree to
such employment, on the terms and conditions expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Executive shall, if requested, also serve as a
member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board or as an officer or director of any affiliate of
the Corporation for no additional compensation. 

1.2 Duties . During the
Term of Employment (as defined in Section 2 ), the Executive shall serve the Corporation as its Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer. The Executive shall, without limitation and without limiting the Executive s other duties to the Corporation,
and without limiting the authority of the Corporation s Board of Directors, be responsible for the general supervision, direction
and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and have such other duties and responsibilities as the Board shall designate
that are consistent with the Executive s position as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation. The
Executive shall perform all of such duties and responsibilities in accordance with the legal directives of the Board and in accordance
with the practices and policies of the Corporation as in effect from time to time throughout the Term of Employment (as defined in Section
2 (including, without limitation, the Corporation s insider trading and ethics policies, as they may change from time to time).
While employed as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation, the Executive shall report exclusively to the
Board. Throughout the Term of Employment (as defined in Section 2 ), the Executive shall not serve on the boards of directors or
advisory boards of any other entity, except for any wholly or majority owned subsidiaries of the Corporation, unless such service is expressly
approved by the Board. As Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Thornton is responsible for operations, partner management
and sales, manufacturing, R D, regulatory compliance and quality control for the Corporation. 

1.3 No Other Employment; Minimum
Time Commitment . Throughout the Term of Employment, the Executive shall both (i) devote substantially all of the Executive s
business time, energy and skill to the performance of the Executive s duties for the Corporation, and (ii) hold no other job. The
Executive agrees that any investment or direct involvement in, or any appointment to or continuing service on the board of directors or
similar body of, any corporation or other entity, other than wholly or majority owned subsidiaries of the Corporation, must be first approved
in writing by the Corporation. The foregoing provisions of this Section 1.3 shall not prevent the Executive from investing in non-competitive,
publicly-traded securities to the extent permitted by Section 6(b) . 

1 

1.4 No Breach of Contract .
The Executive hereby represents to the Corporation that: (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the Corporation
and the performance by the Executive of the Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene,
the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or otherwise bound; (ii) the Executive has no information
(including, without limitation, confidential information and trade secrets) of any other person or entity which the Executive is not legally
and contractually free to disclose to the Corporation; and (iii) the Executive is not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar
agreement (other than this Agreement) with any other person or entity. 

1.5 Place of Performance .
The principal place of Executive s employment shall be the Corporation s principal executive offices, currently located in
Boulder, Colorado, though such principal place of employment of the Executive may be moved from time to time upon mutual agreement by
the Executive and the Corporation; however, Executive may work remotely as long as he is available to be present at the Corporation s
principal executive offices if required by the Corporation. The Executive agrees that the Executive will be regularly present at the Corporation s
principal executive offices, or such other location as the parties may designate, and that the Executive may be required to travel from
time to time in the course of performing the Executive s duties for the Corporation. 

1.6 Performance Review .
During the Term of Employment, the Compensation Committee of the Corporation, in its sole discretion, will review Executive s performance
every twelve (12) months beginning on the Effective Date. The Compensation Committee will determine the performance goals and factors
after consultation with the Executive in its sole discretion and its decision shall be binding on all persons. 

2. Term of Employment . The Term of
Employment shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date pursuant
to Section 5.8 . This Agreement shall govern the terms of Executive s employment hereunder on and after the Effective Date. 

3. Compensation . 

3.1 Base Salary . As of
the Effective Date and during the Term of Employment, the Corporation shall pay to the Executive a base salary at the rate of 260,800
per year, subject to increase (but not decrease) by the Board (the Base Salary ). The Executive s Base Salary
shall be paid in accordance with the Corporation s regular payroll practices in effect from time to time, but no less frequently
than monthly. 

3.2 Annual Bonus . For each
fiscal year during the Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to receive a target annual bonus (the Annual Bonus of 50 of Base Salary, up to 120 of the target Annual Bonus. However, the decision to provide any Annual Bonus and the amount and terms
of any Annual Bonus shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board. Executive must be employed
by the Corporation on the day that any Annual Bonus is paid. However, the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, as appropriate,
may in its sole discretion agree to pay a pro rata or full Annual Bonus, and if such Annual Bonus is granted, then determine the amount,
form and payment schedule. 

3.3 Equity Awards . During
the Term of Employment, Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Corporation s equity incentive plans in effect at the
time, subject to the terms of such plans, as determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, in its discretion. 

3.4. Indemnification. (a)
In the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (a Proceeding ), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the Corporation
related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Corporation or any of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement or
the Executive s employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or any affiliate of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, member, employee or
agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless
by the Corporation to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law and the Corporation s articles and bylaws, as may be amended
from time to time, from and against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses, including all costs and expenses incurred in defense
of any Proceeding (including attorneys fees). 

(b) During the Term of Employment
and for a period of six (6) years thereafter, the Corporation or any successor to the Corporation shall purchase and maintain, at its
own expense, directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage to the Executive on terms that are no less favorable
than the coverage provided to other directors and similarly situated executives of the Corporation. 

2 

3.5 Clawback Provisions .
Any incentive-based compensation, or any other compensation, paid to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or
arrangement with the Corporation which is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement,
will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange
listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Corporation pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing
requirement). The Corporation will make any determination for clawback or recovery in accordance with any applicable law or regulation. 

4. Benefits . 

4.1 Health and Welfare .
During the Term of Employment, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee pension and welfare benefit plans and programs
made available by the Corporation to the Corporation s senior-level employees generally, as such plans or programs may be in effect
from time to time. 

4.2 Reimbursement of Business
Expenses . Executive is authorized to incur reasonable expenses in carrying out the Executive s duties for the Corporation under
this Agreement and entitled to reimbursement for all such expenses the Executive incurs during the Term of Employment in connection with
carrying out the Executive s duties for the Corporation, subject to the Corporation s reasonable expense reimbursement policies
in effect from time to time. The Corporation shall reimburse the Executive to the extent required by the preceding sentence. 

4.3 Vacation and Other Leave .
During the Term of Employment, Executive shall accrue and be entitled to take paid vacation in accordance with the Corporation s
standard vacation policies in effect from time to time, including the Corporation s policies regarding vacation accruals. The Executive
shall also be entitled to all other holiday and leave pay generally available to all other employees of the Corporation. 

5. Termination . 

The Term of Employment and the
Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by either the Corporation or the Executive at any time and for any reason; provided
that, unless otherwise provided herein, either party shall be required to give the other party at least 60 calendar days advance written
notice of any termination of the Executive s employment in accordance with Sections 5.7 and 5.8 . Upon termination
of the Executive s employment during the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described
in this Section 5 and shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Corporation or any of its
affiliates. 

5.1 Definitions .
For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Accrued Amounts 
shall mean: 

(i) any accrued but unpaid Base
Salary and accrued but unused vacation which shall be paid within one (1) week following the Termination Date (as defined below); 

(ii) reimbursement for unreimbursed
business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Corporation s expense
reimbursement policy; and 

(iii) such employee benefits (including
equity compensation), if any, to which the Executive may be entitled under the Corporation s employee benefit plans as of the Termination
Date; provided that, in no event shall the Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments except
as specifically provided herein. 

3 

(b) Change in Control 
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following after the Effective Date: 

(i) one person (or more than one
person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of the Corporation that, together with the stock held by such person or group, constitutes
more than 50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of such corporation; provided that, a Change in Control
shall not occur if any person (or more than one person acting as a group) owns more than 50 of the total fair market value or total voting
power of the Corporation s stock and acquires additional stock; 

(ii) a majority of the members
of the Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the
Board before the date of appointment or election; or 

(iii) the sale of all or substantially
all of the Corporation s assets. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in
Control shall not occur unless such transaction constitutes a change in the ownership of the Corporation, a change in effective control
of the Corporation, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Corporation s assets under Section 409A. 

For purposes of the definition of Change
of Control , the following definitions shall be applicable: 

(i) The term person shall mean
any individual, corporation or other entity and any group as such term is used in Section 13(d) (3) or 14(d) (2) of the Exchange Act. 

(ii) Any person shall be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of any shares of capital stock of the Corporation: 

a. which that person owns directly whether
or not of record, or 

b. which that person has the right to acquire
pursuant to any agreement or understanding or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants, or options, or otherwise, or 

c. which are beneficially owned, directly
or indirectly (including shares deemed owned through application of clause (b) above, by an affiliate or associate 
(as defined in the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of that person, or 

d. which are beneficially owned, directly
or indirectly (including shares deemed owned through application of clause (b) above), by any other person with which that person or his
 affiliate or associate (defined as aforesaid) has any agreement, arrangement, or understanding for the purpose
of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of capital stock of the Corporation. 

(iii) The outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Corporation shall include shares deemed owned through application of clause (ii) (b), (c), and (d) above, but shall
not include any other shares which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options,
or otherwise, but which are not actually outstanding. 

(c) Cause shall mean: 

(i) the Executive s willful
failure to perform his duties (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); 

(ii) the Executive s willful
failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Board communicated to him in writing; 

4 

(iii) the Executive s willful
engagement in dishonesty, illegal conduct or gross misconduct, which is, in each case, materially injurious to the Corporation or its
affiliates; 

(iv) the Executive s embezzlement,
misappropriation or fraud, whether or not related to the Executive s employment with the Corporation; 

(v) the Executive s conviction
of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that constitutes
a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; 

(vi) the Executive s violation
of a material policy of the Corporation that has been provided to Executive (documents made public on the Corporation s website
or through filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are deemed provide to the Executive); 

(vii) the Executive s willful
unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined below); 

(viii) the Executive s material
breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between the Executive and the Corporation; or 

(ix) any material failure by the
Executive to comply with the Corporation s written policies or rules, as they may be in effect from time to time during the Employment
Term, if such failure causes material, reputational or financial harm to the Corporation. 

For purposes of this provision,
no act or failure to act on the part of the Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done,
by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of
the Corporation. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the
advice of counsel for the Corporation shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith
and in the best interests of the Corporation. In all cases the Corporation shall notify the Executive in writing of the basis for any
for Cause termination by providing a detailed description of the alleged facts and circumstances giving rise to Cause. In addition, with
respect to clauses (i), (ii), (vi), (viii) and (ix) Executive shall be given a period of at least 30 days to cure and only if Executive
fails to cure within such time period will a termination be for Cause. 

(d) Disability 
shall mean the Executive s inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to substantially perform his duties and responsibilities
under this Agreement, with or without reasonable accommodation, for 90 calendar days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar
day period, but only if the Executive is considered disabled within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(4). Without
limiting the circumstances in which the Executive may be determined to be disabled as defined in Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(4),
the Executive will be presumed to be disabled if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or if determined
to be disabled in accordance with a disability insurance program, provided the definition of disability applied under such disability
insurance program complies with the requirements of Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(4). Any question as to the existence of the
Executive s Disability as to which the Executive and the Corporation cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified
independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Corporation. If the Executive and the Corporation cannot agree as to
a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such
determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Corporation and the Executive shall be final and conclusive
for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(e) Good Reason 
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during the Employment Term without the Executive s written consent: 

(i) a reduction in the Executive s
then current Base Salary; 

(ii) a relocation of the Executive s
principal place of employment by more than 50 miles, unless the new principal place of employment is closer to Executive s principal
residence; 

5 

(iii) the Corporation s
failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Corporation to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent that the Corporation would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such assumption
occurs by operation of law; or 

(iv) a material, adverse change
in the Executive s title, authority, duties or responsibilities (other than temporarily while the Executive is physically or mentally
incapacitated or as required by applicable law). 

The Executive cannot terminate
his employment for Good Reason unless he has provided written notice to the Corporation of the existence of the circumstances providing
grounds for termination for Good Reason within 30 business days of the initial existence of such grounds and the Corporation has had at
least 30 business days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances. If the Executive does not terminate
his employment for Good Reason within 30 calendar days after the expiration of the cure period, then the Executive will be deemed to have
waived his right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds. 

5.2 Termination
for Cause or Without Good Reason . 

The Executive s employment
hereunder may be terminated by the Corporation for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive s employment
is terminated, by the Corporation for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued
Amounts. 

5.3 Termination Without Cause
or for Good Reason . 

The Term of Employment and the
Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Corporation without Cause. In the
event of such termination, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and subject to the Executive s compliance
with Sections 6 through 11 of this Agreement and his execution of a release of claims in favor of the Corporation, its affiliates
and their respective officers and directors in a form attached hereto (the Release and such Release becoming effective
within the applicable time period set forth in the Release, (the Release Execution Period ), the Executive shall be
entitled to receive the following: 

(a) 
 a lump sum payment equal to one time the Executive s Base Salary, which shall be paid on the 30 th day following the Termination Date; and 

(b) 
 upon determination by the Corporation s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee, as appropriate, to be made in its sole discretion as to whether to grant a bonus, and if such bonus is granted, the amount, form and payment schedule. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not be entitled to any bonus solely for reason of termination, unless the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, as appropriate, in its sole discretion awards a bonus to Executive. 

(c) If the Executive
timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ),
the Corporation shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for himself and his dependents. Such
reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the 10 th day of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive
timely remits the premium payment COBRA Premium Reimbursements ). The Executive shall be eligible to receive such
COBRA Premium Reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the twelve-month anniversary of the Termination Date; (ii) the date the Executive
is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially
similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Corporation s making payments under
this Section 5.3(c) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable Care Act
(the ACA ), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated
thereunder), the parties agree to reform this Section 5.3(c) in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA. 

6 

(d) Consistent with
the terms of any equity incentive plan of the Corporation, as approved by the stockholders, as applicable: 

(i) all outstanding time-based
equity-based compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall become fully vested and exercisable for
the remainder of their full term; and 

(ii) all outstanding performance-based
equity compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall remain outstanding and shall vest or be forfeited
in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements, if the applicable performance goals are satisfied. The determination
whether such performance goals are satisfied shall be in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board, as the case may
be. 

5.4 Death or Disability . 

(a) The Executive s
employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death during the Term of Employment, and the Corporation
may terminate the Executive s employment on account of the Executive s Disability. 

(b) If the Executive s
employment is terminated during the Term of Employment on account of the Executive s death or Disability, the Executive (or the
Executive s estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts. In addition, Executive s
spouse and other dependents shall be entitled to 12 months of COBRA Premium Reimbursements upon timely request to the Corporation for
such benefits. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all payments made in connection with the Executive s Disability
shall be provided in a manner which is consistent with federal and state law. The Corporation may deduct, from all payments made hereunder,
all applicable taxes and other appropriate deductions. 

5.5 Change in Control
Termination . 

(a) Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, if the Executive s employment hereunder is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or
without Cause (other than on account of the Executive s death or Disability), in each case within three (3) months prior to or twelve
(12) months following a Change in Control, the Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) the Accrued Amounts; (ii) subject to the Executive s
compliance with Sections 6 through 11 of this Agreement and his execution of a Release which becomes effective by the end of the
Release Execution Period, a lump sum payment equal to 1.5 times the sum of the Executive s Base Salary, which shall be paid on the
30 th day following the Termination Date; and (iii) 1.5 times the target Annual Bonus amount. 

(b) If the Executive
timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under COBRA, the Corporation shall reimburse the Executive for the monthly COBRA
premium paid by the Executive for himself and his dependents. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the 10 th 
day of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible
to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the twelve-month anniversary of the Termination Date; (ii) the date the Executive
is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially
similar coverage from another employer or other source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Corporation s making payments under
this Section 5.5(b) would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the ACA, or result in
the imposition of penalties under the ACA, the parties agree to reform this Section 5.5(b) in a manner as is necessary to comply
with the ACA. 

(c) Consistent with
the terms of any equity incentive plan of the Corporation, as approved by the stockholders, as applicable: 

(i) all outstanding time-based
equity-based compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall become fully vested and exercisable for
the remainder of their full term; and 

7 

(ii) all outstanding performance-based
equity compensation awards granted to the Executive during the Term of Employment shall remain outstanding and shall vest or be forfeited
in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements, if the applicable performance goals are satisfied. The determination
whether such performance goals are satisfied shall be in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board, as the case may
be. 

5.6 Release; Exclusive Remedy . 

(a) The Executive agrees that
the payments contemplated by Section 5 shall constitute the exclusive and sole remedy for any termination of his employment and
the Executive covenants not to assert or to pursue any other remedies, at law or in equity, with respect to any termination of employment.
The Corporation and Executive acknowledge and agree that there is no duty of the Executive to mitigate damages under this Agreement. All
amounts paid to the Executive pursuant to Section 5 shall be paid without regard to whether the Executive has taken or takes actions
to mitigate damages. 

(b) As used herein, Release 
shall mean a written release, discharge and covenant not to sue entered into by the Executive in favor of the Corporation in the form
as in Exhibit A hereto. 

5.7 Notice of Termination .
Any termination of the Executive s employment hereunder by the Corporation or by the Executive during the Term of Employment (other
than termination pursuant to Section 5.4 on account of the Executive s death) shall be communicated by written notice of
termination (the Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with Section 14(k) . The Notice
of Termination shall specify: 

(a) 
 The termination provision of this Agreement relied upon; 

(b) 
 To the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provisions so indicated; and 

(c) 
 The applicable Termination Date. 

5.8 Termination Date . The
Executive s Termination Date shall be: 

(a) 
 If the Executive s employment hereunder terminates on account of the Executive s death, the date of the Executive s death; 

(b) 
 If the Executive s employment hereunder is terminated on account of the Executive s Disability, the date that it is determined that the Executive has a Disability; 

(c) 
 If the Corporation terminates the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause, the date the Notice of Termination is delivered to the Executive; 

(d) 
 If the Corporation terminates the Executive s employment hereunder without Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than 60 calendar days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; provided that, the Corporation shall have the option to provide the Executive with a lump sum payment equal to 60 calendar days Base Salary in lieu of such notice, which shall be paid in a lump sum on the Executive s Termination Date and for all purposes of this Agreement, the Executive s Termination Date shall be the date on which such Notice of Termination is delivered; and 

(e) 
 If the Executive terminates his employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in the Executive s Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than 60 calendar days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered. 

8 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Termination
Date shall not occur until the date on which the Executive incurs a Separation from Service within the meaning of Section 409A. 

5.9 Equity . Upon termination
under this Section 5 for any reason, Executive s outstanding and vested equity awards shall remain exercisable for 18 months
following termination, subject to the provisions of the Corporation s equity incentive plans. 

5.10 Resignation From Boards
and Committees . Upon or promptly following any termination of Executive s employment with the Corporation, the Executive agrees
to resign, as of the date of such termination, from (i) each and every board of directors (or similar body, as the case may be) of the
Corporation and each of its affiliates on which the Executive may then serve, including, but not limited to, the Board (and any committees
thereof), and (ii) each and every office of the Corporation and each of its affiliates that the Executive may then hold, and all positions
that he may have previously held with the Corporation and any of its affiliates. 

5.10 Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code. 

(a) This Agreement is intended
to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Section 409A and shall be construed and interpreted
consistent with that intent. In the event that any payment or benefit payable under Section 5 of this Agreement is not compliant
with Section 409A and any taxes, penalties or interest are imposed on the Executive under Section 409A as a result of such noncompliance
(the Section 409A Penalties ), the Corporation shall put the Executive in an after tax economic position equivalent
to the position the Executive would have been in without the imposition of such Section 409A Penalties. The Executive shall notify the
Corporation in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities that, if successful, would require the payment
of any such Section 409A Penalties or related state tax statutes. The Executive s right to be put in an equivalent after tax economic
position is subject to the Executive providing such notification no later than ten (10) business days after Executive is informed in writing
of such claim. If the Corporation desires to contest such claim, Executive shall (i) cooperate with the Corporation in good faith in order
to effectively contest such claim and (ii) permit the Corporation to participate in any proceedings relating to such claim. The Corporation
shall control all proceedings taken in connection with such contest; provided, however, that the Corporation shall bear and pay directly
all costs and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such contest. This section shall also
apply to any taxes, penalties, or interest imposed by any state that are calculated in a manner similar to taxes, penalties, or interest
imposed by Section 409A(a)(1)(B), including those amounts imposed by the California Revenue and Taxation Code (R TC) Sections 17501
and 24601. 

(b) If and to the extent that
any payment or benefit under this Agreement, or any plan or arrangement of the Corporation, is determined by the Corporation to constitute
 non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and is payable to the Executive by reason of the Executive s
termination of employment, then (a) such payment or benefit shall be made or provided to the Executive only upon a separation from
service as defined for purposes of Section 409A under applicable regulations (a Separation from Service and
(b) if the Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Corporation),
such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided before the date that is six (6) months after the date of the Executive s Separation
from Service (or the Executive s earlier death). For the purposes of clarity, the first payment thereof will include a catch-up
payment covering the amount that would have otherwise been paid to the Executive during the period between the termination of Executive s
employment and the first payment date but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments (if any) will be
payable in accordance with their original schedule. 

(c) To the extent any expense
reimbursement or in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A, the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement
or in-kind benefits provided in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided
in any other taxable year (except under any lifetime limit applicable to expenses for medical care), in no event shall any expenses be
reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred such expenses, and in no
event shall any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

9 

(d) To the extent that any provision
of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A, the provision will be read in such a manner so that all payments
hereunder comply with Section 409A. To the extent any payment under this Agreement may be classified as a short-term deferral 
within the meaning of Section 409A, such payment shall be deemed a short-term deferral, even if it may also qualify for an exemption from
Section 409A under another provision of Section 409A. Payments pursuant to this section are intended to constitute separate payments for
purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 

6. Non-Competition . 

The Executive acknowledges and
recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Corporation, the amount of sensitive and confidential information involved
in the discharge of the Executive s position with the Corporation, and the harm to the Corporation that would result if such knowledge
or expertise was disclosed or made available to a competitor. Based on that understanding, the Executive hereby expressly agrees as follows: 

(a) As a result of the particular
nature of the Executive s relationship with the Corporation, in the capacities identified earlier in this Agreement, for the Term
of Employment, the Executive hereby agrees that he will not, directly or indirectly, (i) engage in any business for the Executive s
own account or otherwise derive any personal benefit from any business that competes with the business of the Corporation or any of its
affiliates (the Corporation and its affiliates are referred to, collectively, as the Company Group ), (ii) enter the
employ of, or render any services to, any person engaged in any business that competes with the business of any entity within the Company
Group, (iii) acquire a financial interest in any person engaged in any business that competes with the business of any entity within the
Company Group, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, member, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee or
consultant, or (iv) interfere with business relationships (whether formed before or after the Effective Date) between the Corporation,
any of its respective affiliates or subsidiaries, and any customers, suppliers, officers, employees, partners, members or investors of
any entity within the Company Group. For purposes of this Agreement, businesses in competition with the Company Group shall include, without
limitation, businesses which any entity within the Company Group may conduct operations, and any businesses which any entity within the
Company Group has specific plans to conduct operations in the future and as to which the Executive is aware of such planning, whether
or not such businesses have or have not as of that date commenced operations. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, the Executive may, directly or indirectly, own, solely as an investment, securities of any Person, other
than a business that competes with the business of the Company Group, which are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange
or on the over-the-counter market if the Executive (i) is not a controlling Person of, or a member of a group that controls, such Person,
and (ii) does not, directly or indirectly, beneficially own one percent (1 or more of any class of securities of such Person. Executive
may indirectly, through a mutual or exchange traded fund, own, solely as an investment, securities of a business that competes with the
business of the Company Group, which are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market if
the Executive (i) is not a controlling Person of, or a member of a group that controls, such Person, and (ii) does not, directly or indirectly,
beneficially own one percent (1 or more of any class of securities of such business. For purposes of this Section 6(b) , Person 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including
a group as described in Section 13(d) thereof. 

7. Confidential Information . 

As a material part of the consideration
for the Corporation s commitment to the terms of this Agreement, the Executive hereby agrees that the Executive will not at any
time (whether during or after the Executive s employment with the Corporation), other than in the course of the Executive s
duties hereunder, or unless compelled by lawful process after written notice to the Corporation of such notice along with sufficient time
for the Corporation to try and overturn such lawful process, disclose or use for the Executive s own benefit or purposes or the
benefit or purposes of any other person, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or other business organization, entity
or enterprise, any trade secrets, or other confidential data or information relating to customers, development programs, costs, marketing,
trading, investment, sales activities, promotion, credit and financial data, financing methods, or plans of any entity within the Company
Group; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not apply to information which is generally known to the industry or
the public, other than as a result of the Executive s breach of this covenant. The Executive further agrees that the Executive will
not retain or use for his own account, at any time, any trade names, trademark or other proprietary business designation used or owned
in connection with the business of any entity within the Company Group. 

10 

8. Proprietary Rights . 

(a) Inventions . All inventions,
policies, systems, developments or improvements conceived, designed, implemented and/or made by the Executive, either alone or in conjunction
with others, at any time or at any place during the Term of Employment, whether or not reduced to writing or practice during such Term
of Employment, which directly or indirectly relate to the business of any entity within the Company Group, or which were developed or
made in whole or in part using the facilities and/or capital of any entity within the Company Group, shall be the sole and exclusive property
of the Company Group. The Executive shall promptly give notice to the Corporation of any such invention, development, patent or improvement,
and shall at the same time, without the need for any request by any person or entity within the Company Group, assign all of the Executive s
rights to such invention, development, patent and/or improvement to the Company Group. The Executive shall sign all instruments necessary
for the filing and prosecution of any applications for, or extensions or renewals of, letters patent of the United States or any foreign
country that any entity in the Company Group desires to file. 

(b) Work Product . The Executive
acknowledges and agrees that all writings, works of authorship, technology, inventions, discoveries, ideas and other work product of any
nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared, produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived or reduced to practice by the Executive
individually or jointly with others during the Term of the Executive s employment by the Corporation and relating in any way to
the business or contemplated business, research or development of the Corporation (regardless of when or where the Work Product is prepared
or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same) and all printed, physical and electronic copies, all improvements,
rights and claims related to the foregoing, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively, Work Product ),
as well as any and all rights in and to copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks (and related goodwill), patents and other intellectual property
rights therein arising in any jurisdiction throughout the world and all related rights of priority under international conventions with
respect thereto, including all pending and future applications and registrations therefor, and continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part,
reissues, extensions and renewals thereof (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights ), shall be the sole and exclusive
property of the Corporation. 

For purposes of this Agreement,
Work Product includes, but is not limited to, Company Group information, including plans, publications, research, strategies, techniques,
agreements, documents, contracts, terms of agreements, negotiations, know-how, computer programs, computer applications, software design,
web design, work in process, databases, manuals, results, developments, reports, graphics, drawings, sketches, market studies, formulae,
notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, product designs, styles, models, audiovisual programs, inventions, unpublished patent
applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes, experimental results, specifications, customer information,
client information, customer lists, client lists, manufacturing information, marketing information, advertising information, and sales
information. 

(c) Work Made for Hire; Assignment .
All copyrightable work by the Executive during the Term of Employment that relates to the business of any entity in the Company Group
is intended to be work made for hire as defined in Section 101 of the Copyright Act of 1976, and shall be the property of
the Company Group. If the copyright to any such copyrightable work is not the property of the Company Group by operation of the law, the
Executive will, without further consideration, assign to the Company Group all right, title and interest in such copyrightable work and
will assist the entities in the Company Group and their nominees in every way, at the Company Group s expense, to secure, maintain
and defend for the Company Group s benefit, copyrights and any extensions and renewals thereof on any and all such work including
translations thereof in any and all countries, such work to be and to remain the property of the Company Group whether copyrighted or
not. 

(d) Further Assurances; Power
of Attorney . During and after the Executive s employment, the Executive agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Corporation
to (i) apply for, obtain, perfect and transfer to the Company Group the Work Product as well as an Intellectual Property Right in the
Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world; and (ii) maintain, protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation, executing
and delivering to the Corporation any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments and other documents
and instruments as shall be requested by the Corporation. The Executive hereby irrevocably grants the Corporation power of attorney to
execute and deliver any such documents on the Executive s behalf in the Executive s name and to do all other lawfully permitted
acts to transfer the Work Product to the Corporation and further the transfer, issuance, prosecution and maintenance of all Intellectual
Property Rights therein, to the full extent permitted by law, if the Executive does not promptly cooperate with the Corporation s
request (without limiting the rights the Corporation shall have in such circumstances by operation of law). The power of attorney is coupled
with an interest and shall not be effected by the Executive s subsequent incapacity. 

11 

(e) No License . The Executive
understands that this Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, grant the Executive any license or right of any nature with respect
to any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software or other tools made available
to the Executive by the Corporation. 

9. Anti-Solicitation . 

In light of the amount of sensitive
and confidential information involved in the discharge of the Executive s duties, and the harm to the Corporation that would result
if such knowledge or expertise were disclosed or made available to a competitor, and as a reasonable step to help protect the confidentiality
of such information, the Executive promises and agrees that during the Term of Employment and for a period of two (2) years thereafter,
the Executive will not use the Corporation s confidential information to, directly or indirectly, individually or as a consultant
to, or as an employee, officer, shareholder, director or other owner or participant in any business, influence or attempt to influence
the customers, vendors, suppliers, joint venturers, associates, consultants, agents, or partners of any entity within the Company Group,
either directly or indirectly, to divert their business away from the Company Group, to any individual, partnership, firm, corporation
or other entity then in competition with the business of any entity within the Company Group, and he will not otherwise materially interfere
with any business relationship of any entity within the Company Group. 

10. Non-Solicitation of Employees . 

In light of the amount of sensitive
and confidential information involved in the discharge of the Executive s duties, and the harm to the Corporation that would result
if such knowledge or expertise were disclosed or made available to a competitor, and as a reasonable step to help protect the confidentiality
of such information, the Executive promises and agrees that during the Term of Employment and for a period of one (1) year thereafter,
the Executive will not, directly or indirectly, individually or as a consultant to, or as an employee, officer, shareholder, director,
or other owner of or participant in any business, solicit (or assist in soliciting) any person who is then, or at any time within six
(6) months prior thereto was, an employee of an entity within the Company Group, who earned annually 25,000 or more as an employee of
such entity during the last six (6) months of his or her own employment to work for (as an employee, consultant or otherwise) any business,
individual, partnership, firm, corporation, or other entity whether or not engaged in competitive business with any entity in the Company
Group. 

11. Non-Disparagement . The Executive agrees
and covenants that the Executive shall not at any time make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any
defamatory, or maliciously false, or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Company Group or its businesses, or any
of its employees, officers, or directors and their existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third
parties, now or in the future. 

12. Return of Property . 

The Executive agrees to truthfully
and faithfully account for and deliver to the Corporation all property belonging to the Corporation, any other entity in the Company Group,
or any of their respective affiliates, which the Executive may receive from or on account of the Corporation, any other entity in the
Company Group, or any of their respective affiliates, and upon the termination of the Term of Employment, or the Corporation s demand,
the Executive shall immediately deliver to the Corporation all such property belonging to the Corporation, any other entity in the Company
Group, or any of their respective affiliates. 

13. Withholding Taxes . 

Notwithstanding anything else
herein to the contrary, the Corporation may withhold (or cause there to be withheld, as the case may be) from any amounts otherwise due
or payable under or pursuant to this Agreement such federal, state and local income, employment, or other taxes as may be required to
be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

12 

14. Cooperation in Litigation . 

The Executive agrees that, during
the Term of Employment or after the termination of the Executive s employment, he will reasonably cooperate with the Corporation,
subject to his reasonable personal and business schedules, in any litigation which arises out of events occurring prior to the termination
of his employment, including but not limited to, serving as a witness or consultant and producing documents and information relevant to
the case or helpful to the Corporation. The Corporation agrees to reimburse the Executive for all reasonable costs and expenses he incurs
in connection with his obligations under this Section 14 and, in addition, to reasonably compensate the Executive for time actually
spent in connection therewith following the termination of his employment with the Corporation. 

15. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Assignment . This Agreement is personal
in its nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights
or obligations hereunder; provided , however , that in the event of a merger, consolidation, or transfer or sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Corporation with or to any other individual(s) or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the
provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises,
covenants, duties, and obligations of the Corporation hereunder. 

(b) Number and Gender . Where the context requires,
the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and any gender shall include all other genders. 

(c) Section Headings . The section headings
of, and titles of paragraphs and subparagraphs contained in, this Agreement are for the purposes of convenience only, and they neither
form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the construction or interpretation thereof. 

(d) Governing Law . This Agreement, and all
questions relating to its validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement, as well as the legal relations hereby created between
the parties hereto, shall be governed by and construed under, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of
California, notwithstanding any California or other conflict of law provision to the contrary. This Agreement is intended to comply with
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any action or proceeding by either of the
parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the state of California, Sonoma county.
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. 

(e) Severability . If any provision of this
Agreement or the application thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of this Agreement
which can be given effect without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are declared
to be severable. 

(f) Entire Agreement . This Agreement replaces
and supersedes prior employment agreements, including the employment agreement executed by and between the Executive and the Corporation
dated July 22, 2022. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement of the parties hereto respecting the matters within its scope. Any prior
negotiations, correspondence, agreements, proposals or understandings relating to the subject matter hereof shall be deemed to have been
merged into this Agreement, and to the extent inconsistent herewith, such negotiations, correspondence, agreements, proposals, or understandings
shall be deemed to be of no force or effect. There are no representations, warranties, or agreements, whether express or implied, or oral
or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof, except as expressly set forth herein. 

(g) Modifications . This Agreement may not be
amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part), except by a formal definitive written agreement expressly referring to this Agreement,
which agreement is executed by both of the parties hereto. 

13 

(h) Waiver . Neither the failure nor any delay
on the part of a party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of the same or of any right,
remedy, power or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any occurrence be construed
as a waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver shall be effective unless it is
in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver. 

(i) Resolution of Disputes . 

(i) Any controversy arising out
of or relating to the Executive s employment (whether or not before or after the expiration of the Term of Employment), any termination
of the Executive s employment, this Agreement or the enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement, or because of an alleged breach,
default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, including (without limitation) any state or
federal statutory claims, shall be submitted to arbitration in California, before a sole arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected from the American Arbitration Association AAA ), and shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions
of California Code of Civil Procedure 1280 et seq . as the exclusive remedy of such dispute; provided , however ,
that provisional injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and any provisional
injunctive relief granted by such court shall remain effective until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator. Final resolution
of any dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or relief that the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all
remedies provided by applicable state or federal statutes. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written
decision that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which the Arbitrator s award or decision is based. Any award
or relief granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent
jurisdiction. 

(ii) The parties acknowledge and
agree that they are hereby waiving any rights to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties
against the other in connection with any matter whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with any of the matters referenced in
the first sentence of Section 15(i)(i) . 

(iii) The parties agree that the
Corporation shall be responsible for payment of the forum costs of any arbitration hereunder, including the Arbitrator s fee. The
parties further agree that in any proceeding with respect to such matters, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable
attorney s fees and costs from the non-prevailing party (other than forum costs associated with the arbitration which in any event
shall be paid by the Corporation). 

(iv) Without limiting the remedies
available to the parties and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 15 , the Executive and the Corporation acknowledge
that any breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in Sections 5.9 , and Sections 6 through 11 could
result in irreparable injury to either of the parties hereto for which there might be no adequate remedy at law, and that, in the event
of such a breach or threat thereof, the non-breaching party shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary
injunction and a permanent injunction restraining the other party hereto from engaging in any activities prohibited by any covenant or
provision in Sections 5.9 , and Sections 6 through 11 or such other equitable relief as may be required to enforce
specifically any of the covenants or provisions of Sections 5.9 , and Sections 6 through 11 . 

(j) Publicity . 

The Executive hereby irrevocably
consents during the term of this Agreement to any and all uses and displays, by the Company Group and its agents, representatives and
licensees, of the Executive s name, voice, likeness, image, appearance and biographical information in, on or in connection with
any pictures, photographs, audio and video recordings, digital images, websites, television programs and advertising, other advertising
and publicity, sales and marketing brochures, books, magazines, other publications, CDs, DVDs, tapes and all other printed and electronic
forms and media throughout the world, at any time during or after the period of his employment by the Corporation, for all legitimate
commercial and business purposes of the Company Group Permitted Uses without further consent from or royalty, payment
or other compensation to the Executive. The Executive hereby forever waives and releases the Company Group and its directors, officers,
employees and agents from any and all claims, actions, damages, losses, costs, expenses and liability of any kind, arising under any legal
or equitable theory whatsoever at any time during or after the period of his employment by the Corporation, arising directly or indirectly
from the Company Group s and its agents , representatives and licensees exercise of their rights in connection
with any Permitted Uses. At the end of the term of this Agreement, the Corporation shall have no obligation to remove any previously-published
displays described in this paragraph. 

14 

(k) Notices . 

(i) All notices, requests, demands
and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received
if (i) delivered by hand or by courier, effective upon delivery, (ii) given by facsimile or electronic version, when transmitted if transmitted
on a business day and during normal business hours of the recipient, and otherwise delivered on the next business day following transmission,
or (iii) sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, 5 business days after being deposited in the
U.S. postal mail. Any notice shall be duly addressed to the parties as follows: 

(i) If to the Corporation: 

Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Lead Independent Director 
5445 Conestoga Court, Suite 150 
Boulder, Colorado 80301 

(ii) If to the Executive: 

Bruce Thornton 
At the address on file with the Corporation 

(ii) Any party may alter the address
to which communications or copies are to be sent by giving notice of such change of address in conformity with the provisions of this
Section 15 for the giving of notice. 

(l) Legal Counsel; Mutual Drafting . Each party
recognizes that this is a legally binding contract and acknowledges and agrees that they have had the opportunity to consult with legal
counsel of their choice. Each party has cooperated in the drafting, negotiation and preparation of this Agreement. Hence, in any construction
to be made of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against either party on the basis of that party being the drafter of such
language. 

(m) Provisions that Survive Termination . The
provisions of Sections 3.4 , 3.5 , 5 through 11 , 14 and this Section 15 shall survive any termination
of the Term of Employment. 

(n) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof,
individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of all of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories. Photographic copies
of such signed counterparts may be used in lieu of the originals for any purpose. 

(o) Tolling . Should the Executive violate any
of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations articulated herein, the obligation at issue will run from the first date on which
the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation and the
Executive have executed this Amended and Restated Employment Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

CORPORATION 

Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 

a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Jerry McLaughlin 

Name: 
 Title: 
 Jerry McLaughlin 
Chairman of the Compensation Committee 

EXECUTIVE 

By: 
 /s/ Bruce Thornton 

Name: 
 Bruce Thornton 

16 

EXHIBIT A RELEASE 

1. Definitions . I intend
all words used in this Release to have their plain meanings in ordinary English. Technical legal words are not needed to describe what
I mean. Specific terms I use in this Release have the following meanings: 

A. I, me, 
and my include me, Bruce Thornton, and anyone who has or obtains any legal rights or claims through me, including my heirs
and estate, and each of my descendants, dependents, executors, administrators, assigns and successors. 

B. Employer, as
used in this Release, shall at all times mean Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Released Party or Released Parties ,
individual and collectively, means the Employer and the Employer s parent, past or present subsidiaries, affiliates, each of any
present or former officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents or attorneys, trustees, insurers, successors, predecessors, assigns,
or personal representatives. 

C. My Claims mean
actions or causes of action, suits, claims, charges, complaints, contracts (whether oral or written, express or implied from any source),
and promises, whatsoever, in law or equity, that I ever had, may now have or hereafter can, shall or may have against the Employer or
other Released Party as of the date of the execution of this Release, including all unknown, undisclosed and unanticipated losses, wrongs,
injuries, debts, claims or damages to me for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, that are in any way related
to my employment with or separation (termination of employment) from the Employer. 

By signing this Release, I am
agreeing to release any actual and potential claim, known or unknown, I have or may potentially have, in law or in equity, either as an
individual or standing in the shoes of the government, under any federal, state or local law, administrative regulation or legal principle
(except as provided in Paragraph 4 of this Release). The following listing of laws and types of claims is not meant to, and shall not
be interpreted to, exclude any particular law or type of claim, law, regulation or legal principle not listed. I understand I am releasing
all my Claims, including, but not limited to, claims for invasion of privacy; breach of written or oral, express or implied, contract;
fraud or misrepresentation; and any claim under Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 ADEA ), 29 U.S.C. 626, as amended, the Older Workers Benefit Protection
Act of 1990 OWBPA ), 29 U.S.C. 626(f), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 Title VII ), 42 U.S.C. 
2000e, et seq., the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendments Act ADAAA ), 29 U.S.C. 2101, et seq., the Family and
Medical Leave Act FMLA ), 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ),
as amended, 29 U.S.C. 1001, et seq., Equal Pay Act EPA ), 29 U.S.C. 206(d), the Worker Adjustment and
Retraining Notification Act WARN ), 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq., the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.,
the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Family Rights Act, any other state human rights or fair employment practices
act, and any other federal, state, or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance or order. This includes, but is not limited to,
claims for violation of any civil rights laws based on protected class status; claims for assault, battery, defamation, intentional or
negligent infliction of emotional distress, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, promissory estoppel, negligence, negligent
hiring, retention or supervision, retaliation, constructive discharge, violation of whistleblower protection laws, unjust enrichment,
payment of any kind, including any other claim for severance pay, bonus or incentive pay, sick leave, holiday pay, vacation pay, life
insurance, health or medical insurance or any other fringe benefit, medical expenses, or disability, violation of public policy, and all
other claims for unlawful employment practices, and all other common law or statutory claims. To the maximum extent permitted by law,
I agree that I will not seek and waive any right to accept any relief or award from any charge or action against the Employer before any
federal, state, or local administrative agency or federal state or local court whether filed by me or on my behalf with respect to any
claim or right covered by this Release. 

2. Agreement to Release My
Claims . Except as stated in Paragraph 4, I agree to give up all My Claims, waive any rights thereunder, and forever discharge the
Employer and all Released Parties of and from any and all liability to me for actions or causes of action, suits, or Claims. To the maximum
extent permitted by law, I agree that I will not seek and I waive any right to accept any relief or award from any charge or action against
the Employer or other Released Party before any federal, state, or local administrative agency or federal state or local court whether
filed by me or on my behalf with respect to any claim or right covered by this Release. I also agree to withdraw any and all of my charges
and lawsuits against Employer or other Released Party, except that I may, but am not required to, withdraw or dismiss, or attempt to withdraw
or dismiss, any charges that I may have pending against the Employer or other Released Party with the EEOC or other civil rights enforcement
agency. 

17 

I represent and warrant that I
have not transferred or otherwise assigned my Claims, or parts thereof, to any person or entity, other than the Employer. I will defend,
indemnify and hold harmless the Employer from and against any claim (including the payment of attorneys fees and costs actually
incurred whether or not litigation is commenced) that is directly or indirectly based on or in connection with or arising out of any such
assignment or transfer made, purported or claimed. 

In exchange for my agreement
to release my Claims, I am receiving satisfactory Consideration (compensation) from the Employer to which I am not otherwise entitled
by law, contract, or under any Employer policy. The consideration I am receiving is a full and fair payment for the release of all my
Claims. The Employer and the Released Parties do not owe me anything in addition to what I will be receiving. 

3. Older Workers Benefit Protection
Act . [This section may be revised if Executive terminates employment as part of a group termination.] The Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act OWBPA applies to individuals age 40 and older and sets forth certain criteria for such individuals
to waive their rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA in connection with an exit incentive program
or other employment termination program. I understand and have been advised that this Release of My Claims is subject to the terms of
the OWBPA. The OWBPA provides that an individual cannot waive a right or claim under the ADEA unless the waiver is knowing and voluntary.
I have been advised of this law, and I agree that I am signing this Release voluntarily, and with full knowledge of its consequences.
I understand that the Employer is giving me at least twenty-one (21) calendar days from the date I received a copy of this Release to
decide whether I want to sign it. I acknowledge that I have been advised to use this time to consult with an attorney about the effect
of this Release. If I sign this Release before the end of the twenty-one (21) day period it will be my personal, voluntary decision to
do so, and will be done with full knowledge of my legal rights. I agree that material and/or immaterial changes to the Separation Agreement
or this Release will not restart the running of this consideration period. 

4. Exclusions from Release .
My Claims do not include my rights, if any, to claim the following: unemployment insurance or workers compensation benefits; claims for
my vested post-termination benefits under any 401(k) or similar tax-qualified retirement benefit plan; my COBRA rights; and my rights
to enforce the terms of this Release. 

A. Nothing in this Release interferes
with my right to file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC or other local civil rights enforcement
agency, or participate in any manner in an EEOC investigation or proceeding under Title VII, the ADA, the ADEA, or the EPA. I, however,
understand that I am waiving my right to recover individual relief including, but not limited to, back pay, front pay, reinstatement,
attorneys fees, and/or punitive damages, in any administrative or legal action whether brought by the EEOC or other civil rights
enforcement agency, me or any other party. 

B. Nothing in this Release interferes
with my right to challenge the knowing and voluntary nature of this Release under the ADEA and/or OWBPA, if I have rights under such laws. 

C. I agree that the Employer and
the Released Parties reserve any and all defenses, which any of them has or might have against any claims brought by me. This includes,
but is not limited to, the Employer s or other Released Party s right to seek available costs and attorneys fees, and
to have any monetary award granted to me, if any, reduced by the amount of money that I received in consideration for this Release. 

D. Nothing in this Release releases
any claims for indemnification by Executive pursuant to any indemnification agreement, statute or otherwise or claims for coverage under
any D O or other similar insurance policy. 

5. Effective Date; Right to
Rescind or Revoke . I understand that insofar as this Release relates to my rights under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ),
it shall not become effective or enforceable until seven (7) calendar days after I sign it. I also have the right to rescind (or revoke)
this Release insofar as it extends to potential claims under the ADEA by written notice to Employer within seven (7) calendar days following
my signing this Release (the Rescission Period ). Any such rescission (or revocation) must be in writing and hand-delivered
to Employer or, if sent by mail, postmarked within the applicable time period, sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, and addressed
as follows: 

18 

A. post-marked within the seven
(7) calendar day Rescission Period; 

B. properly addressed to 

[INSERT NAME AND ADDRESS]; and 

C. sent by certified mail, return
receipt requested. 

6. I Understand the Terms of
this Release . I have had the opportunity to read this Release carefully and understand all its terms. I have had the opportunity to
review this Release with my own attorney. In agreeing to sign this Release, I have not relied on any statements or explanations made by
the Employer or its attorneys. I understand and agree that this Release and the attached Agreement contain all the agreements between
the Employer (and any other Released Party) and me. We have no other written or oral agreements. I understand this Release is a very important
legal document and I agree to be bound by the terms of this Release. 

Dated: ____________, 20__ 
 _______________________________ 

Bruce Thornton 

19 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 sonoma_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I, Amy Trombly, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 / s/ Amy Trombly 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 
 Amy Trombly 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 sonoma_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I, Jerome Dvonch, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Sonoma Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Jerome Dvonch 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 
 Jerome Dvonch 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 sonoma_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officers of Sonoma
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, to such officers knowledge, that: 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Amy Trombly 

Amy Trombly 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: June 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jerome Dvonch 

Jerome Dvonch 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 23
 snoa-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 25
 snoa-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 26
 snoa-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 27
 snoa-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

