<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230407_10-K_edgar_data_1704760_0001213900-23-028156.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7634403</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>247733</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1479605</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1596404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2145592</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1977963</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028156.hdr.sgml : 20230407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407091331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028156
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001704760
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38167
		FILM NUMBER:		23807912

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1720 PEACHTREE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 629
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-234-3098

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1720 PEACHTREE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 629
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PENSARE ACQUISITION Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170425

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028156.txt : 20230407

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_americanvirtual.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) 

, 

, 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A Warrants, each whole Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 172.50 AVCWQ N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market, was approximately .
For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such
determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such officers, directors or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates
of the registrant. 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No . 

As
of March 24, 2023, shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were outstanding. 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

For the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 29 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 41 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 42 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 47 
 
 Exhibit Index 

Signatures 
 
 48 

i 

References to we, us, 
 our or the Company refer to American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries,
unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. When we refer to AVCT, we mean American Virtual Cloud
Technologies, Inc. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE 

As previously disclosed, on January 11, 2023,
the Company and two of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the US
Bankruptcy Code Chapter 11 in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (such court, the Court ,
and such cases, the Cases ). Also as previously disclosed, on February 14, 2023, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries
(collectively, the Sellers entered into a stalking horse Asset Purchase Agreement (as subsequently
modified, the Stalking Horse APA with Skyvera, LLC (the Purchaser ), and in connection with the Cases, and
pursuant to bid procedures approved by the Court, on March 7, 2023, the Debtors held an auction (the Auction under Section
363 of the US Bankruptcy Code relating to the disposition of substantially all of the Debtors assets. The winning bid at the Auction
was submitted by the Purchaser, which agreed to pay cash consideration in the amount of 6,780,062. On March 10, 2023, the Sellers and
the Purchaser executed an amended and restated Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), reflecting the cash purchase
price of 6,780,062 resulting from the Auction. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser agreed to purchase substantially all
of the assets of the Sellers (such assets, the Purchased Assets, and such transaction, the Asset Sale ). The
Purchased Assets include, among other things, all rights of the Sellers under the Assumed Contracts and Assumed Leases (as such terms
are defined in the Purchase Agreement), tangible personal property, intellectual property rights, books and records and goodwill, but
excludes all Excluded Assets (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement), including all cash. 

On March 15, 2023, the Court entered an order
authorizing the Asset Sale pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. On March 24, 2023, the Asset Sale closed, thereby completing
the disposition of substantially all of the Company s assets. As identified in the Debtors Combined Disclosure Statement
and Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation (the Plan ), filed with the Court on March 21, 2023, and subject to Court approval,
the Company anticipates that there will be no proceeds available for distribution to the Company s stockholders and that the Company s
outstanding securities shall be cancelled upon confirmation of the Plan. Nothing herein is intended to act as a solicitation of
the Plan. 

Except as otherwise specifically stated herein,
the description and disclosures presented elsewhere in this Form 10-K reflect the Company s business as of December 31, 2022, prior
to the consummation of the Asset Sale. As a result of the Asset Sale, the Company no longer has any operations, other than those relating
to the wind down of its business and completion of the Chapter 11 process. 

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION
REGARDING TRADING IN THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 

Holders of the Company s equity securities will likely be entitled
to no recovery on their investment following the Cases, and recoveries to other stakeholders cannot be determined at this time. The Company
cautions that trading in the Company s securities given the pendency of the Cases is highly speculative and poses substantial risks.
Trading prices for the Company s securities may bear little or no relationship to the actual value realized, if any, by holders
of the Company s securities in the Cases. Accordingly, the Company urges extreme caution with respect to existing and future investments
in its securities. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements contained in this annual report
on Form 10-K and in certain documents incorporated by reference constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding management s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about: 

The
 Chapter 11 process; 

the
 Cases; and 

the outcome of any known and unknown litigation
 and regulatory proceedings. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors
described under the heading Risk Factors elsewhere in this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

As a result of a number of known and unknown
risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include: 

Risks
 and uncertainties associated with the Cases; 

Potential
 delays in the Cases; 

Potential claims that may not be discharged in the Cases; 

other
 risks and uncertainties including those set forth in the Risk Factors section
 of this Form 10-K, which begin on page 6. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Company History and Certain Recent Developments 

We were incorporated, in Delaware, as Pensare
Acquisition Corp, a special purpose acquisition company SPAC on April 7, 2016 for the purpose of entering into one or
more mergers, share exchanges, asset acquisitions, stock purchases, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other similar business combinations
with one or more target businesses. 

On April 7, 2020 (the Computex Closing
Date ), we consummated a business combination transaction (the Computex Business Combination in which we acquired
Stratos Management Systems, Inc. Computex ), a private operating company that does business as Computex Technology Solutions.
In connection with the closing of the Computex Business Combination, the Company changed its name to American Virtual Cloud Technologies,
Inc. 

On December 1, 2020 (the Kandy Closing
Date ), we acquired the Kandy Communications business (hereafter referred to as Kandy or Kandy Communications from Ribbon Communications, Inc. and certain of its affiliates Ribbon ), by acquiring certain assets, assuming certain
liabilities and acquiring all of the outstanding membership interests of Kandy Communications LLC. 

On September 16, 2021, the Company announced
that as a result of a decision by the Company s Board of Directors to explore strategic alternatives previously announced on April
7, 2021, the Board had authorized the Company to focus its strategy on acquisitions and organic growth in its cloud technologies business
as well as to explore strategic opportunities for its IT solutions business, including the divestiture of Computex. The Company believed
that such changes would have allowed it to optimize resource allocation, focus on core competencies, and improve its ability to invest
in areas of maximal growth potential. 

On January 27, 2022, the Company announced that it had executed a definitive
agreement to sell Computex, and on March 15, 2022, the sale of Computex was consummated, which completed the Company s transition
to a cloud communications company, centered on its Kandy platform. In connection with the then pending sale of Computex, Computex was
classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021 and its operations were separated and classified as discontinued operations. The discussions
in this Form 10-K primarily focuses on the Company s corporate activities and its Kandy segment. Net proceeds from the sale of Computex,
after payment of closing and certain other obligations were used for working capital and general business purposes. 

On August 25, 2022, the Company announced that
it had retained Northland Capital Markets to advise the Company in connection with a comprehensive strategic review process that could
lead to the sale of the Company or of selected assets. 

During 2022, the Company continued to explore
strategic opportunities, including the rationalization of resource allocation and core competencies. Further, the Company took actions
that it believed resulted in significant cost savings. Such savings were generated from selective reductions in workforce and negotiated
conversions of certain material vendor support costs from fixed to variable, thereby eliminating certain cost burdens related to unused
capacity. In addition, the Company obtained strategic and operating restructuring support services of certain capital advisors. 

Additionally, during 2022, the Company projected
and announced that it would need additional capital to fund its operations including research development and capital investment
requirements until the Company scaled to a revenue level that would permit cash self-sufficiency. Such factors raised substantial
doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. The projection was based on the Company s forecasts
regarding product sales and service, cost structure, cash burn rate and other operating assumptions. 

On January 11, 2023, the Debtors filed the Cases
as voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 in the Court. The respective Case numbers for each of the Debtors are 23-10020, 23-10021 and 23-10022.
However, the Cases are being jointly administered under Case number 23-10020. The Debtors are continuing to operate their businesses as debtors-in-possession under
the jurisdiction of the Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the US Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Court. To ensure
their ability to continue operating in the ordinary course of business, the Debtors filed various first day motions with
the Court requesting customary relief, including the authority to pay employee wages and benefits, that have enabled the Debtors to continue
to operate their business during the pendency of the Chapter 11 proceedings without material disruption to their ordinary course operations. 

1 

On February 14, 2023, the Sellers entered into
the Stalking Horse APA with the Purchaser, and in connection with the Cases, and pursuant to bid procedures approved by the Court, on
March 7, 2023, the Debtors held the Auction under Section 363 of the US Bankruptcy Code relating to the disposition of substantially all
of the Debtors assets. The winning bid at the Auction was submitted by the Purchaser, who agreed to pay cash consideration of approximately
 6.8 million. 

On March 10, 2023, the Sellers and the Purchaser executed the Purchase
Agreement, which is substantially the same as the Stalking Horse APA, except that it reflects the cash purchase price of approximately
 6.8 million resulting from the Auction. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser agreed to purchase the Purchased Assets, consisting
of substantially all of the assets of the Sellers. The Purchased Assets include, among other things, all rights of the Sellers under the
Assumed Contracts and Assumed Leases that are defined in the Purchase Agreement, tangible personal property, intellectual property rights,
books and records and any goodwill, but excludes cash, accounts receivable and certain other assets. Under the Purchase Agreement, the
Purchaser is expected to acquire the Purchased Assets for a purchase price (the Purchase Price consisting of (i) cash of
approximately 6.8 million, subject to certain adjustments (including a reduction by the amount, if any, by which the deferred revenues
of the Sellers as of the date of the closing of the Purchase Agreement exceeds the deferred revenues of the Sellers as of the date of
the Purchase Agreement), and (ii) the Purchaser s assumption of certain liabilities of the Sellers. 

On March 15, 2023, the Court entered an order
authorizing the Asset Sale pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. On March 24, 2023, the Asset Sale closed, thereby completing
the disposition of substantially all of the Company s assets. As identified in the Debtors Combined Disclosure Statement
and Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation (the Plan ), filed with the Court on March 21, 2023, and subject to Court approval,
the Company anticipates that there will be no proceeds available for distribution to the Company s stockholders and that the Company s
outstanding securities shall be cancelled upon confirmation of the Plan. Nothing herein is intended to act as a solicitation of
the Plan. 

Reverse Stock Split and Stock Exchange 

On September 30, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
(the Certificate of Amendment ), which effected, upon filing on September 30, 2022 (the Effective Stock Split Date ),
a one-for-fifteen reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s issued
and outstanding shares of common stock. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the CUSIP number (Committee on Uniform
Securities Identification Procedures number) for the Company s common stock changed. 

As a result of the Reverse Stock Split,
each share of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Stock Split Date was automatically
reclassified as and converted into one-fifteenth (1/15) of a share of the Company s common stock. The Reverse Stock Split affected
all stockholders uniformly and did not alter any stockholder s percentage interest in the Company s equity, except to the
extent that the Reverse Stock Split resulted in some stockholders owning a fractional share. No fractional shares
were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Instead, stockholders who would otherwise have been entitled to
fractional shares of the Company s common stock became entitled to receive cash payments in lieu of such fractional shares. 

On January 25, 2023, the Company s securities ceased trading
on The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq as the Company did not meet the requirements for continued trading thereon. Currently,
the Company s securities trade on the Pink sheets, an over-the-counter (OTC) market. 

The Business 

The description of the Company s business
contained herein reflects the Company s operation of its business prior to the completion of the Asset Sale on March 24, 2023.
As a result of the Asset Sale, the Company no longer has any operations, other than those relating to the wind down of its business and
completion of the Chapter 11 process. 

The Kandy cloud communications platform is a cloud-based, real-time
communications platform, offering proprietary unified communications as a service UCaaS ), communications platform as a
service CPaaS ), Microsoft Teams Direct Routing as a Service DRaaS ), and SIP Trunking as a Service capabilities STaaS ). 

As a provider of cloud-based enterprise services, Kandy deploys a global
carrier grade cloud communications platform that supports the digital and cloud transformation of mid-market and enterprise customers
across virtually any device, on virtually any network, in virtually any location. The Kandy platform is based on a powerful, proprietary
multi-tenant, highly scalable, and secure cloud platform. Further, Kandy supports rapid service creation and multiple go to market models
including white labelling, multi-tier channel distribution, enterprise direct, and self-service via its SaaS (software as a service) web
portals. 

2 

Kandy s cloud-based, real-time communications
platform enables service providers, enterprises, software vendors, systems integrators, partners and developers to enrich their applications
and their services with real-time contextual communications empowering the API (Application Programming Interface) economy. With Kandy s
platform, companies of various sizes and types can quickly embed real-time communications capabilities into their existing applications
and business processes, thereby providing a more engaging user experience. 

While the cloud communications business is focused
on highly complex, medium and large enterprise deployments, the customer experience is augmented by our managed services capabilities.
In addition, our strategic partnerships with companies such as AT T, IBM/Kyndryl, and Etisalat, give us access to a marquee customer
base and the ability to sell end-to-end solutions. 

Computex, sold in March 2022 and classified within
discontinued operations, is a leading multi-brand technology solutions provider to large global customers, providing a comprehensive
and integrated set of technology solutions, through its extensive hardware, software and value-added service offerings. 

Major customers 

Kandy only 

The five top customers
during Fiscal 2022 accounted for 79 of total Kandy revenues. Four customers accounted for more than 10 of total revenue, accounting
for 11.8 million of total Kandy revenue. 

Competition 

Kandy primarily competes with technology and
cloud providers such as 8X8, RingCentral, Vonage, Twilio, Nice and Five 9, among others. However, Kandy differentiates itself from its
competitors largely by the nature of its route to market - its platform is a proprietary white label, global cloud platform that supports
a single or a multi-tier distribution via a CSP (communications service provider), VAR (value-added reseller) or ISV (independent software
vendor) brand. Further, in addition to being a true multi-tenant platform, Kandy supports a BYOD (bring your own data) and BYOC
(bring your own carrier) model while providing both a light weight and heavy weight OSS/BSS (Ordering/Billing) system and automation
integration with its channel partners. Lastly, the Kandy platform brings a ubiquitous experience across UCaaS, CCaaS, and CPaaS
versus most of the competition who play in one or two of these communications market verticals. 

International Operations and Segments 

During 2021, the Company operated
two segments, Computex and Kandy. With the sale of Computex during the first quarter of 2022, the Company began operating as one reportable
segment beginning in the second quarter of 2022. At December 31, 2022, approximately 70 associates were employed in our international
operations. 

Research and Development 

Through Kandy, we have incurred software development
costs to enhance, improve, expand and/or upgrade our proprietary software in an agile software environment with releases broken down
into several iterations called sprints. These development activities have been performed by internal staff as well as by certain contractors. 

Through our Kandy R D team, our research
and development efforts have been focused, in part, on building a carrier-grade communications platform with a focus on next generation
software technologies and frictionless communications with multiple go-to-market strategies, including channel and direct sales models. 

As of December 31, 2022, our research and development
team consisted of approximately 31 associates (excluding contractors). 

3 

Sales and Marketing 

We have been targeting customers of varying sizes
in both the private and public sector and have developed relationships with them through direct marketing efforts as well as through
strategic relationships with our technology partners. 

We acquire new account relationships through
face-to-face field sales, through relationships with our partners and through targeted direct marketing efforts that aim to increase
awareness of our solutions. 

Our sales representatives are generally compensated
through a combination of fixed and variable compensation. Variable compensation or commission becomes the primary basis of compensation
as sales representatives gain more experience. 

Proprietary Rights 

We have relied on a combination of copyrights,
patents, trade secrets, trademarks, and contractual provisions to protect the proprietary rights of our products, processes and technology.
In addition, we have, at times, entered into confidentiality and assignment-of-rights agreements with our employees, consultants and
customers and have limited access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information. We licensed our proprietary products to our customers
under license agreements that we believe contain appropriate use and other restrictions. However, despite our efforts to safeguard our
proprietary rights, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to successfully deter misappropriation or unauthorized third-party
use of such rights. As is the case with any software company, safeguarding unauthorized use of our software is difficult, and piracy
could become a problem. In addition, if we are engaged in transactions in countries where intellectual property laws are not well developed
or are not well enforced, our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be effective. Enforcing our proprietary rights in the
U.S. and abroad and any litigation to enforce such rights, can result in significant costs and can divert resources, which could cause
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

As the number of solutions available in the marketplace
increases and solution functionality continues to overlap, software companies may increasingly become subject to claims of infringement
or other misappropriation of intellectual property. Third parties may assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us relating
to our software, processes or technology. Following up such claims, whether or not they have merit, can be time-consuming and can result
in costly litigation, cause delays in our business or have other negative consequences. Defending such claims, entering into royalty
or licensing agreements, or adverse determinations in proprietary rights litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

COVID-19 

COVID-19 continues to impact local, regional,
and global economies, businesses, supply chains, production and sales across a range of industries. 

To protect the health and safety of our employees,
our daily execution evolved into a largely virtual model. However, we found ways to continue to engage with and assist our customers
and partners as they worked to navigate the changed environment. 

Human Capital 

Our core values Integrity, innovation ,
 delighting our clients , diversity and teamwork are communicated to our employees upon joining our company. We strive
to maintain and demonstrate these values to our associates in the decisions we make and the actions we take. We believe one of our greatest
assets is our people and believe adherence to such policies plays a key role in our company. 

Integrity We strive to earn the
trust of our customers, partners, and associates through honesty, openness, and ethical, and fair behavior. We respect everyone and believe
we should treat others as we expect to be treated. 

4 

Innovation - We are committed to continuous
progress, never settling for yesterday s solutions or successes. 

Delighting our clients We are
committed to delighting our clients with exceptional and personalized services. 

Diversity We believe it takes
people with different ideas, experiences, strengths, interests and backgrounds to succeed. 

Teamwork We understand that we
achieve everything together and are accountable to each other for our results. 

On December 31, 2022, our employee base stood
at approximately 127 employees worldwide, of which more than 55 were employed in our international operations. We have offices in Canada,
Mexico, and the United States, as well as representatives in the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates. None of our employees are
represented by unions and we consider the relationships with our employees to be good. As of December 31, 2022, women represented 26.7 
of our workforce. Due in large part to a scaling back in the Company s operations during Fiscal 2022, the attrition rate in Fiscal
2022 was 44.6 . 

As of December 31, 2022, the composition of our employee base was
as follows: 

Corporate 
 Kandy 
 Total 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 - 
 17 
 17 
 
 Product support and R D 
 - 
 94 
 94 
 
 Admin 
 6 
 10 
 16 
 
 Total number of employees 
 6 
 121 
 127 

We offer fair and competitive compensation and
benefit packages to our employees that include base salary, incentives, adequate paid time off and various health insurance plan options. 

Available Information 

Our website address is http;//www.avctechnologies.com.
Our common stock and public warrants are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and we
have reporting obligations, including the requirement to file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with
the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report contain financial statements that are audited and reported on by our independent
registered public accountants. These filings are available to the public via the Internet on our website and at the SEC s website
located at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document that we file with the SEC at the SEC s public reference
room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. For more information, please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You may request
a copy of our filings with the SEC (excluding exhibits) at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone
number: 

American Virtual Cloud Technologies,
Inc. 

1720 Peachtree Street 

Suite 629 

Atlanta, GA 30309 

Tel: (404) 239-2863 

The Company s status as an emerging growth
company EGC as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act ), ended on December
31, 2022. 

5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the following events occur, our
business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our
common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our
Bankruptcy 

We have sold substantially
all of our assets as part of our Chapter 11 bankruptcy process, and we anticipate that our outstanding securities will be cancelled,
without any proceeds being available for distribution to our stockholders. 

On March 24, 2023, we completed
the Asset Sale and disposed of substantially all of our assets. As identified in the Debtors Combined Disclosure
Statement and Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation (the Plan ), filed with the Court on March 21, 2023, and subject to
Court approval, the Company anticipates that there will be no proceeds available for distribution to the Company s stockholders
and that the Company s outstanding securities shall be cancelled upon confirmation of the Plan. 

We may not be able to obtain confirmation of the Plan. 

To complete our Chapter 11 bankruptcy process,
we must meet certain statutory requirements with respect to the adequacy of disclosure with respect to the Plan, solicit and obtain the
requisite acceptances of such Plan and fulfill other statutory conditions for confirmation of such Plan. 

We may be subject to claims that will not be discharged in the
Chapter 11 Cases. 

The US Bankruptcy Code provides that the confirmation
of a plan of reorganization discharges a debtor from, among other things, substantially all debts arising prior to consummation of a plan
of reorganization. With few exceptions, all claims against us that arose prior to the filing of the Cases or before consummation of a
plan of reorganization (i) would be subject to compromise and/or treatment under a plan of reorganization and/or (ii) would be discharged
in accordance with the US Bankruptcy Code and the terms of a plan of reorganization. Subject to the terms of a plan of reorganization
and orders of the Bankruptcy Court, any claims not ultimately discharged pursuant to a plan of reorganization could be asserted against
us and may have an adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Our
Business and Industry 

While the Company remains a public company,
it will continue to incur the expense of complying with public company reporting requirements even though its operations have been reduced
following the sale of Computex. 

We will continue to be required
to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, even though compliance with
such reporting requirements may be economically burdensome. 

General economic weakness
may harm the Company s operating results and financial condition. 

The Company s results of operations are
largely dependent upon the state of the economy. Global economic weakness and uncertainty may result in decreased sales, gross margin,
earnings and/or growth rates. In addition, material changes in trade agreements between the U.S. and other countries may, for example,
negatively affect the Company s ability to purchase products, its ability to import or export products, and could negatively affect
pricing and product availability. Adverse economic conditions could negatively affect demand for the Company s products and services
and could impair the ability of customers to pay for such products and services. 

6 

The Company s
business could be adversely affected by COVID-19. 

Even though the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided,
the Company may continue to experience significant impacts to its business as a result of the global economic impact of COVID-19, including
any economic downturn or recession or other long-term effects that have occurred or may occur in the future. 

The Company has customer
concentration, and if the Company loses one or more of its large volume customers, its earnings may be materially affected. 

Following the Company s sale of the Computex
business in March 2022, it had significant concentration of customers. The five top customers of the Company s Kandy business,
which is the Company s sole business segment following the sale of Computex, accounted for 68 of the revenues of that business
segment during Fiscal 2021. There are inherent risks whenever a significant percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited
number of customers. Revenues from our largest customers may fluctuate from time to time based on numerous factors, including market
conditions, which may be outside of our control. Contracts between the Company and its customers for the provision of products and/or
services are generally in the form of non-exclusive agreements that do not contain volume purchase commitments, and are terminable by
either party upon 30 days notice. The loss of one or more of the Company s largest customers, the failure of such customers
to pay amounts due, or a material reduction in sales dollars by such customers could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

7 

The Company may not
be able to hire and/or retain the personnel that it needs. 

To increase market awareness and sales of the
Company s offerings, the Company may need to expand its marketing efforts and sales operations in the future. The Company s
products and services require a sophisticated sales effort and significant technical engineering talent. For example, its sales and engineering
candidates must have highly technical hardware and software knowledge to create a customized solution for its customers business
processes. Competition for qualified sales, marketing and engineering personnel fluctuates depending on market conditions, and the Company
may not be able to hire or retain sufficient personnel to maintain and grow its business. Frequently, the Company s competitors
require their employees to agree to non-compete and non-solicitation agreements as part of their employment. This makes it more difficult
for the Company to hire, and also may increase the costs of reviewing and managing non-compete restrictions. Additionally, in some cases,
the Company s relationship with a customer may be impacted by turnover in its sales or engineering team. 

The Company may not
adequately protect itself through its contracts, or its insurance policies may not be adequate to address potential losses or claims. 

The Company s contracts may not protect
it against the risks inherent in its business including, but not limited to, warranties, limitations of liability, indemnification obligations,
human resources and subcontractor-related claims, patent and product liability, regulatory and compliance obligations, and data security
and privacy. Also, the Company faces pressure from its customers for competitive pricing and contract terms. The Company also is subject
to audits by various vendor partners and customers relating to purchases and sales under various contracts. In addition, the Company
is subject to indemnification claims under various contracts. 

The Company depends
on having creditworthy customers to avoid an adverse impact on its operating results and financial condition. 

If the credit quality of the Company s
customer base materially decreases, or if the Company experiences a material increase in its credit losses, the Company may find it difficult
to continue to obtain the required capital for its business, and its operating results and financial condition may be harmed. In addition
to the impact on the Company s ability to attract capital, a material increase in its delinquency and default experience would
itself have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, and financial condition. 

8 

The Company may be
liable for misuse of its customers or employees information. 

Third-parties, such as hackers, could circumvent
or sabotage the security practices and products used in the Company s product and service offerings, and/or the security practices
or products used in the Company s internal IT systems, which could result in disclosure of sensitive or personal information, unauthorized
procurement, or other business interruptions that could damage the Company s reputation and disrupt its business. Attacks may range
from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. 

If third-parties or the Company s employees
are able to maliciously penetrate its network security or otherwise misappropriate its customers information or employees 
personal information, or other information for which its customers may be responsible and for which the Company agrees to be responsible
in connection with service contracts into which it may enter, or if the Company gives third-parties or its employees improper access
to certain information, the Company could be subject to liability. This liability could include claims related to unauthorized access
to devices on its network unauthorized access to its customers networks, applications, data, devices, or software 
and identity theft or other similar fraud-related claims. This liability could also include claims related to other misuses of or inappropriate
access to personal information. Other liability could arise from claims alleging misrepresentation of the Company s privacy and
data security practices. Any such liability for misappropriation of information could decrease the Company s profitability. In
addition, federal and state agencies have been investigating various companies to determine whether they misused or inadequately secured
information. The Company could incur additional expenses when new laws or regulations regarding the use of information are enacted, or
if governmental agencies require the Company to substantially modify its privacy or security practices. The Company could fail to comply
with applicable data privacy laws, the violation of which may result in audits, fines, penalties, litigation, or administrative enforcement
actions with associated costs. 

Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries
in the field of cryptography, or other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of the security practices the Company
uses to protect sensitive customer transaction information and employee information. A party who is able to circumvent the Company s
security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in the Company s operations. Further, third-parties
may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords, or other
information or otherwise compromise the security of the Company s internal networks and/or its customers information. Since
techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and the size and severity of security breaches are increasing, the Company
may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or timely identify or stop security breaches while they are occurring. 

The Company may be required to expend significant
capital and other resources to protect against security breaches or to remediate the subsequent risks and issues caused by such breaches.
The Company s security measures are designed to protect against security breaches, but its failure to prevent such security breaches
could cause it to incur significant expense to investigate and respond to a security breach and correct any problems caused by any breach,
subject it to liability, damage its reputation, and diminish the value of its brand. There can be no assurance that the limitations of
liability in Company contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect the Company from any such liabilities or damages
with respect to any particular claim. The Company also cannot be sure that its existing insurance coverage for errors and omissions or
security breaches will continue to be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that
its insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against the Company
that exceeds its available insurance coverage, or changes in its insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of
large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

9 

Failure to comply
with new laws or changes to existing laws may adversely impact the Company s business. 

The Company s operations are subject to
numerous laws and regulations in a number of areas including, but not limited to, laws relating to labor and employment, immigration,
advertising, e-commerce, tax, imports and exports, data privacy, competition, the environment, health, and safety. Compliance with these
laws and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and may not be consistent across jurisdictions, thereby further increasing the cost
of compliance, the cost of doing business, and the risk of noncompliance. Though the Company has designed policies and procedures to
comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no certainty that employees, contractors, or agents will fully comply with
such policies and procedures. 

We may face risks associated with our international
operations that could adversely affect the Company. 

The Company s operations outside the United
States include a Canadian division that was acquired as part of the Kandy acquisition. The Company also has employees in Mexico as well
as representatives in the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates. At December 31, 2022, approximately 70 associates were employed
in our international operations. Foreign operations are subject to risks that are inherent in operating within different legal, political
and economic environments. Among the risks are changes in tax laws, possible limitations on foreign investment and income repatriation,
government price or foreign exchange controls, and restrictions on currency exchange. Such operations may require significant management
attention and financial resources to successfully grow. In addition, international operations are subject to other inherent risks, including: 

greater reliance on local partners; 

possible difficulties collecting accounts receivable and longer collection
 cycles; 

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations; 

compliance with international trade, customs and export control regulations; 

foreign government regulations limiting or prohibiting potential sales
 or increasing the cost of doing business in such markets, including adverse tax policies, tariffs, customs regulations, trade protection
 measures, export quotas and qualifications to transact business; 

foreign currency controls, restrictions on repatriation of cash and
 changes in currency exchange rates; 

a possible need to adapt and localize our products for specific countries; 

our ability to effectively price our products in competitive international
 markets; 

political, social and economic instability, including as a result of
 possible volatility of global financial markets, health pandemics or epidemics and/or acts of war or terrorism; 

exchange rate fluctuations that could negatively impact our financial
 results; and risks associated with our use and reliance on research and development resources in global locations. 

10 

The departure of certain
of the Company s key executives or key members of its senior management team and/or failure to successfully implement a succession
plan could adversely affect the Company s business. 

The departure of certain key executives or key
members of the Company s senior management team and/or failure to successfully implement a succession plan could disrupt the Company s
business and impair the execution of its business strategies. The Company s executive officers are at the forefront of its strategic
direction and focus, and therefore believes that its success depends in part upon its ability to retain the services of certain executive
officers and senior members of its management team and also depends on its ability to successfully implement a succession plan. Therefore,
the departure of any of such persons without replacement by qualified successors could adversely affect the Company s ability to
effectively manage its overall operations and successfully execute current or future business strategies and could cause instability
within the Company s workforce. 

Changes in accounting
standards, or the misapplication of current accounting standards, may adversely affect the Company s future financial results. 

The Company prepares its financial statements
in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). These accounting principles are subject to interpretation
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), the SEC, the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA and various other bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting
policies. Periodic assessments required by current or new accounting standards may result in noncash charges and/or changes in presentation
or disclosure. In addition, any change in accounting standards could influence the Company s customers decision to purchase
from the Company or finance transactions with the Company, which could have a significant adverse effect on the Company s financial
position or results of operations. 

For example, a relatively new accounting standard
requires the Company to determine if it is the principal or agent in transactions with its customers. In addition, the manner in which
some of the Company s products are bundled, and the voluminous number of products and services the Company sells can add to the
level of complexity. Mischaracterization of these products and services could result in misapplication of revenue recognition policies.
In addition, judgements and estimates are made in the application of GAAP, such as to determine the fair value of assets acquired, and
liabilities assumed in business combinations, assessments of goodwill impairment, the estimating of the allowance for doubtful accounts
and the determination of the cost of professional and managed services. If the Company is unable to accurately estimate such amounts,
including the time-line for completion of contracts, the profitability of its contracts and its profits overall may be materially and
adversely affected. 

A natural disaster
or other adverse occurrence at one of the Company s facilities could damage its business. 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company has one
warehouse and a distribution facility in the U.S. If such facilities were to be seriously damaged by a natural disaster or other adverse
occurrence, the Company could utilize another distribution center or third-party distributors to ship products to its customers. However,
this may not be sufficient to avoid interruptions in the Company s business and may not be enough to meet the needs of all of the
Company s customers and could cause increased operating costs. In addition, the Company operates two customer facing data centers
which contain its Securities Operations Center and Network Operations Center. The Company also operates certain sales offices as well
as leased facilities in Ottawa, North Carolina and Mexico, along with a number of rented spaces that are used as server locations, all
of which may contain business-critical data and confidential customer information. A natural disaster or other adverse occurrence at
any such locations could negatively impact its business, results of operations or cash flows. 

The Company faces
risks of claims from third-parties for intellectual property infringement, including counterfeit products, that could harm its business. 

The Company may be subject to claims if products
that it resells is considered to infringe on the intellectual property rights of third-parties and/or are considered to be counterfeit
products. Also, the vendors of certain products or services that the Company resells may not provide the Company with indemnification
for infringement. However, the Company s customers may seek indemnification from the Company, which could cause the Company to
incur substantial costs in defending infringement claims against itself and its customers. In the event of such claims, the Company and
its customers may be required to obtain one or more licenses from third-parties, and the Company may not be able to obtain such licenses
at a reasonable cost, if at all. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any such required license could significantly increase the
Company s expenses and/or adversely affect its ability to offer one or more of its services. 

11 

Risks Related to Our Securities and Recent Acquisitions 

As smaller reporting company, the Company is exempt from certain
public company reporting requirements. 

The Company is a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. The Company will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250
million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of its common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second
fiscal quarter. Investors may find the Company s common stock less attractive because of the Company s reliance on these
exemptions, which may result in a less active trading market the Company s common stock and/or could result in the Company s
stock price being more volatile. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Our management and their affiliates control a substantial
interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. 

As of March 31, 2023, directors and executive
officers beneficially owned 7.5 of our common stock. Accordingly, these individuals have considerable influence regarding the outcome
of any transaction that requires stockholder approval. Furthermore, our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which
will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a consequence of our staggered
board, only a minority of our board of directors will be considered for election in any given year. In addition, our management
and their affiliates, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome of such elections. 

Changes in laws or
regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on
our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

12 

Our Charter provides,
subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder
litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our
directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

Our Charter provides, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and
other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the
stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel provided
that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to (i) suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act,
(ii) any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, (iii) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (iv) any claim which is vested in
the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (v) any claim for which the Court of Chancery does
not have subject matter jurisdiction. Furthermore, our Charter also provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision with respect to suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our
compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our Charter. 

This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees
or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived
our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice
of forum provision contained in our Charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Sales of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that they might occur, could have an adverse effect on the
market price of our common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock. To the extent any such warrants are exercised, additional shares of common stock will be issued, which will
result in dilution to our stockholders and an increase in the number of shares of common stock eligible for resale in the public market.
All of our outstanding warrants are subject to agreements requiring us to register for resale the underlying shares of common stock. Sales
of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that the warrants may be exercised, could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. 

Because we have no
current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless
you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We may retain future earnings, if any, for future
operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision
to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors
that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing
and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our
common stock unless you sell your shares of common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

13 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 1720 Peachtree Street, Suite 629, Atlanta, GA 30309, along with certain additional offices, all of which are leased. 

As of December 31, 2022, locations leased by Kandy were as follows: 

Administrative offices
 located in the Brier Creek Office Parke, Wake County, North Carolina; 

A lab and related
 facilities in Ottawa and North Carolina; 

A facility in Mexico
 City; and 

Approximately 4 co-located
 data centers that are used as server locations. 

We believe our current facilities meet the current
needs of our employee base. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration,
governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated against any members of our management
team in their capacity as such. From time to time, we may be involved in certain legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary
course of business. Currently, we not aware of any matter or matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flow. If we should determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable
on a claim and that the amount of probable loss is reasonably estimable, we will record an accrual for such claim or claims. If any such
accrual is recorded, it could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

14 

PART II 

Item 5.
Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

On January 25, 2023, the Company s securities
ceased trading on the Nasdaq as the Company did not meet the requirements for continued trading thereon. Currently, the Company s
common stock and public warrants trade on the over-the-counter markets under the symbols AVCTQ, and AVCTWQ, 
respectively. Each such whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 172.50 per share,
subject to adjustment as described in our registration statement. Only whole warrants are exercisable and only whole warrants trade.
Such warrants are scheduled to expire on April 7, 2025. 

Holders of Record 

On March 24, 2023, there were approximately 74
holders of record of our common stock and 4 holders of record of our publicly-traded warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial
owners holding our securities through nominee names. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides certain information
regarding our equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 securities 
 issuable upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 rights 
 Weighted- 
average exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 rights 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 unissued 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 666,667 
 - 
 328,997 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 666,667 
 - 
 328,997 

Additional information is included in Note 13
in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

15 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements (including the
notes thereto) contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in this discussion and analysis includes forward-looking
statements that involve risk and uncertainties. You are therefore encouraged to read the section in this annual report on Form 10-K titled,
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS and RISK FACTORS. 

Overview and recent developments 

We are a Delaware-incorporated entity. As of December
31, 2022, we had operating locations in North Carolina, Canada and Mexico. 

On April 7, 2020, AVCT (formerly known as Pensare
Acquisition Corp.), consummated the Computex Business Combination in which it acquired Computex, a private operating company that does
business as Computex Technology Solutions. In connection with the Computex Business Combination, the Company changed its name to American
Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. 

On December 1, 2020, we acquired Kandy from Ribbon,
by acquiring certain assets, assuming certain liabilities and acquiring all of the outstanding interests of Kandy Communications LLC. 

Kandy, a provider of cloud-based enterprise services,
globally deploys a white-label, carrier-grade cloud-based platform for UCaaS, CPaaS and CCaaS for mid-market and enterprise customers
across a proprietary multi-tenant, highly scalable cloud platform. The Kandy platform provides white-labeled services to a variety of
customers including communications service providers and systems integrators. With Kandy, companies can quickly embed real-time communications
capabilities into their existing applications and business processes. 

Computex, classified within discontinued operations,
is a leading multi-brand technology solutions provider to large global customers, providing a comprehensive and integrated set of technology
solutions, through its extensive hardware, software and value-added service offerings. 

On September 16, 2021, the Company announced
that as a result of a decision by the Company s Board of Directors to explore strategic alternatives previously announced on April
7, 2021, the Board had authorized the Company to focus its strategy on acquisitions and organic growth in its cloud technologies business
as well as to explore strategic opportunities for its IT solutions business, including the divestiture of Computex. The Company believed
that such changes would allow it to optimize resource allocation, focus on core competencies, and improve its ability to invest in areas
of maximal growth potential. 

On January 27, 2022, the Company announced that
it had executed a definitive agreement to sell Computex, and on March 15, 2022, the sale of Computex was consummated, which completed
the Company s transition to a cloud communications company, centered on its Kandy platform. In connection with the then pending
sale of Computex, Computex was classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021, and its operations for current and prior periods were
separated and classified as discontinued operations. Accordingly, this management s discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations primarily focuses on the Kandy segment and the Company s corporate activities. Therefore, unless otherwise
indicated, amounts discussed herein, exclude Computex. Net proceeds from the sale of Computex, after payment of closing and certain other
obligations were used for working capital and general business purposes. 

16 

On August 25, 2022, the Company announced that
it had retained Northland Capital Markets to advise the Company in connection with a comprehensive strategic review process that could
lead to the sale of the Company or selected assets. 

During 2022, the Company continued to explore
strategic opportunities, including the rationalization of resource allocation and core competencies. Further, the Company took actions
that it believed resulted in significant cost savings. Such savings were generated from selective reductions in workforce and negotiated
conversions of certain material vendor support costs from fixed to variable, thereby eliminating certain cost burdens related to unused
capacity. In addition, the Company obtained strategic and operating restructuring support services of certain capital advisors. 

Additionally, during 2022, the Company projected
and announced that it would need additional capital to fund its operations including research development and capital investment
requirements until the Company scaled to a revenue level that would permit cash self-sufficiency. Such factors raised substantial
doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. The projection was based on the Company s forecasts
regarding product sales and service, cost structure, cash burn rate and other operating assumptions. During 2022, the Company was forced
to scale back operations and, as more fully discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, on January 11, 2023, the Company filed for Chapter 11 and, on March 10, 2023, the Sellers and the Purchaser executed the
Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Sellers agreed to sell substantially all of the assets of the Company for a cash purchase price
of 6.8 million (See Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements). On March 15, 2023, the Court entered an order authorizing the
Asset Sale pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. On March 24, 2023, the Asset Sale closed, thereby completing the disposition
of substantially all of the Company s assets. As identified in the Plan filed with the Court on March 21, 2023, and subject to
Court approval, the Company anticipates that there will be no proceeds available for distribution to the Company s stockholders
and that the Company s outstanding securities shall be cancelled upon confirmation of the Plan. 

The description of the Company s business
and result of operations contained herein reflects the Company s operation of its business prior to the completion of the Asset
Sale on March 24, 2023. As a result of the Asset Sale, the Company no longer has any operations, other than those relating to the wind
down of its business and completion of the Chapter 11 process. 

Nature of revenue categories discussed
below: 

C loud subscription and software revenue
include subscriptions to the Company s cloud-based technology platform, and revenue from the Company s on-premise software. 

Professional and managed services revenue
include services for deployment, configuration, system integration, optimization, customer training and education. 

Financial statement presentation and results
of operations 

The consolidated financial statements of the
Company include the accounts of AVCT and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. In the discussion below, the year ended December 31, 2022 and
the year ended December 2021 will be referred to as FY 2022 and FY 2021, respectively. 

17 

FY 2022 versus FY 2021 (in thousands) 

FY 2022 
 FY 2021 
 
 Revenues: 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Cloud subscription and software 
 15,612 
 16,930 
 
 Managed and professional services 
 1,155 
 3,119 
 
 Other 
 44 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 16,811 
 20,049 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 18,372 
 16,181 
 
 Gross (loss) profit 
 (1,561 
 3,868 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 10,468 
 28,995 
 
 Research and development 
 15,604 
 17,916 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 29,533 
 36,405 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (57,166 
 (79,448 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 35,903 
 (19,608 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 721 
 - 
 
 Interest expense (1) 
 (20,364 
 (31,705 
 
 Other income 
 931 
 (93 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 17,191 
 (51,406 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (39,975 
 (130,854 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 (548 
 - 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations, net of tax 
 (40,523 
 (130,854 
 
 Net income (loss) on discontinued operations, net of tax 
 724 
 (30,532 
 
 Net loss 
 (39,799 
 (161,386 

(1) Interest expense in FY 2022 and 2021 include related party
interest of 764 and 14,958, respectively 

Net loss from continuing operations, net of
tax 

Net loss from continuing operations, net of tax,
for FY 2022 was 40.5 million compared with 130.9 million in FY 2021. Discussed in the paragraphs below are the revenue and expense
factors that primarily contributed to the net loss change. However, the net loss from continuing operations, net of tax, for FY 2021
was impacted by the following noncash items, relative to FY 2022: 

Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 

Expense (income) 
 Change 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets 
 10,468 
 28,995 
 (18,527 
 
 Depreciation 
 2,029 
 1,275 
 754 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 - 
 2,752 
 (2,752 
 
 Amortization of Convertible Debenture discount 
 - 
 9,253 
 (9,253 
 
 Interest on convertible debt paid-in-kind 
 - 
 8,257 
 (8,257 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 1,763 
 8,629 
 (6,866 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (35,903 
 19,608 
 (55,511 
 
 Amortization and write-off of deferred financing costs 
 4,715 
 1,143 
 3,572 
 
 Noncash financing fees 
 4,650 
 5,948 
 (1,298 

(12,278 
 85,860 
 (98,138 

18 

Cloud subscription and software revenue 

Cloud subscription and software revenue, which
represents revenue from subscriptions to the Company s cloud-based technology platform as well as revenue from the Company s
on-premise software, was 15.6 million in FY 2022 compared with 16.9 million in FY 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the termination
of a reseller agreement, in August 2022, in connection with a settlement agreement entered into with Ribbon (See Note 11 of the consolidated
financial statements). Such decrease was partially offset by increased UCaaS business from 4 of our customers. 

Managed and professional services revenue 

Managed and professional services revenue, which
was also negatively impacted by the termination of the reseller agreement discussed above, was 1.2 million in FY 2022 compared with
 3.1 million in FY 2021. 

Total revenue, cost of revenue and gross margin 

Aggregate revenue for all product lines together
was 16.8 million in FY 2022 compared with 20.0 million in FY 2021. 

Cost of revenue increased 2.2 million or 13.5 
from 16.2 million in FY 2021 to 18.4 million in FY 2022, due primarily to a 2.7 million increase in platform software support and
a 1.9 million increase in employee-related costs, partially offset by a 1.4 million decrease in amortization of intangibles and a 1.1
million decrease in certain consultant and outside services. 

The gross margin in FY 2022 was negative due
to a combination of decreased revenues and higher costs of revenue. Costs of revenue are primarily fixed. 

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible
assets 

Goodwill impairment of 10.5 million was assessed
early in FY 2022, primarily as a result of Kandy s performance being significantly below forecasts. 

The noncash impairment charges recorded in FY
2021 are discussed in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and were related to goodwill of the Kandy reporting
unit and Kandy s other intangible assets. The impairment of Kandy s goodwill and other intangible assets resulted from a
quantitative impairment analysis during the Company s December 2021 impairment assessment, after an evaluation based on certain
factors considered to be triggering events, such as changes in Kandy s forecasts. As a result of the quantitative assessment, the
Company recorded an impairment charge to goodwill and intangible assets of 13.7 million and 15.3 million, respectively. 

Research and development 

For FY 2022 and FY 2021, research and development
expenses were 15.6 million and 17.9 million, respectively. The decrease of 2.3 million, or 12.9 , was primarily due to reductions
in salaries and related costs, which reflect the impact of recent cost saving efforts. 

19 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
for FY 2022 and FY 2021 consisted of the components in the following table (in thousands): 

Increase 

FY 2022 
 FY 2021 
 (decrease) 
 
 Salaries, benefits, subcontracting 
 personnel administration costs 
 12,375 
 23,526 
 (11,151 
 
 Building occupancy costs, utilities, office supplies repairs and maintenance 
 819 
 712 
 107 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 1,285 
 2,762 
 (1,477 
 
 Professional fees 
 8,385 
 5,624 
 2,761 
 
 Insurance 
 2,769 
 2,166 
 603 
 
 ERP/CRM implementation costs 
 2,355 
 - 
 2,355 
 
 Other 
 1,545 
 1,615 
 (70 

29,533 
 36,405 
 (6,872 

(1) Refers to the enterprise resource planning/customer
 relationship management system 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
was 29.5 million and 36.4 million in FY 2022 and FY 2021, respectively, a decrease of 6.9 million or 18.9 . 

The salaries and related costs component of selling,
general and administrative expenses decreased due to a reduction in corporate headcount including at the executive level along with a
related reduction in stock compensation expenses. Excluding stock compensation expense, corporate salaries and related costs decreased
 5.9 million in FY 2022, compared with FY 2021, while such costs at the Kandy business unit increased 0.3 million. As previously indicated,
the decrease in salaries was impacted by the inclusion, in FY 2021, of 3.1 million of termination expenses in connection with a reduction
in headcount. The stock compensation expense component of selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 6.0 million in Fiscal
2022, compared with Fiscal 2021 due to the reduction in corporate executive headcount and lower stock prices that impacted the fair value
of new awards. 

The professional fees component of selling, general
and administrative expenses increased 2.8 million, from 5.6 million in FY 2021 to 8.4 million in Fiscal 2022, due to a combination
of i) increased financing activities that required the services of legal and other professionals as well as ii) an increase in financial
advisory professional fees. As discussed previously, the Company undertook a number of financing transactions during FY 2022. Also, as
previously discussed, the Company has obtained strategic and operating restructuring support services of capital advisors in support
of its strategic, operating and capital restructuring initiatives, which has resulted in increased non-recurring legal and financial
advisory professional expenses. 

ERP/CRM implementation costs began being expensed
in May 2022 as a new ERP/CRM system went live effective May 1, 2022. Prior to May 2022, such costs were deferred as the ERP/CRM system
was in the development phase. 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

The change in the fair value of warrant liabilities
represent mark-to-market fair value adjustments related to certain warrants, and primarily fluctuate due to changes in and the volatility
of the Company s stock price. The fair value changes of each warrant were as follows in FY 2022 and FY 2021 (in thousands): 

FY 2022 
 FY 2021 

Income (expense) 
 
 Series A Warrants 
 8,133 
 (7,834 
 
 Series B Warrants 
 - 
 (2,296 
 
 Series C Warrants 
 - 
 675 
 
 Series D Warrants 
 13,469 
 (9,688 
 
 Monroe Warrants 
 4,901 
 (2,394 
 
 February 2022 Warrants 
 6,676 
 - 
 
 2017 Private Placement and EBC Warrants 
 2,724 
 1,929 

35,903 
 (19,608 

20 

Interest expense 

Interest expense for FY 2022 and FY 2021 consisted
of the following (in thousands): 

FY 2022 
 FY 2021 
 
 Interest expense and financing fees - Credit Agreement 
 6,870 
 9,131 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs and issue discount - February 2022 Warrants 
 1,431 
 - 
 
 Interest and extension fee on related party promissory note 
 764 
 1,986 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs and discount - Series B Preferred Stock 
 844 
 - 
 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs and discount - Convertible Notes 
 3,171 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debenture discount and debenture deferred fees 
 - 
 9,881 
 
 Debenture interest paid-in-kind 
 - 
 8,257 
 
 Financing charges due to a triggering event related to a floor price, as defined - Series B Preferred Stock 
 7,141 
 - 
 
 Hudson Bay waiver fee 
 - 
 2,000 
 
 Other 
 143 
 450 

20,364 
 31,705 

Interest expense was 20.4 million in FY 2022
compared with 31.7 million in FY 2021, a decrease of 11.3 million. Substantially all of such charges are not expected to recur due
to the following: 

i) In aggregate, 11.2 million of the 20.3 million incurred
during FY 2022 relate to financing charges and amortization of deferred charges relating to the Series B Preferred Stock and the Convertible
Notes. All amounts outstanding and all obligations under the Series B Preferred Stock and the Convertible Notes have since been repaid 

ii) An aggregate 6.9 million of the 20.3 million incurred during
FY 2022 related to the Credit Agreement which was fully repaid on March 1, 2022 

iii) An aggregate 1.4 million of the 20.3 million incurred during
FY 2022 was attributable to the February Warrants which have been converted to common stock 

iv) Debenture-related charges incurred in FY 2021 of 18.1 million,
relate to Debentures which were fully converted to common stock FY 2021 

v) The related party promissory note was repaid in FY 2022. 

Other income (expense) 

Other income of 0.9 million in FY 2022 consists
of the gain of 1.7 million recorded in connection with the Ribbon Settlement Agreement (See Note 11 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements), partially offset by other expenses of 0.8 million. Other income for FY 2021 was nominal. 

Net income (loss) on discontinued operations,
net of tax 

Discontinued operations relate to Computex, which
was sold in March 2022. Net income on discontinued operations, net of tax, for FY 2022 was 0.7 million compared with a net loss on discontinued
operations, net of tax, in FY 2021 of 30.5 million. The loss in FY 2021 was primarily a result of a 32.1 million impairment charge
recorded in Fiscal 2021 within the Computex business unit, in connection with the pending sale of Computex at that time. 

Provision for income taxes 

The Company assesses available positive and negative evidence to estimate
whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit the use of existing deferred tax assets. A significant component
of objective negative evidence identified during management s evaluation was the three-year cumulative loss for FY 2022 and FY 2021.
Such objective negative evidence outweighed the positive evidence identified by the Company. On the basis of this evaluation, the Company
maintained a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In 2022, the Company identified uncertain tax positions
relating to its domestic and foreign operations and recorded liabilities for the uncertain tax benefits 

21 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

Historically, the Company s primary sources of liquidity have
been cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations (when available) and cash flows from financing activities, including funding
under credit agreements and the sale of equity securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an aggregate cash balance of 12.6
million in its operating bank accounts and net working capital of 15.3 million. As of March 31, 2023, aggregate cash in the Company s
operating bank accounts was 13.3 million. 

During 2022, the Company projected and announced
that it would need additional capital to fund its operations including research development and capital investment requirements.
The Company also announced that it was pursuing strategic initiatives that could result in a sale of all or a portion of the assets of
the Company. In addition, the Company continued to explore strategic opportunities, including the rationalization of resource allocation
and core competencies. Further, the Company took actions that it believed resulted in significant cost savings. Such savings were generated
from selective reductions in workforce and negotiated conversions of certain material vendor support costs from fixed to variable, thereby
eliminating certain cost burdens related to unused capacity. Additionally, the Company obtained strategic and operating restructuring
support services of certain capital advisors. On January 11, 2023, the Company filed for Chapter 11 and, in March 2023, entered into
an agreement to sell substantially all of the assets of the Company. On March 15, 2023, the Court entered an order authorizing the Asset
Sale pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. On March 24, 2023, the Asset Sale closed, thereby completing the disposition of
substantially all of the Company s assets. 

After the consummation of the sale, the Company
plans to pursue steps to facilitate an orderly winding up of its remaining operations and believes it has sufficient liquidity to achieve
such. However, no assurance can be provided that such projections will be realized. 

Cash balances and working capital noted above
were impacted by the following recent transactions. 

The entry into and subsequent
repayment of the Credit Agreement with Monroe, which was entered into on December 2, 2021, for a 27 million term loan facility, to fund
working capital, general business activities and to pay off amounts owing under a prior credit agreement 12.8 million) that the Company
previously assumed when it acquired Computex. Interest on the Credit Agreement was payable monthly at the rate of 12 per annum. However,
the lenders under the Credit Agreement were guaranteed a minimum return of 7.3 million. On March 1, 2022, all amounts owing under the
Credit Agreement were repaid, including the unpaid amounts of the minimum return. 

The issuance and repayment
of a 5.0 million subordinated promissory note (the 2021 Note ), which was entered into on September 16, 2021, which was
secured by an affiliate of a shareholder that owned more than five percent of the Company s common stock and which was repaid on
March 15, 2022. The 2021 Note, which had a minimum return of 25 , became due on March 1, 2022, due to the Company s sale of registered
equity securities and the early pay-off of the Credit Agreement. However, for a waiver fee of 250,000, the lender extended the maturity
date to May 1, 2022, and on March 15, 2022, the 2021 Note was paid in full using proceeds received from the sale of Computex. 

The receipt of gross proceeds
of 5.0 million (before deduction of offering costs), in November 2021, from the sale to an institutional investor in a registered direct
offering, of 166,666 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 2.00 per share. In addition to the 166,666 shares of the
Company s common stock, the buyer received certain warrants. In December, the Company received an additional 5.0 million in gross
proceeds from the subsequent exercise of one group of the warrants. 

The repayment of a subordinated
note of 0.5 million along with related accrued interest in November 2021. 

22 

The receipt of gross proceeds
of 25.0 million (before deduction of offering costs), in December 2021, from the sale of securities consisting of 522,666 shares of
common stock, 12,456 units of convertible preferred stock and certain warrants. 

The receipt of gross proceeds
of 15.0 million on March 1, 2022, representing the first tranche of a sale of securities in connection with a February 28, 2022 securities
purchase agreement (the February 2022 Purchase Agreement entered into with a buyer. 

The sale in April 2022 of additional
securities, which resulted in net cash proceeds of 9.9 million. 

Cash financing charges of 2.8
million paid to the previous holders of the Series B Preferred Stock as a result of the Company s stock price falling below a stipulated
floor price, as defined in the Series B Preferred Stock agreement 

the sale of 4,515,000 shares
of the Company s common stock, in September 2022, for net proceeds of 14.3 million, after deducting commission and other offering
costs 

Increased payments for legal,
professional and advisory fees in 2022 and early 2023 

The consummation, on October
20, 2022, of a securities purchase agreement entered into with two institutional accredited investors, which netted cash proceeds of
 9.3 million, and which related to the sale of (i) an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, in a registered
direct offering and (ii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise
price of 1.80 per share, in a concurrent private placement, for a combined purchase price of 2.00 per share 

Cash of 2.5 million received
in connection with the Ribbon Settlement Agreement. 

The Company believes that current cash balances,
accounts receivable collections, funds held in escrow and proceeds from the sale of substantially all its assets will provide sufficient
liquidity to fund the Company s remaining activities through the anticipated liquidation date. However, there is no assurance that
such projections will be achieved. This projection is based on the Company s current expectations. 

Cash flows 

Net cash used in continuing operating activities
was 64.1 million and 47.4 million in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively, and primarily consisted of cash used in Kandy s
operating activities (including its research and development activities), interest and certain financing costs, professional fees, insurance
premiums and corporate support costs. Interest and financing costs included cash interest and other financing costs of 10.9 million
primarily related to the Credit Agreement that was repaid in the 1 st quarter of 2022 as well as 2.8 million in financing
charges that were paid to the previous holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Investing activities 

Cash provided by continuing
investing activities was 1.3 million in Fiscal 2022. Cash used in investing activities was 3.9 million in Fiscal 2021. Cash provided
by continuing investing activities for Fiscal 2022 consisted of proceeds from the sale of certain software rights of 2.5 million, partially
offset by 0.9 million of deferred development costs on the enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management system
(commonly referred to as ERP and CRM systems) and other capital spending of 0.3 million. For FY 2021, cash used in continuing investing
activities consisted of 0.9 million of deferred development costs on the ERP and CRM system and 3.0 million on other capital spending. 

23 

Financing activities 

Cash provided by continuing financing activities
was 13.5 million in Fiscal 2022 and primarily consisted of proceeds from the issuance of securities of 48.7 million, partially offset
by debt repayments of 33.9 million and payment of deferred financing fees of 1.2 million. 

Cash provided by continuing financing activities
was 71.9 million in Fiscal 2021 and consisted primarily of proceeds of 27.8 million from the issuance of securities, 27.0 million
from issuance of debt, 24.0 million from the issuance of Debentures, 5.0 million from the issuance of a promissory note, and 5.0 million
from the exercise of warrants, partially offset by 1.1 million of tax payment for withheld shares associated with vested restricted
stock units issued under the Company s equity incentive plan, payment of deferred financing fees of 1.9 million and debt repayments
of 13.9 million. 

Cash flows from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by discontinued operations
consisted of the following: 

FY 2022 
 FY 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (5,291 
 5,148 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 31,948 
 (1,012 
 
 Net cash provided by discontinued operations 
 26,657 
 4,136 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and had not guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities
or entered into any options on non-financial assets. 

Critical Accounting Policies, Judgements and Estimates 

This discussion of critical
accounting policies, judgments and estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and other disclosures
included elsewhere in this annual report. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could differ
materially from those estimates. Currently, we believe the accounting policies that involve the most significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include those relating to revenue recognition, accounting for warrants,
accounting for income taxes, the recognition and impairment evaluation relating to tangible and intangible assets, and accounting for
share-based compensation. We discuss some of these policies below. The ones not discussed below are discussed in Note 3 of the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Revenue recognition 

Revenue from contracts with customers are not
recorded until the Company has the approval and commitment from the parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms
are established, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of the consideration is probable. The Company also evaluates
the following indicators, amongst others, when determining whether it is acting as a principal in the transaction (and therefore whether
to record revenue on a gross basis): (i) whether the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified
good or service, (ii) whether the Company has the inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer
or after transfer of control to the customer and (iii) whether the Company has the discretion to establish the price for the specified
good or service. If the terms of a transaction do not indicate that the Company is acting as a principal in the transaction, then the
Company is acting as an agent in the transaction and therefore, the associated revenue is recognized on a net basis (that is revenue
net of costs). 

24 

Revenue is recognized once control passes to
the customer. The following indicators are evaluated in determining when control has passed to the customer: (i) whether the Company
has a right to payment for the product or service, (ii) whether the customer has legal title to the product, (iii) whether the Company
has transferred physical possession of the product to the customer, (iv) whether the customer has the significant risk and rewards of
ownership of the product and (v) whether the customer has accepted the product. The Company s products can be delivered to customers
in a variety of ways, including (i) physical shipment from the Company s warehouse, (ii) via drop-shipment by the vendor or supplier
or (iii) via electronic delivery of keys for software licenses. The Company s shipping terms typically allow for the Company to recognize
revenue when the product is shipped to the customer s location. 

When an arrangement contains more than one performance
obligation, the Company will allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis.
The Company utilizes the observable price of goods and services when they are sold separately to similar customers in order to estimate
standalone selling price. 

Cloud subscription and software revenue 

Revenue from subscriptions to Kandy s cloud-based
technology platform is recognized on a ratable basis over the contractual subscription term beginning on the date that the platform is
made available to the customer until the end of the contractual period. Payments received in advance of subscription services are recorded
as deferred revenue; revenue recognized for services rendered in advance of payments received are recorded as contract assets. Usage
fees, when bundled, are billed in advance and recognized on a ratable basis over the contractual subscription term, which is usually
the monthly contractual billing period. Non-bundled usage fees are recognized as actual usage occurs. 

The Company also recognizes revenue for term-based
software licenses and has concluded that its software licenses are functional intellectual property that are distinct, as the user can
benefit from the software on its own. The software license revenue is typically recognized upon transfer of control or when the software
is made available for download, as this is the point at which the user of the software can direct the use of, and obtain substantially
all of the remaining benefits from, the functional intellectual property. 

Managed and professional services 

Professional and managed services revenue include
services for deployment, configuration, system integration, optimization, customer training and education. In these arrangements, the
Company satisfies the performance obligations and recognizes revenue over time. 

Such professional services are provided under
both time and materials and fixed price contracts. When services are provided on a time and materials basis, the Company recognizes revenues
at agreed-upon billing rates as services are performed. When services are provided on a fixed fee basis, the Company recognizes revenues
over time in proportion to the Company s progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation. 

In arrangements for managed services, the Company s
arrangement is typically a single performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and
that have the same pattern of transfer (i.e., distinct days of service). The Company typically recognizes revenue from these services
on a straight-line basis over the period services are provided, which is consistent with the timing of services rendered. 

25 

When services do not meet certain service levels
of commitments, customers are entitled to receive service credits, and in certain cases, refunds, each representing a form of variable
consideration. Kandy historically has not experienced any significant incidents affecting the defined levels of reliability and performance
as required by its subscription contracts. Therefore, the variable consideration has been insignificant and there are no reserves for
such service credits as of December 31, 2022. 

Contract liabilities 

Contract liabilities (or deferred or unearned
revenue) are recognized when cash payments are received or due in advance of the Company s performance obligations. 

We consider revenue recognition to be a critical
accounting policy and one that involves critical accounting estimates because of the materiality of this item to our financial statements
and the level of judgement involved. Judgement is required in some of the factors discussed above including whether we are acting as
a principal or an agent, the determination of when risk effectively passes to the customer, the determination of the price expected to
be collected from the customer, the determination of whether revenue from certain software sales should be recognized as a single performance
obligation or whether certain software support should be recognized as a separate performance obligation, and the assessment of whether
the third-party delivered software support is critical or essential to the core functionality of the software itself. 

Goodwill and intangibles impairment assessment 

The Company reviews its long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or circumstances exist that indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable.
The recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset or asset group to the future
undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset group. If the asset or asset group is considered to be impaired, an impairment
loss is recorded to adjust the carrying amounts to the estimated fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded
impairment of intangible assets of 15.3 million relating to the Kandy reporting unit based on a comparison of the reporting unit s
fair value with its carrying value. The excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over the estimated fair value was first allocated
to the intangibles and then to goodwill. Fair value was determined using the income approach. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least
annually, in December, or more frequently if a triggering event occurs between impairment testing dates. As of December 31, 2021, the
Company had two operating segments and two reporting units for the purpose of evaluating goodwill impairment. 

The Company s impairment assessment begins with
a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying
value. Qualitative factors may include, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and other relevant
entity and Company specific events. If, based on the qualitative test, the Company determines that it is more likely than not 
that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then the
Company evaluates goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its respective carrying value, including
its goodwill . If it is determined that it is not likely that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its
carrying value, then no further testing is required. 

The selection and assessment of qualitative factors
used to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value involves significant
judgment and estimates. Fair values may be determined using a combination of both income and market-based approaches. 

26 

As indicated in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, in connection with the planned sale of Computex, the Company recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge of 32.1
million during the year ended December 31, 2021 which represents the excess of the carrying value of the Computex reporting unit over
the expected sale proceeds less costs to sell. As indicated above, impairment of Kandy s goodwill was also recorded during the
year ended December 31, 2021. Goodwill impairment of the Kandy reporting unit was 13.7 million. 

Warrants 

On July 27, 2017, the Company entered into certain
Warrant Purchase Agreements with each of Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ),
and certain other investors (collectively, the Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Purchasers purchased an aggregate of
700,833 warrants (including the full over-allotment amount) in connection with and simultaneously with the closing of the IPO (the 2017
Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 15.00 per Private Placement Warrant. 

On or about August 1, 2017, in the IPO, the Company
sold units of the Company s equity securities, each such unit consisting of one share of Common Stock, one-half of one Public Warrant
and one-tenth of one right to acquire one share of the Company s common stock upon the closing of the initial business combination
(the Units and, in connection therewith, issued and delivered 1,035,000 warrants to public investors in the Offering (the
 Public Warrants ). In addition, 45,000 warrants, underlying unit purchase options issued to the underwriters of the IPO
and certain of their designees (the 2017 EBC Warrants ), were issuable. The 2017 EBC Warrants together with the 2017 Private
Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants are collectively referred to as the 2017 Warrants. Each whole 2017 Warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one share of the Company s common stock for 172.50 per share, subject to adjustments. In addition
to the 45,000 warrants, the unit purchase options, which expired in July 2022, entitled the holders to receive 99,000 shares of common
stock for an exercise price of 150 per unit. 

As of December 31, 2022, a total of 1,035,000
Public Warrants and 700,833 of the 2017 Private Placement Warrants remained outstanding. 

The 2017 Private Placement Warrants are exercisable
on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial Purchasers or their
permitted transferees. Public Warrants and any 2017 Private Placement Warrants that are transferred to nonpermitted transferees are redeemable
at the option of the Company and are not exercisable on a cashless basis. 

The Company evaluated the 2017 Warrants under
ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , and concluded that the 2017 Private Placement
Warrants and the 2017 EBC Warrants did not meet the criteria to be classified in stockholders equity. A recent SEC Statement focused
in part on provisions in warrant agreements that provide for potential changes to the settlement amounts dependent upon the characteristics
of the warrant holder and because the holder of a warrant is not an input into the pricing of a fixed-for-fixed option on equity shares,
such provision precluded the 2017 Private Placement Warrants and 2017 EBC Warrants from being classified in equity and therefore the
2017 Private Placement Warrants and 2017 EBC Warrants were classified as liabilities at fair value, with subsequent changes in fair values
recognized in earnings at each reporting date. The 2017 Private Placement Warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes pricing model as
described in Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Changes in the fair value of such Warrants requires significant
judgment, including the determination of the appropriate valuation model to use and the inputs to the valuation model. 

Accounting for income taxes 

Under the Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC No. 740 ASC No. 740 ), income tax expense is
recorded for the amount of income tax payable or refundable for the current period and for the change in net deferred tax assets or liabilities
resulting from events that are recorded for financial reporting purposes in a different reporting period than recorded in the tax return.
We make significant assumptions, judgments, and estimates in the determination of our provision for income taxes and also our deferred
tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances. 

Our judgments, assumptions, and estimates relating
to the current tax provision take into account current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax laws, allowable deductions, tax credits,
and possible outcomes of current and future tax audits. We do not recognize a tax benefit unless we conclude that it is more likely than
not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position.
If the recognition threshold is met, we recognize a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of the tax benefit that, in our judgment,
is greater than a 50 percent likelihood of realization. Changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of current
and future tax audits could materially impact the amounts provided for income taxes. Our assumptions, judgments, and estimates relative
to the value of our net deferred tax assets take into account predictions of the amount and category of future taxable income. Actual
operating results and the underlying amount and category of income in future years could render our current assumptions, judgments, and
estimates inaccurate, thus materially impacting our financial position and results of operations. 

27 

Share-based compensation 

The Company accounts for share-based compensation
in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation , which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation
expense, based on estimated fair values, for share-based awards made to employees and directors. Based on the grant date fair value of
the award, the Company recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period or performance period on a straight-line basis,
and accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 

Significant judgement is required in the estimation
of fair values of stock awards. For the restricted stock awards with a time-based vesting condition, the fair value is determined by
reference to the Company s stock price on the grant date. A portion of the Company s restricted stock awards are performance-based
with a market condition that must be met for the award to vest. For those restricted stock awards, the fair value is estimated using
a Monte Carlo simulation model, whereby the fair value of such awards is fixed at the grant date and amortized over the shorter of the
remaining performance or service period. The Monte Carlo simulation valuation model utilizes the following assumptions: expected stock
price volatility, expected life of the awards and a risk-free interest rate. Significant judgment is required in estimating the
expected volatility of our common stock. Due to the limited trading history of the Company s common stock, estimated volatility
was based on a peer group of public companies and took into consideration the increased short-term volatility in historical data due
to COVID-19. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Issued and
Adopted 

See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Foreign exchange risk 

Our business is primarily conducted within US
markets. Though there is some exposure to currency fluctuations, we do not currently consider exchange rate fluctuations to be a material
factor in terms of its impact on our consolidated financial statements. International revenues in Fiscal 2022 was 30.6 of Kandy revenues. 

Interest rate risk 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no significant
interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-37 following
Item 16, which comprise a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

28 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon their evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15
(e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance
that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s Report
on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control
over financial reporting is a process used to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the
preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes
policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization
of our board of directors and management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

An internal control system over financial reporting
has inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting
process. Therefore, it is possible to design safeguards into the process to reduce, though not fully eliminate, risk. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Controls Integrated Framework. Based
on our management s assessment and those criteria, our management believes that we maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting as the Company is exempted
from the requirement. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspection 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Lawrence E. Mock, Jr. 
 
 75 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Kevin Keough 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Darrell J. Mays 
 
 57 
 
 Executive Vice Chairman and Director 
 
 Adrian Foltz 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Onex Evans 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Mark Downs 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 U. Bertram Ellis, Jr. 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Carolyn Byrd 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 Karl Krapek 
 
 72 
 
 Director 
 
 Dennis Lockhart 
 
 76 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Klaas Baks 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Kent Mathy 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert Willis 
 
 54 
 
 Director and Vice Chairman Capital Markets 
 
 Charles Sweet 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Lawrence E. Mock, Jr. , was appointed Chairman
of the Board on August 22, 2022, and has been a member of the Board since April 2017. Mr. Mock is a former director of Computex and is
currently Managing Partner of Navigation, which he founded in partnership with Goldman Sachs in 2006. Mr. Mock also serves as a director
of Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ). From 1995 to 2006, he served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Mellon Ventures, Inc., which he founded in partnership with Mellon Financial Corporation,
to make private equity and venture capital investments in operating companies. From 1983 to 1995, Mr. Mock was Chief Executive Officer
of River Capital, Inc., a company he founded. He holds a Master of Science degree from Florida State University and a Bachelor of Arts
degree from Harvard College. 

Kevin Keough was appointed Chief Executive
Officer in August 2022. Previously, he served as our President starting in July 2021 and as our Chief Transformation Officer between
April 2022 to August 2022. Mr. Keough has served as Managing Director, Operations, for Navigation Capital Partners, Inc. Navigation ),
an Atlanta-based private equity firm, since March 2021. Prior to joining Navigation, from October 2020 to March 2021, Mr. Keough was
an independent management consultant, serving clients on a range of consulting engagements. From October 2017 to September 2020, he was
the Managing Director and Head of Post-Acquisition for Investcorp s North American Private Equity Group. Prior to joining Investcorp,
from 2006 to September 2017, he had been with Arcapita Investment Management and its predecessor firm, Arcapita Inc., ultimately serving
in the role of Managing Director and Global Head of Portfolio Management. Before his move into private equity, Mr. Keough spent seven
years as a senior executive with FirstEnergy Corporation, a public energy company headquartered in Akron, Ohio. During this period, he
held several corporate strategic planning and shared services roles, and served as President of the Ohio Edison Company. He had been
a Management Consultant for ten years in the Cleveland Office of McKinsey Company, Inc, serving as a partner and leader in the
Firm s North American Energy Practice. Mr. Keough holds an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business and a BS in Engineering
Mechanics, with honors, from the United States Military Academy at West Point. 

Darrell J. Mays, Executive Vice Chairman
and Director , has served on our board of directors since July 2017, and was our Chief Executive Officer between July 2021 and
August 2022 and also between July 2017 and September 30, 2020. He was the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of nsoro, a turnkey wireless
installation services provider, from 2003 to 2008, which was acquired by MasTec in August 2008. Mr. Mays has served as an executive of
MasTec since 2008, during which period the revenues and EBITDA of MasTec s communications division, of which nsoro is a component,
increased to approximately 2.3 billion and 245.0 million in 2016, respectively. Mr. Mays holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business
from Georgia State University. 

30 

Adrian Foltz has served as our Chief Financial
Officer since September 2022. Mr. Foltz previously served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company s Kandy Communications business
starting in April 2021. From September 2020 to March 2021, Mr. Foltz served as Interim Controller for Education Networks of America,
later acquired by Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. ENA, ), and from November 2019 to September 2020, Mr. Foltz was ENA s
Finance Leader and ERP Project Manager. Mr. Foltz was a consultant for Envision Healthcare (Addison Group) from November 2018 to November
2019. Prior to that, Mr. Foltz was a consultant for ENA from August 2018 to November 2018. From June 2016 to May 2018, Mr. Foltz served
as Director of Accounting at Correct Care Solutions CCS ), later acquired by Wellpath. From March 2015 to May 2016, Mr.
Foltz was a consultant at CCS. Mr. Foltz is a licensed CPA, and holds a BS in Accounting from Missouri State University and an MBA from
the University of Florida. 

Onex Evans has served as our Chief Accounting
Officer since September 2022. Previously, she served as Vice President, Corporate Controller Reporting, and between June 2020 and
March 2021 was Director, SEC Financial Reporting. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Evans was a financial reporting consultant
for Inspire Brands between July 2019 and June 2020. Between June 2018 and June 2019, Ms. Evans served as SEC Financial Reporting Manager
for Manhattan Associates, Inc. Ms. Evans was an SEC reporting consultant for The Home Depot, Inc. from December 2017 to June 2018. Prior
to joining The Home Depot, Inc., Ms. Evans was an SEC Financial Reporting Manager at Advance Pierre Foods Holdings, Inc between November
2016 and November 2017. Ms. Evans began her career in public accounting, including audit roles with PwC and both its legacy firms. She
is a licensed CPA and holds a BS and MS in Accounting from the University of the West Indies. 

Mark Downs has served on our board of
directors since April 2020 and is the founder of Navigation, a private equity firm where he has served as a partner since January 2007.
Mr. Downs has in excess of 20 years of experience serving on for profit boards of directors as a control investor. Mr. Downs served as
a director of Computex, Inc. from January 2017 to April 2020 a director of Stratos from January 2017 to April 2020 a director
of Holdings from January 2017 to April 2020 a director of Michon, Inc. (d/b/a Definition6) from July 2015 to the present 
a director of Brown Integrated Logistics, Inc. from January 2017 to the present a director of Brightwell Payments, Inc. from May
2015 to Present and a director of Five Star Food Service, Inc. from October 2016 to March 2019. Mr. Downs holds a Bachelor s
degree in Economics from the University of Pittsburgh and a Master s of Management degree from Northwestern University. 

U. Bertram Ellis, Jr. has served on our
board of directors as an independent director since July 2017. He has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Ellis Capital,
a diversified investment firm, since 1984. In addition, Mr. Ellis was the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of ACT III Broadcasting
from 1986 to 1991, which sold for 530 million and Ellis Communication from 1993 to 1996, which sold for 840 million. Mr. Ellis holds
a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Virginia Darden Business School and a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University
of Virginia. 

Carolyn Byrd has served on our board of
directors as an independent director since March 2021. Ms. Byrd formed GlobalTech
Financial, LLC GlobalTech ), a private company specializing in business process outsourcing and financial consulting in
2000 and has since served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to forming GlobalTech, Ms. Byrd had a long career with The
Coca-Cola Company, where she was ultimately appointed Vice President, Chief of Internal Audits and Director of the Corporate Auditing
Department. She served as a Senior Account Officer at Citibank, N.A. prior to joining Coca Cola. Ms. Byrd has served on the board of
directors of Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE: RF) since 2010. She holds a Bachelor s Degree in Economics and Business Administration
from Fisk university and a Master s Degree in Finance and Business Administration from the University of Chicago Graduate School
of Business. 

Karl Krapek has served on our board of
directors as an independent director since July 2017. He has served as the Lead Director at Prudential Financial, Inc. since 2014, and
a Director since 2004, and also as Director of Northrop Grumman Corporation since 2008. From 2002 to 2009, he was the President and Chief
Operations Officer of United Technologies Corporation, or UTC, which has a market capitalization of approximately 90 billion. Mr. Krapek
has served as an Executive Vice President of UTC since 1997 and as a Director of UTC from 1997 to 2007. Mr. Krapek holds a Master of
Science from Purdue University and Bachelor of Science from Kettering University. 

Dennis Lockhart has served on our board
of directors as an independent director since July 2017. He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank
of Atlanta from 2007 to 2017. Earlier, he was a professor at Georgetown University, School of Foreign Service, from 2003 to 2007. Prior
to this, he held senior positions at Heller Financial Inc. and Citicorp (now Citigroup). Mr. Lockhart holds a Master of Arts degree from
Johns Hopkins University and a Bachelor of Arts from Stanford University. 

31 

Dr. Klaas Baks has served on our board
of directors as an independent director since July 2017. He is the Co-Founder and Executive Director of the Emory Center for Alternative
Investments, which was formed in 2008. He also serves as the Atlanta Chair of TIGER 21, which is a peer-to-peer network of high net worth
wealth creators, since 2014. In addition, he has been an Associate Professor in the Practice of Finance at Emory University s Goizueta
Business School since 2002. Dr. Baks has a Doctoral degree from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a Masters of
Arts degree from Brown University. 

Kent Mathy has served on our board of
directors as an independent director since July 2020. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Everbridge Inc. (Nasdaq:EVBG)
and JourneyCare Hospice and formerly served as the President and CEO of Sequential Technology International, a business process outsourcer
serving large enterprises. Mr. Mathy retired in 2016 as AT T Inc. s (NYSE:T) President of the Southeast Region. Previously,
Mr. Mathy served as President of AT T s North Central Region. Prior to that, he was President-Business Markets Group at Cingular
Wireless. Mr. Mathy joined AT T Wireless Services in 2003 as Executive Vice President, leading the Enterprise Solutions Group. Earlier
in his career, Mr. Mathy served as Chairman and CEO of Celox Networks, a telecommunications network equipment company. Before joining
Celox Networks, he was with AT T (prior to its merger with SBC Communications Inc.) for more than 18 years holding numerous management
positions across the United States. 

Mr. Mathy has also served on the Board of Directors
of Ribbon Communications (Nasdaq:RBBN) and Rogers Wireless, a subsidiary of Rogers Communications, Inc. (NYSE:RCI). Mr. Mathy holds a
Bachelor of Business Administration Degree from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh. 

Robert Willis has served on our board
of directors, including as Vice Chairman Capital Markets, since July 2021. Dr. Willis has served as a Managing Partner of the
SPAC Operations Group at Navigation since April 2020. Dr. Willis previously served as the Company s President from April 2016 until
the completion of its initial business combination with Computex in April 2021. Dr. Willis became the President of nsoro in 2007 and
served in that capacity until its acquisition by MasTec in 2008 and, following its acquisition, served in an advisory role from 2010
through July 2016. From December 2013 until December 2015, Dr. Willis served as Chairman of U.S. Shale Solutions, Inc., a shale services
company which he founded in 2013. Prior to nsoro, Dr. Willis served as Chief Executive Officer of Foxcode Inc., a merchant-banking firm.
In July 2004, Dr. Willis founded Gaming VC, S.A., an online gaming enterprise which completed a GBP 81 million initial public offering
in London in 2004, and served as a member of its board and as its Finance Director until 2007. Prior to that, Dr. Willis was the founder
and Chief Executive Officer of Alpine Computer Systems, Inc., a systems integration engineering company established in the 1980s that
grew rapidly and was acquired by Delphi Group plc. in 1996, at which time he became Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
of the parent company. Dr. Willis was awarded a Doctorate in Humane Letters (Hon.) from Newbury College in Boston, MA, in May 2001. 

Charles Sweet has served on our board
of directors since December 15, 2022. Mr. Sweet is President of IRC Consulting, Inc., an independent advisory practice he established
in 1998. He also serves on the advisory council of Cyprium Partners, a private investment firm. He has previously served as Chief Executive
Officer of Bennett Marine, Inc., BMJ Medical Management, Inc., Intrepid USA, Inc., Petropac Solutions, Inc., Physician Health Corporation,
Response Oncology, Inc., Sarcom, Inc. and Snelling Holdings, LLC. Mr. Sweet also currently serves on the boards of two private companies
and has previously served on the boards of numerous companies. 

Designated Directors 

Pursuant to the Computex
Business Combination agreement, until the date on which Holdings or Navigation ceases to beneficially hold an aggregate of 10 of (i)
the shares of our common stock issued to Holdings as partial consideration for the Computex Business Combination and (ii) the shares
of our common stock underlying the PIPE Warrants and the PIPE Debentures issued to Holdings at the Computex Closing (collectively, the
 Designation Shares and such period, the Nomination Period ), Holdings (or if Holdings has been dissolved,
Navigation) has the right to nominate up to three Holdings Designees for election to our board of directors, subject to adjustment as
described below, and we are obligated to nominate each Holdings Designee for election as a director as part of the slate that is included
in the proxy statement (or consent solicitation or similar document) relating to the election of directors and to support the election
of each Holdings Designee. 

As of the date that Computex was acquired, Holdings 
initial Holdings Designees were Messrs. Downs and Mock. During the Nomination Period, if a Holdings Designee ceases to serve as a director
for any reason, Holdings (or if Holdings has been dissolved, Navigation Capital Partners, Inc.) has the right to appoint another individual
to fill such vacancy. During the Nomination Period, if Holdings or Navigation Capital Partners, Inc. ceases to beneficially hold at least
50 of the Designation Shares, for the remainder of the Nomination Period, the number of Holdings Designees will be reduced to two, and
if Holdings or Navigation Capital Partners, Inc. ceases to beneficially hold at least 30 of the Designation Shares, for the remainder
of the Nomination Period, the number of Holdings Designees will be reduced to one. 

32 

Number and Terms of Office
of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is
divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The
term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Ellis, Krapek, Lockhart and Dr. Baks, will expire at the annual
meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ms. Byrd and Messrs. Sweet,
Mays and Mock, will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025. The term of office of the third class of directors,
consisting of Mr. Downs, Mr. Mathy and Mr. Willis, will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023. 

Our officers are elected by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our Bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our Bylaws provide that our officers may consist of
a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and such other officers (including, without
limitation, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having
a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would not interfere with the director s exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Ellis,
Krapek, Lockhart, Baks, Mathy and Sweet and Ms. Byrd are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. 

Committees of the Board
of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees:
an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. 

Audit Committee 

We have an audit committee
comprised of Messrs. Lockhart, Baks and Ms. Byrd, each of whom is an independent director. Mr. Lockhart serves as the Chairman of the
audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Lockhart
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules because he meets the requirement for
past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting or comparable experience. The
responsibilities of our audit committee, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor
 the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included
 in our Form 10-K 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant
 financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management
 policies 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor 

33 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner
 having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law 

reviewing and approving all
related-party transactions 

inquiring and discussing with
management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to
 be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent
 auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for
 the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of
 complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our
 financial statements or accounting policies and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team
 in identifying potential target businesses. 

Nominating Committee 

Our nominating committee consists of Messrs.
Lockhart, Mathy and Krapek, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. The nominating committee
is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers
persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which
are specified in our Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable
or significant achievements in business, education or public service 

should possess the requisite
intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse
perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations and 

should have the highest ethical
standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of our stockholders. 

The nominating committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

34 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee
consists of Messrs. Ellis, Baks and Krapek, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Mr. Krapek
serves as the Chairman of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation
Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on
an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief
Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of
our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation 

reviewing and approving the
compensation of all of our other executive officers 

reviewing our executive compensation
policies and plans 

implementing and administering
our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans 

assisting management in complying
with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements 

approving all special perquisites,
special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees 

if required, producing a report
on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending
changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Code of Ethics and Committee
Charters 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics, our Audit Committee Charter,
our Nominating Committee Charter and our Compensation Committee Charter as exhibits to our registration statement for our initial public
offering. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition,
a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us in writing at 1720 Peachtree Street, Suite 629, Atlanta,
GA 30309 or by telephone at (404) 239-2863. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics
in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to
file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent stockholders are required by regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on copies of such forms received, we believe that, during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial
owners were complied with, except that the following forms were not timely filed: a Form 3 for Mr. Sweet, a Form 4 filed by Ribbon Communications
Inc. reporting the redemption of certain shares and termination of certain warrants, a Form 4 filed by Michael Tessler reporting the
sale of certain shares, and a Form 4 filed by Dennis Lockhart reporting the purchase of certain shares.. 

35 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Summary compensation table 

The following provides,
under the scaled reporting rules applicable to smaller reporting companies, an overview of our compensation policies and programs and
identifies the elements of compensation for Fiscal Year 2022 and 2021, with respect to our named executive officers, which
term is defined by Item 402 of the SEC s Regulation S-K to include (i) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer
at any time during 2022, (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officers who were
serving as executive officers at December 31, 2022 and whose total compensation (excluding nonqualified deferred compensation earnings)
exceeded 100,000, and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to the foregoing
item (ii) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer of the Company at December 31, 2022. Our named
executive officers for 2022 are Kevin Keough, who has served as our Chief Executive Officer since August 2022, Darrell Mays, who served
as our Chief Executive Officer from July 2021 until September 2022, Adrian Foltz, the Company s Chief Financial Officer since September
2022, Onex Evans, the Company s Chief Accounting Officer since September 2022 and Thomas King, the Company s current Chief
of Staff since September 2022 who was previously its Chief Financial Officer. 

Name and principal 
position 
 
 Title 
 
 Year 

Salary 
(1) 

Bonus 
(2) 

Stock 
awards that 
vested in the 
year 
(3) 

All other 
Compensation 
(4) 

Total 

Kevin Keough 
 
 CEO 
 
 2022 

241,667 

175,000 

- 

45,000 

461,667 

Darrell Mays 
 
 previous CEO 
 
 2022 

- 

- 

379,750 

- 

379,750 

2021 

- 

- 

379,750 

- 

379,750 

Adrian Foltz 
 
 CFO 
 
 2022 

216,667 

83,750 

35,688 

18,000 

354,105 

Onex Evans 
 
 CAO 
 
 2022 

216,867 

83,750 

46,688 

18,000 

365,305 

Thomas King 
 
 Chief of Staff 
 
 2022 

420,000 

- 

112,500 

- 

532,500 

(previously CFO) 
 
 2021 

420,000 

420,000 

112,500 

- 

952,500 

1) Represents base salary during the year 

2) 
 Represents bonus earned during the year. The 2022 amounts are subject to Court approval 

3) Represents the accounting/expense value of common stock delivered
during the year upon the vesting of RSUs 

4) Represents other incentive payments earned during the year
and either paid during the year or paid in the subsequent year 

Narrative Disclosure Regarding Summary Compensation
Table 

Compensation Philosophy 

The Company s executive compensation policies
are designed to provide competitive levels of compensation meant to integrate salaries with the Company s goals and objectives
and the interests of shareholders, while rewarding performance and retaining qualified and experienced executives. The Compensation
Committee of our board of directors is primarily responsible for implementing the Company s philosophy with respect to executive
compensation. There are three primary elements to our executive compensation programs: base salary, cash bonus and RSUs. 

The compensation packages are based on the potential
impact the executive may have on the Company, the executive s skills and experience and comparisons with comparable companies. 

36 

The American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc.
2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan provides for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units RSUs and other share-based awards. Stock options have a maximum term of ten years from
the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, 666,667 shares had been authorized for issuance under the Plan, of which 328,997 shares remained
available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. The RSUs were issued to certain directors and employees and can only be settled in shares.
RSUs awarded to directors are time-based. RSUs issued to nondirectors are 50 time-based and 50 performance-based. Twenty-five percent
or, in some cases, one-third of the time-based awards vests on each grant date anniversary, while 25 or, in some cases, one-third of
the performance-based awards vests on December 31 st of each year, if the market condition (stock price target) is met. If
the market condition attached to the performance-based awards is not met in any year, the eligibility is delayed until the market condition
is met, except that the market condition must be met on the third anniversary or, in some cases, on the second anniversary of the stock
price target date. 

Employment Agreements 

Thomas King 

Effective April 7, 2020, the Company entered
into an employment agreement with Thomas King, our CFO at that time, on an at-will basis. Mr. King is entitled to receive
a base salary of 420,000 per year. Until August 2022, Mr. King was also entitled to an annual bonus for each full fiscal year during
his employment term, with a target bonus amount equal to 100 of his annual base salary, subject to the achievement of certain performance
objectives. In connection with his employment, Mr. King was also awarded 20,000 RSUs effective April 7, 2020. 

Such employment agreement contains customary
confidentiality provisions, which apply both during and for two years after its term, and customary non-competition and non-solicitation
provisions, which apply during its term and for one year thereafter. 

If Mr. King s employment is terminated
by the Company without cause (as defined), the Company will be obligated to pay to Mr. King, in addition to accrued but
unpaid salary and benefits, (i) continued payment of base salary for six months and (ii) continued benefits, including health
care and life insurance. The Company s obligation to pay any of the foregoing severance obligations (other than salary and benefits
accrued through the date of termination of employment) would be subject to Mr. King s execution of a release of claims against
the Company and Mr. King s compliance with any surviving non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and assignment of inventions
obligations to the Company. 

Such employment agreement contains customary
confidentiality provisions, which apply both during and for two years after its term, and customary non-competition and non-solicitation
provisions, which apply during its term and for one year thereafter. 

Effective September 2022, Mr. King transitioned
into the role of Chief of Staff. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides information about
RSUs held by the named executive officers (vesting schedules are discussed in the section above titled Compensation Philosophy): 

Name 
 Award date 
 Shares underlying 
 RSUs issued 
 Grant date fair value 
 (1) 
 Unvested RSUs 
 
 Kevin Keough 
 4/24/2022 
 20,000 
 105,375 
 20,000 
 
 Darrell Mays 
 10/1/2020 
 23,333 
 1,519,000 
 11,667 
 
 Adrian Foltz 
 Various (2) 
 10,000 
 180,780 
 9,583 
 
 Onex Evans 
 Various (3) 
 10,000 
 262,640 
 8,333 
 
 Thomas King 
 4/7/2020 
 20,000 
 721,875 
 12,500 

(1) 
 The grant date fair value excludes awards which have not yet been valued as the performance targets have not yet been set. 

(2) 
 Consists of 3,333 RSUs issued on 4/1/21 and 6,667 RSUs issued on 9/8/22 

(3) 
 Consists of 3,333 RSUs issued on 6/1/20, 3,333 RSUs issued on 4/1/21 and 3,334 issued on 9/8/22 

37 

Director Compensation 

Directors who are employees of the Company do
not receive additional compensation for their services as directors or as members of board committees. Non-employee directors
are not paid any fees in cash. Instead, non-employee directors receive RSUs on the effective dates of their appointments. Twenty five
percent of such RSUs vest on the anniversary date of the respective award. The following summarizes the RSUs issued to non-employee directors
as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Award date 
 Shares underlying 
 RSUs issued 
 Grant date fair value (in) 
 Unvested RSUs 
 
 Larry Mock 
 4/7/2020 
 23,333 
 70,000 
 11,667 
 
 Bert Ellis 
 4/7/2020 
 4,000 
 12,000 
 2,000 
 
 Karl Krapek 
 4/7/2020 
 4,000 
 12,000 
 2,000 
 
 Dennis Lockhart 
 4/7/2020 
 4,000 
 12,000 
 2,000 
 
 Carolyn Byrd 
 3/1/2021 
 4,000 
 28,040 
 3,000 
 
 Klass Baks 
 4/7/2020 
 4,000 
 12,000 
 2,000 
 
 Mark Downs 
 4/7/2020 
 4,000 
 12,000 
 2,000 
 
 Kent Mathy 
 8/1/2020 
 4,000 
 17,000 
 2,000 

Robert Willis 
 
 4/24/2022 

10,000 

52,688 

10,000 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation 

None. 

Compensation Committee Report 

Our compensation committee has reviewed and discussed
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management. Based on that review and discussion,
the compensation committee recommended to the Company s board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

U. Bertram Ellis, Jr. 

Dr. Klaas Baks 

Karl Krapek 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023
by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 
 of the outstanding shares of our common stock 

each of our executive officers and directors and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

38 

Beneficial ownership
is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he,
she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security or has the right to acquire securities within 60 days,
including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that
all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned by them. The calculation
of percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 33,532,473 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023: 

Name 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percent of Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Company: 

Lawrence E. Mock, Jr. (3) 
 1,428,266 (4)(5)(6) 
 4.3 
 
 Darrell J. Mays 
 986,195 (2) 
 2.9 
 
 Kevin Keough 
 - 
 - 
 
 Adrian Foltz 
 10,000 

Onex Evans 
 10,000 

Mark Downs 
 3,000 

U. Bertram Ellis, Jr. 
 37,588 

Karl Krapek 
 2,800 

Dennis Lockhart 
 19,134 

Dr. Klaas Baks 
 2,800 

Kent Mathy 
 1,000 

Dr. Robert Willis 
 10,000 

Carolyn Byrd 
 - 
 - 
 
 Charles Sweet 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (14 individuals) 
 2,510,783 
 7.5 
 
 Five Percent or More Holders and Certain Other Holders 
 - 
 - 

Less than 1 of outstanding shares 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the persons
 and entities is 1720 Peachtree Street, Suite 629, Atlanta, GA 30309. 

(2) 
 Includes 37,067 shares of Common Stock held by certain of Mr. Mays 
 family members (or affiliated entities) who reside at least part-time with Mr. Mays. Mr. Mays disclaims beneficial ownership of all
 shares of Common Stock held by his family members. Also includes shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Pensare Sponsor Group,
 LLC. 

(3) 
 Mr. Mock holds an economic interest in Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC and
 a pecuniary interest in the securities held by Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC. Mr. Mock disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities
 except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(4) 
 Includes approximately (i) 118,869 shares of Common Stock held directly
 by Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC Holdings ), and (ii) 563,059 shares of Common Stock held directly
 by Navigation Capital Partners II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Navigation Capital ). Mr. Mock is a manager
 of NCP General Partner II, LLC, which is the general partner of Navigation Capital, which controls Holdings. As a result, Mr. Mock
 may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the securities directly held by Navigation Capital and Holdings. Mr. Mock disclaims
 beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(5) 
 Includes approximately 669,314 shares of Common Stock held directly
 by Navigation Capital Partners SOF I, LLC Investment Sub ). Investment Sub is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary
 of SPAC Opportunity Fund I, L.P. New SPAC Opps ), an entity controlled by Navigation Capital Partners, Inc. SPAC
 NCP ). Mr. Mock controls SPAC NCP, and as a result, may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the securities held by
 SPAC NCP, New SPAC Opps and Investment Sub. Mr. Mock disclaims beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of his
 pecuniary interest therein. 

(6) 
 
 Includes approximately 77,022 shares of Common
 Stock held directly by Nobadeer, L.P., a Georgia limited partnership Nobadeer ). Mr. Mock is the general partner
 of Nobadeer, and as a result, may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the securities held by Nobadeer. Mr. Mock disclaims beneficial
 ownership of such securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence 

The following paragraph
discusses related party transactions that occurred during 2022 and 2021 and/or that are contemplated during 2023 (other than (i) compensation
paid or awarded to the Company s directors, director nominees and executive officers that is required to be discussed, or is exempt
from discussion, in the other sections of the annual report on Form 10-K and (ii) equity and Debentures issued in connection with the
Computex Business Combination and the Kandy Business Combination, as described elsewhere in the annual report on Form 10-K). 

39 

Services provided by Navigation Capital
Partners, Inc. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include 150,000 and 600,000 respectively, related to consulting services provided by
Navigation, a significant stockholder and an affiliate of certain of our directors. These amounts related to an agreement entered into
effective October 1, 2020 whereby Navigation provided capital markets advisory and business consulting services to the Company for a
fee of 50,000 per month. On April 21, 2022, the agreement with Navigation was terminated. The unpaid balance owing under the consulting
agreement was 900,000, which was scheduled to be paid at the rate of 100,000 per month. Accounts payable and accrued expenses as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 include 500,000 and 750,000, respectively, in connection therewith. 

Transactions with Ribbon. 

Pursuant to a transition services agreement entered
into with Ribbon, a previous significant stockholder, in connection with the acquisition of Kandy, accounts payable and accrued expenses
as of December 31, 2021 include 799,000 due to Ribbon for professional fees provided and certain software and other support. Prepaid
expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2021 include 190,000 due from Ribbon for collections in excess of reimbursable
expenses. Also, trade receivables, net as of December 31, 2021 include 2,511,000 due from Ribbon. 

Included in the consolidated statement of operations
are certain revenues for services provided to Ribbon, certain expenses for services provided by Ribbon and certain expenses for rental
of office space from Ribbon. The expenses for services provided by Ribbon relate primarily to professional services provided by Ribbon
as part of the transition services agreement and, to a lesser extent, to certain software support purchased from Ribbon. Details of such
revenue and expenses are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Ribbon ceased being a related party in August
2022. 

The 2021 Note 

A subordinated Note,
which was secured by a related party, is separately identified on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The related
interest expense of 736,000 is included in Interest expense related parties in the consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2021 and was also included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Note was repaid in full on March 15, 2022 out of proceeds received from the sale of Computex. 

Services provided
by True North Advisory LLC 

On January 21, 2022, the Company entered into
a Services Agreement (the Services Agreement with True North Advisory LLC True North ), a company affiliated
with Michael Tessler, the previous Chairman of the Company s board of directors. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, among other
things, True North provided strategic advice with respect to the Company s business as requested by the Company from time to time,
for a fee of 25,000 per month, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses. The Services Agreement had an initial term of three months,
after which it was to continue on a month-to-month basis until terminated by either party on 30 days prior notice. The Services
Agreement contained customary mutual provisions regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. The agreement was terminated
in August 2022. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions
in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant,
(3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of
common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect
material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict
of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively
and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position. 

40 

Our audit committee, pursuant to the Audit Committee
Charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. The
audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether
the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under
the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate
in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with
all material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

As of March 14, 2023, the aggregate fees billed
to our Company by UHY LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Fees Billed by UHY LLP 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 633,680 
 765,473 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 204,824 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 77,700 
 - 
 
 All Other
Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 916,204 
 765,473 

(1) Audit Fees consist of fees
incurred for the audits of our annual financial statements and for the reviews of our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the applicable quarters of the fiscal year. 

(2) Audit-Related Fees consist
of all fees incurred related to various SEC filings, consents and proformas. 

(3) Tax Fees consist of fees incurred
for tax compliance, planning and advisory services and due diligence in connection with planned acquisitions. 

Our audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by UHY LLP, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimus exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee
prior to the completion of the audit). The audit committee may form and delegate authority to one or more of its members when appropriate,
including the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such members to
grant pre-approvals shall be presented to the audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

41 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are
filed as part of this report or incorporated herein by reference: 

(1) Our Financial Statements are
listed on page F-1 of this Annual Report 

(2) Financial Statements Schedule 

None 

(3) Exhibits: 

The following documents are included
as exhibits to this Annual Report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 (2) 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2019, by and among Pensare Acquisition Corp., Tango Merger Sub Corp., Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC, and Stratos Management Systems, Inc. 
 
 2.2 (3) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2019, by and among Pensare Acquisition Corp., Tango Merger Sub Corp., Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC, and Stratos Management Systems, Inc. 
 
 2.3 (4) 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2019, by and among Pensare Acquisition Corp., Tango Merger Sub Corp., Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC, and Stratos Management Systems, Inc. 
 
 2.4 (7) 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, by and among American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc., Ribbon Communications Inc., Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc. and Ribbon Communications International Limited. 
 
 2.5 (11) 
 
 Amended and Restated Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, by and among American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc., Ribbon Communications Inc., Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc. and Ribbon Communications International Limited 
 
 2.6 (23) 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2022, among Calian Corp., Computex, Inc., Stratos Management Systems, Inc., First Byte Computers, Inc., eNetSolutions, LLC and American Virtual Cloud Technologies Inc. 
 
 2.7 (37) 
 
 Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023, by and among the Company, certain of the Company s subsidiaries, and Skyvera, LLC. 
 
 3.1 (5) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 3.2 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 3.3 (4) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 3.3 (34) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc., dated September 30, 2022. 
 
 4.1 (1) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2017, between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 4.2 (11) 
 
 Form of Debenture 
 
 4.3 (11) 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.4 (15) 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 
 4.5 (14) 
 
 Form of Indenture 
 
 4.6 (17) 
 
 Series A Warrant, dated November 5, 2021 
 
 4.7 (17) 
 
 Series B Warrant, dated November 5, 2021 
 
 4.8 (19) 
 
 Form of Monroe Warrant. 
 
 4.9 (19) 
 
 Series C Warrant, dated December 2, 2021. 

42 

4.10 (21) 
 
 Series D Warrant, dated December 15, 2021. 
 
 4.11 (21) 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, filed December 13, 2021 
 
 4.12 (26) 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 4.13 (26) 
 
 Warrant Issued March 1, 2022 
 
 4.14 (26) 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 4.15 (28) 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note 
 
 4.16 (29) 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated April 19, 2022 
 
 4.17 (36) 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 4.18 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1(h) (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, among Jose Mas, Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.1(i) (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, among Darrell J. Mays, Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.1(j) (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, among Lawrence E. Mock, Jr., Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.1(k) (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, among Suzanne Shank, Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.1(l) (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, among Rayford Wilkins, Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.1(m) (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, among Dr. Robert Willis, Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.2 (1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 10.3 (1) 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and among Pensare Acquisition Corp., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC and the other parties thereto. 
 
 10.4 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and the other parties thereto. 
 
 10.5(a) (1) 
 
 Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and MasTec, Inc. 
 
 10.5(b) (1) 
 
 Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC. 
 
 10.5(c) (1) 
 
 Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.6 (1) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC. 
 
 10.7 (1) 
 
 Right Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 10.8 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2017 by and between Pensare Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 10.9 (1) 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Option. 
 
 10.10 (6) 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers, directors and special advisors. 
 
 10.11 (4) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2020. 

43 

10.12 (7) 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, by and among Ribbon Communications Inc., Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc., Ribbon Communications International Limited and Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC. 
 
 10.13 (7) 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, by and among Ribbon Communications Inc., Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc., Ribbon Communications International Limited and Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC. 
 
 10.14 (8) 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Xavier Williams. 
 
 10.15 (9) 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated November 13, 2020. 
 
 10.16 (10) 
 
 Services Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2021, between American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc., and Navigation Capital Partners, Inc. 
 
 10.17 (11) 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael Dennis. 
 
 10.18 (11) 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Thomas King. 
 
 10.19 (11) 
 
 Form of Guaranty of Debentures 
 
 10.20 (11) 
 
 Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, by and among Ribbon Communications Inc., Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc., Ribbon Communications International Limited and Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC. 
 
 10.21 (11) 
 
 Amended and Restated Voting Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, by and among Ribbon Communications Inc., Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc., Ribbon Communications International Limited and Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC 
 
 10.22 (11) 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, by and among American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc., Ribbon Communications Inc., Pensare Sponsor Group, LLC and Stratos Management Systems Holdings, LLC 
 
 10.23 (11) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, by and between American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and SPAC Opportunity Partners Investment Sub LLC 
 
 10.24 (11) 
 
 Amendment and Joinder to Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 1, 2020, by and among American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and the Holders Party thereto 
 
 10.25 (11) 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Loan Documents, dated as of December 1, 2020 
 
 10.26 (12) 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Loan Documents, dated as of June 24, 2021. 
 
 10.27 (13) 
 
 Separation Agreement and Release between the Company and Xavier Williams. 
 
 10.29 (16) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021 
 
 10.30 (17) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 5, 2021 
 
 10.31 (19) 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated December 2, 2021 
 
 10.32 (19) 
 
 Amendment and Waiver, dated December 2, 2021 
 
 10.33 (19) 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated December 2, 2021. 
 
 10.34 (19) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 2, 2021. 
 
 10.35 (19) 
 
 Amendment and Waiver, dated December 2, 2021. 
 
 10.36 (19) 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement. 
 
 10.37 (19) 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated December 2, 2021. 
 
 10.38 (19) 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated December 2, 2021. 
 
 10.39 (20) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021 
 
 10.40 (21) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 15, 2021. 
 
 10.41 (23) 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement 
 
 10.42 (24) 
 
 Services Agreement, dated February 21, 2022, between American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and True North Advisory LLC. 
 
 10.43 (25) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2022 
 
 10.44 (25) 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement 
 
 10.45 (27) 
 
 Restrictive Covenant Agreement, dated March 15, 2022, among Calian Corp., Computex, Inc., Stratos Management Systems, Inc., First Byte Computers, Inc. and eNetSolutions, LLC 

44 

10.46 (28) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022 
 
 10.47 (28) 
 
 Form of Security and Pledge Agreement 
 
 10.48 (28) 
 
 Form of Pledge Agreement 
 
 10.49 (28) 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 10.50 (28) 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement 
 
 10.51 (29) 
 
 Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2022 
 
 10.52 (29) 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of April 19, 2022 
 
 10.53 (29) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2022 
 
 10.54 (29) 
 
 Services Agreement, signed on April 23, 2022, between American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and SAW Holdings, LLC 
 
 10.55 (29) 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2022, between American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and Navigation Capital Partners, Inc. 
 
 10.56 (30) 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2022, by and among Ribbon Communications Canada, ULC, Ribbon Communications, Inc., Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc., American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and AVCtechnologies USA, Inc. 
 
 10.57 (30) 
 
 Wind Down Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2022, by and between Ribbon Communications Operating Company, Inc. and AVCtechnologies USA, Inc. 
 
 10.58 (30) 
 
 Stock Redemption Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2022, by and between Ribbon Communications Inc. and American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. 
 
 10.59 (30) 
 
 Warrant Termination Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2022, by and between American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. and Ribbon Communications Inc. 
 
 10.60 (30) 
 
 Amended and Restated Waiver Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2022. 
 
 10.61 (31) 
 
 American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. Key Executive Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.62 (31) 
 
 Form of Award Letter under American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. Key Executive Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.63 (32) 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2022. 
 
 10.64 (33) 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022. 
 
 10.65 (36) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022 
 
 14 (6) 
 
 Code of Ethics. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of UHY, LLP. 
 
 99.1 (6) 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. 
 
 99.2 (6) 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. 
 
 99.3 (6) 
 
 Nominating Committee Charter. 
 
 99.4 (22) 
 
 Waiver, dated December 28, 2021. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished
 and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933,
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to
 liability under these sections. 

45 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 2, 2017. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 30, 2019. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2019. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7, 2020. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2019. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 S-1/A, filed with the SEC on July 24, 2017. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2020. 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2020. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020. 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021. 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 7, 2020. 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 25, 2021. 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021. 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 S-3/A, filed with the SEC on August 25, 2021. 

(15) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 S-1, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2020. 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021. 

(17) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021. 

(19) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021. 

46 

(20) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021. 

(21) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 16, 2021. 

(22) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021. 

(23) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 1, 2022. 

(24) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 

(25) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 

(26) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 2, 2022. 

(27) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022. 

(28) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

(29) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2022. 

(30) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022. 

(31) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022. 

(32) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022. 

(33) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022. 

(34) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2022. 

(35) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2022. 

(36) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 20, 2022. 

(37) 
 Incorporated by reference to an exhibit to the Company s Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 13, 2023. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

47 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS PENSARE ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited Financial statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 to F-3 Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 to F-37 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Substantial Doubt Regarding the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations, has an accumulated deficit and does not believe that its current level of cash and cash equivalents
is sufficient to fund continuing operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going Concern Assessment 

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has an accumulated deficit and does not believe that its current level of cash
and cash equivalents is sufficient to fund continuing operations. The Company determined these, and other factors, raised substantial
doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The principal considerations for our determination
that the evaluation of management's going concern analysis was a critical audit matter are the significant judgment and subjectivity from
management when evaluating the uncertainty related to the Company's future cash flow projection and a high degree of auditor judgment
in evaluating management's forecasts for at least the next 12 months. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
the critical audit matter included: 

Evaluating the reasonableness of key assumptions and estimates used by the management in the light of its existing operating requirements
and plans. 

Testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of underlying data. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s plans on the cash flow requirements of the operations. 

Evaluating the adequacy of the Company s
disclosure of management s plan in the notes to the financial statements. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020. 

April 7, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 1195 

F- 3 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except share and per share data,
or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Trade receivables, net (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets held for sale - current (See
 Note 4) 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 
 -

Assets held for sale - noncurrent (See Note 4) 
 -

Other noncurrent assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Deferred revenue (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Current portion of notes payable 

Subordinated promissory note - related party 
 -

Liabilities associated with assets held for sale - current
 (See Note 4) 
 -

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrant liabilities 

Liabilities associated with assets held for sale - noncurrent
 (See Note 4) 
 -

Other liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingent liabilities (See note 16) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized; none outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(In thousands, except share and per share data,
or as otherwise noted) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Cloud subscription and software (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Managed and professional services (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Other 
 
 -

Total revenues 

Cost of revenue (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Gross (loss) profit 

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets (Note
 3) 

Research and development (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Selling, general and administrative (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Loss from continuing operations 

Other income (expense) 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Interest expense - related parties 

Interest expense - other 

Other income (expense) (including related party amounts of and , respectively) 

Total other income (expenses) 

Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for income
 taxes 
 
 - 

Net loss from continuing operations,
 net of tax 

Net income (loss) from discontinued
 operations, net of tax (Notes 1 and 4) 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted (loss) income per common share 

Loss from continuing operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations 

Loss per common share 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

(In thousands, except share and per share data,
or as otherwise noted) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 

Common stock issued on redemption of Series B Preferred
 Stock 

-

Common stock issued to holders of Series B Preferred Stock
 pursuant to the Exchange Agreement (See Note 10) 
 
 -

-

Common stock issued on redemption of Convertible Note 

-

Common stock issued to settle certain warrants (See Note
 10) 
 
 -

-

Sale of common stock 

-

Fractional shares paid in cash 
 
 -

-

Common stock redeemed and retired (See Note 11) 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued on conversion of Penny Warrants (See
 Note 10) 
 
 -

-

Vested and delivered RSUs 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Shares repurchased for tax withholding 
 - 
 -

-

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Other 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Year Ended
 December 31, 2021 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 
 - 

Sale of common stock, preferred stock and Series D Warrants 
 
 -

-

Less fair value of Preferred Stock 
 - 
 -

-

Less fair value of Series D warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Sale of common stock, Series A and Series B warrants 
 
 -

-

Less fair value of Series A and Series B Warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Common stock issued on exercise of Series B Warrants 
 
 -

-

Common stock issued on exercise of Series C Warrants 
 
 -

-

Common stock issued on conversion of Preferred Stock 
 
 -

-

Common stock issued on conversion of Debentures 
 
 -

-

Common stock issued on conversion of Penny Warrants 
 
 -

-

Cumulative effect of accounting change related to adoption
 of Accounting Standard Update No. 2020-06 
 - 
 -

Debenture discount relative to fair value of warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Vested and delivered RSUs 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Shares repurchased for tax withholding 
 
 -

-

Other 

-
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Continuing Operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss from continuing operations to net cash used in continuing operating activities: 

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 -

Amortization of Convertible Debenture discount 
 -

Interest on convertible debt paid-in-kind 
 -

Share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Deferred income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Amortization of deferred financing costs and discounts 

Net gain on sale of certain rights to software 
 
 -

Noncash financing fees 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Other 

Net cash used in continuing operating activities 

Cash Flows from Continuing Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of certain rights to software 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 
 - 

Deferred development costs 

Net cash provided by (used in) continuing investing activities 

Cash Flows from Continuing Financing Activities: 

Net change in line of credit 
 - 

Payment of taxes from withheld shares 

Debt repayments 

(Repayment of) proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 
 - 

Redemption of Series B Preferred Stock paid in cash 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Convertible Debentures (See Note 10) 
 -

Proceeds from the issuance of securities 

Proceeds from issuance of Series B Preferred Stock and February 2022 Warrants (See Note 10) 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Convertible Note (See Note 10) 
 
 -

Payment for fractional shares 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of certain warrants 

Payment of deferred financing fees 

Net cash provided by continuing financing activities 

Cash Flows from Discontinued Operations 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Net cash provided by discontinued operations 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental Disclosures about Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities 

Series B Preferred Stock converted to common stock 
 
 -

Convertible Notes converted to common stock 
 
 -

Conversion of an amount from accounts payable to note payable 
 
 -

Initial recognition of right-of-use asset on adoption of ASC 842 (See Note 7) 
 
 -

Initial recognition of operating lease liability on adoption of ASC 842 (See Note 7) 
 
 -

Noncash conversion of Debentures to common stock 
 -

Fair value of Penny Warrants related to the issuance of Convertible Debentures 
 -

Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 -

Noncash conversion of Series A Preferred to common stock 
 -

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

during
the year ended December 31, 2021, which represented the excess of the carrying value of the Computex reporting unit over the expected
sale proceeds less costs to sell. On March 15, 2022, the Computex sale was consummated. 

F- 8 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

. 

resulting from the Auction. Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, the Purchaser agreed to purchase substantially all of the assets of the Sellers (such assets, the Purchased Assets, 
and such transaction, the Asset Sale ). The Purchased Assets include, among other things, all rights of the Sellers under
the Assumed Contracts and Assumed Leases that are defined in the Purchase Agreement, tangible personal property, intellectual property
rights, books and records and any goodwill, but excludes certain assets, including all cash. On March 15, 2023, the Court entered an
order authorizing the Asset Sale pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. On March 24, 2023, the Asset Sale closed, thereby completing
the disposition of substantially all of the Company s assets. The purchase price paid for the Purchased Assets (the Purchase
Price consisted of (i) cash in the amount of , subject to certain adjustments (including a reduction by the amount, if
any, by which the deferred revenues of the Sellers as of the date of the closing of the Purchase Agreement exceeds the deferred revenues
of the Sellers as of the date of the Purchase Agreement), and (ii) the Purchaser s assumption of certain liabilities of the Sellers.
As identified in the Debtors Combined Disclosure Statement and Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation (the Plan ),
filed with the Court on March 21, 2023, and subject to Court approval, the Company anticipates that there will be no proceeds available
for distribution to the Company s stockholders and that the Company s outstanding securities shall be cancelled upon confirmation
of the Plan. 

In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the CUSIP number (Committee on Uniform
Securities Identification Procedures number) for the Company s common stock changed. 

F- 9 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

in its operating bank accounts and net working capital of . As of March 31, 2023, aggregate cash in the Company s operating
bank accounts was . 

F- 10 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

AMERICAN
 VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

F- 12 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 13 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

relating to the Kandy reporting unit based on a comparison of the reporting unit s fair
value with its carrying value. The excess of the carrying value of the reporting over the estimated fair value was first allocated to
the intangibles and then to goodwill. Fair value was determined using the income approach. No impairment was evident on the Company s
other long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022. 

during the year ended December 31, 2021,
which represented the excess of the carrying value of the Computex reporting unit over the expected sale proceeds less costs to sell.
Impairment of Kandy s goodwill was also recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Goodwill impairment of the
Kandy reporting unit was and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 14 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

warrants, including
the full over-allotment amount, (the 2017 Private Placement Warrants . 

warrants to public investors in the Offering (the Public Warrants ). In
addition, at that time, there were warrants underlying unit purchase options granted to EBC or its designees (the 2017
 EBC Warrants ). The 2017 EBC Warrants, together with the 2017 Private Placement Warrants and the Public Warrants are referred
to as the 2017 Warrants. Each whole Warrant entitled the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock of
the Company for per share, subject to adjustments. In addition to the warrants, the unit purchase options, which expired
in July 2022, entitled the holders to receive shares of common stock for an exercise price of per unit. 

Public Warrants
and of the 2017 Private Placement Warrants remained outstanding. 

exercise price 

discount rate 

remaining useful life (in years) 

stock price 

F- 16 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

F- 17 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

. At December 31, 2022, cash balances held with a financial
institution exceeded the federally insured limit by . However, management does not believe this poses a significant credit risk.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, one vendor accounted for more than of cost of revenue, accounting for approximately .
Additional concentration of business risks are summarized in the following table: 

or more of trade accounts receivable 

Vendors that individually accounted for or more of trade accounts payable 

or more of sales 

Aggregate total sales of customers that individually accounted for or more of sales 

F- 18 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 19 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

F- 20 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

during the year ended December 31, 2021. Such impairment is included within discontinued operations.
The sale of Computex was consummated on March 15, 2022. Net sale proceeds received was . 

Prepaid expenses 

Trade receivables (net allowance of 

Inventory 

Assets held for sale - current 

Noncurrent assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net 

Other noncurrent assets 

Assets held for sale - noncurrent 

Total assets held for sale 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Liabilities associated with assets held for sale - current 

Long-term liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Liabilities associated with assets held for sale - noncurrent 

Total liabilities associated with assets held for sale 

Third party software and maintenance 

Managed and professional services 

Other 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Selling, general and administrative 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Gain on sale of Computex 
 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 

Interest expense 
 -

Other expense 
 -

Total other income 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes 

Income tax provision on discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

F- 21 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

ERP development costs 
 
 -

Software 

Other 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

to years for furniture and equipment, and years for software). Leasehold
improvements and leased assets are depreciated on the straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives and the life
of the respective lease. Depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. The activity for intangible assets during the year ended December
31, 2021 was as follows: 

Amortization 

Impairment 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Impairment 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Impairment 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -

F- 22 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

as of January 1, 2022. The adoption had no impact on accumulated deficit,
the consolidated statements of operations or the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liability - current (included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance
 sheet) 

Operating lease liability - long-term (included in other liabilities on the consolidated
 balance sheet) 

Total operating lease liability 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total minimum payments required 

Imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

, consisting of of operating lease costs, and of short-term lease costs. There were no material variable lease
costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . The following provides additional
information about the long-term lease for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

Supplemental cash flow information - operating cash flows (in thousands) 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

F- 23 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

Accrued compensation, benefits and related accruals 

Accrued professional fees 

Due to related parties 

Third party interest accrual 
 -

Other 

term loan facility (the Credit Facility under a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Monroe
Capital Management Advisors, LLC and certain affiliated entities Monroe ), proceeds of which were used, in part, to repay
amounts owing under a prior credit agreement, which the Company had assumed when it acquired Computex. 

on January 18, 2022 as it
was apparent that certain of the milestone dates for the closing of the Computex sale were not going to be met. 

per annum, or the LIBOR Rate for the interest period in effect for such borrowing plus per annum. Notwithstanding
such interest rates, Monroe was guaranteed a minimum return of , including a closing fee of that was paid to the administrative
agent on the closing date. Additional fees would have been payable if the Credit Facility was not repaid in full by certain dates. 

per share (the Monroe Warrants ). The number of shares
of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Monroe Warrants was subject to, in addition to customary adjustments
for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like, adjustment for certain issuances (or deemed issuances) of the Company s
common stock at a price per share below while the Monroe Warrants were outstanding, such that the Monroe Warrants would remain
exercisable for, in the aggregate, approximately of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding, calculated
on a fully-diluted basis. The Monroe Warrants were exercisable for an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock
as of December 31, 2022, and, on January 17, 2023, were fully exercised for shares of the Company s common stock. 

F- 24 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

The 2021 Note
became due on March 1, 2022 due to the early pay off of the Credit Agreement. However, for a waiver fee of , the lender extended
the maturity date to . On March 15, 2022, all amounts outstanding under the 2021 Note were paid. The 2021 Note had a minimum
required return of . 

on such date. Such promissory note is due on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2023; (ii) a sale
transaction by the Company requiring shareholder approval, including a transfer of a majority of the Company s capital stock or
(iii) a payment default by the Company. The promissory note is unsecured and bears interest at a rate of per annum, compounded semi-annually.
Additionally, the amended agreement provides for new payment terms, with a monthly prepayment towards actual costs incurred. Any
excess of that prepayment over actual costs results in a reduction of the promissory note balance, while any excess of actual costs over
the monthly payment is to be added to such promissory note. The amended agreement also contains certain changes to notice provision
clauses with respect to work force reductions as well as new loaded labor rates. The note payable balance as of December 31, 2022 was
 and is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

shares of preferred stock, par value . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no preferred
stock was outstanding. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s common
stock are entitled to vote for each share. 

shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. 

F- 25 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

of the
aggregate gross proceeds. 

, the number of warrants were increased
and the buyers received certain newly-issued warrants (the Series C Warrants ). As of the date of such modification, the
Company recognized a change in fair value of the warrant liabilities equal to the excess of the fair value of the modified instrument
over the previous fair value. The fair value of the Series C Warrants as of the issuance date was considered to be analogous to a financing
charge and was included in interest expense. 

. In
December 2021, the holders of the Series A Preferred exercised their conversion rights and the Series A Preferred Shares were converted
to shares of the Company s common stock. 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock with a stated value of per share, initially convertible into up to
 shares of the Company s common stock and (ii) warrants (the February 2022 Warrants to purchase up to that
number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the number of shares of the Company s common stock into which the
shares of Series B Preferred Stock actually sold pursuant to the purchase agreement were initially convertible, in a registered direct
offering. 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock, initially convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock, together with the February 2022 Warrants, initially exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock, were
issued and sold at an initial closing on March 1, 2022 (the Initial Closing ). The aggregate purchase price paid for the
Series B Preferred Stock and the February 2022 Warrants at the Initial Closing was . The remaining Preferred Shares were
never issued by the Company and any rights that the Company had to require such a purchase subsequently expired. 

(with a proportional increase to the number of
shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants). 

F- 26 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

of the lowest daily volume weighted average price
of the Company s common stock during the eight trading days immediately prior to the payment date. 

principal, was converted into shares
of the Company s common stock and was paid in cash. Certain installments were based on exercises of the buyer s acceleration
right with respect to installment payments. 

stockholder
for the purchase and sale of a new series of senior secured convertible notes of the Company, in the aggregate original principal amount
of (the Convertible Notes ). The transaction funded on April 19, 2022. The Convertible Notes were convertible into
shares of the Company s common stock. The purchase price of the Convertible Notes was and net proceeds received totaled
 . 

due under the Convertible Notes have since been satisfied with shares of the Company s common stock. 

as of the issuance date of the Convertible Note and were
recorded as derivative liabilities as of the issuance date with a corresponding discount reflected in the Convertible Note. The Convertible
Note was fully satisfied during the year ended December 31, 2022 and therefore, as of the date of satisfaction, the related derivative
had no value. 

F- 27 

AMERICAN
 VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

shares of the Company s common stock (with respect to the warrants) and shares of the Company s common stock (in exchange for the remaining principal amount of the convertible notes), all of which shares have been fully issued and therefore the holders have no further rights to such warrants or the Convertible Notes. 

shares of its common stock in September 2022. Net proceeds from the sale totaled , after deduction of a sales agent
commission of and other direct costs. 

F- 28 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

in principal
amount of the Company s Series A convertible debentures (the Convertible Debentures or Debentures and (ii) a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per whole share (the Penny
Warrants ). The issuances of such securities were not registered under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration
provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Units to Ribbon as consideration for the Kandy purchase, sold Units to SPAC Opportunity Partners, LLC, a significant shareholder
of the Company, and Units to a director of the Company. Also, the Company sold additional Units between January 1, 2021
and May 27, 2021, including Units that were sold to related parties. 

(including in aggregate principal amount issued as part of Units
sold to MasTec, Inc. Mastec ), a greater than five percent stockholder of the Company, and in aggregate principal
of which was part of Units issued to Holdings pursuant to the terms of the Computex Business Combination agreement and approximately
 in aggregate principal amount of which was issued to the Sponsor as part of Units issued in exchange for the cancellation of indebtedness
previously incurred by the Company to the Sponsor). 

issued to Ribbon, sold to SPAC Opportunity Partners, LLC, a significant shareholder of the Company and sold
to a director of the Company. In addition, between January 1, 2021 and May 27, 2021, were sold to various investors (including
 sold to related parties). The Debentures sold in December 2020 and those sold between January 1, 2021 and May 27, 2021 were in
the same form as those issued in connection with the acquisition of Kandy. 

F- 29 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

per annum, previously payable quarterly on the last day of each calendar quarter in the form of additional Debentures.
Until converted, the entire principal amount of each Debenture together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, was due and payable
on the earlier of (i) such date, that was thirty months after the issuance date, as the holder thereof, at its sole option, upon not
less than 30 days prior written notice to the Company, demanded payment thereof and (ii) the occurrence of a Change in Control
(as defined in the Debentures). 

shares of common stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock at
an exercise price of per share. Such warrants consisted of warrants issued to Ribbon, warrants issued to SPAC Opportunity
Partners, LLC and warrants issued to a director of the Company. 

warrants
(including warrants issued to related parties). 

Penny Warrants exercised their right to convert such Penny Warrants to shares
of common stock and Penny Warrants were cancelled as part of the Ribbon Settlement. As of December 31, 2022, unexercised Penny
Warrants totaled . 

F- 30 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

, and paid-in-kind interest of . 

per month. In addition, the Company s
then President, Kevin Keough, and Mr. Robert Willis, a previous Company director and a previous Vice Chairman of Capital Markets, provided
such services to the Company via Navigation. Accordingly, Mr. Keough and Mr. Willis did not receive any direct compensation from the
Company between July 21, 2021 (the effective date of their appointment) and April 21, 2022. Instead, Mr. Keough and Mr. Willis were compensated
by Navigation. In consideration for such services provided by Navigation to the Company, Navigation was granted restricted stock
units RSUs that were scheduled to vest over four years, similar to time-based RSUs granted to directors in lieu of director s
fees. 

, which was scheduled to be paid at the rate of per month. 

and , respectively, related to such agreement. Also, accounts payable
and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 include and , respectively, in connection therewith. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

per month, plus reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses. As a result, selling, general and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 include , related to such agreement. The Services Agreement had an initial term of
three months, after which it could continue on a month-to-month basis until terminated by either party on 30 days prior notice.
The Services Agreement, which contained customary mutual provisions regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property,
was terminated during the third quarter of 2022. 

F- 31 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

Service fees charged by Ribbon: 

Cost of revenue 
 -

Research and development 
 -

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Rent and software purchased from Ribbon: 

Cost of revenue 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

, and prepaid expenses and other current assets include due from Ribbon for
collections it received on the Company s behalf in excess of reimbursable expenses it paid on the Company s behalf. 

in cash 

shares of the Company s common stock previously owned by Ribbon were returned and retired 

shares of the Company s common stock, were terminated and canceled 

F- 32 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

, which is included in other income (expenses) in the accompanying consolidated statement
of operations. Due to the redemption of the shares previously owned by Ribbon, Ribbon is no longer considered a related party. 

per month, plus reimbursement for
out-of-pocket expenses. The Consulting Agreement, which had an initial term of three months, was terminated in July 2022. 

is included in Interest expense related parties in
the consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2021, Accounts payable and accrued expenses includes related
accrued interest of . In March 2022, all amounts owing under the 2021 Note were repaid in connection with the sale of Computex. 

International 

Total revenues 

Revenues by Verticals (or Sector) 

Finance 

Manufacturing and logistics 

Public sector 

Technology service providers 

Other 
 
 -

Total revenues 

F- 33 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

shares had been
authorized for issuance under the Plan, of which shares remained available for issuance. The RSUs were issued to certain directors,
employees and, in one case, a contractor, and can only be settled in shares. RSUs awarded to directors are time-based. 

Expected life of awards (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Granted 

Vested and delivered 

Vested, not delivered 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested and delivered 

Vested, not delivered 

Forfeited 

Cancelled 

Unvested RSUs at December 31, 2022 

F- 34 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

The Company s policy is to determine
the fair value of performance-based awards and begin recognizing compensation expense for such awards when the targets are set. For performance-based
awards, compensation cost is recognized over the shorter of the performance or service period. For time-based awards, compensation expense
is recognized over the vesting period, based on the grant date fair value. Share-based compensation expense recognized consisted of the
following: 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

and , respectively.
Total compensation cost not yet recognized, related to unvested awards, as of December 31, 2022 was . 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net loss per common share 

2017 Private Placement 

2017 EBC Warrants 
 -

Series A Warrants 
 -

Series D Warrants 
 -

Monroe Warrants 

Penny Warrants 

Shares underlying certain unit purchase options (issued in 2017) 
 -

Unvested RSUs 

Vested, not delivered RSUs 

F- 35 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Return to provision 

Change in valuation allowance 

Change in unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants 

Other deferred tax adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Provision 
 
 - 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued liabilities 

Uniform capitalization of inventory for tax 
 -

Contribution carryover 

Research and development costs 
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Intangible assets 

Transaction costs 
 -

Disallowed interest 

Stock compensation 

Tax depreciation in excess of book 
 
 -

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Prepaid expenses 

Operating lease, right-of-use asset 
 
 -

Tax depreciation in excess of book 
 -

Net deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 -
 
 -

F- 36 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(In thousands, except
share and per share data, or as otherwise noted) 

December 31, 2022 

. Of this amount, expires in , while the remaining amounts have an indefinite carryforward
period but are subject to a limitation of of taxable income each year. The Company also had state net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately with various expiration periods beginning in 2029. The Company is subject to an annual 382 limitation on the
amount of net operating loss carryforward that can be used in a carryforward year. 

that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
Also, the Company does not expect any of the uncertain tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of the
reporting date. The following is a tabular roll forward of the Company s uncertain tax position: 

Additions for tax positions taken in the current year 

Unrecognized tax benefits - end of year 

for the remaining scope of work in connection with a contract which the Company terminated.
The Company and the parties agreed on a settlement of , which was paid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

/s/ Kevin
 Keough 

Name: 
 Kevin Keough 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Adrian
 Foltz 

Name: 
 Adrian Foltz 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: April 7, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kevin Keough, his or her attorney-in-fact, with the
full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K,
and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary
to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming
all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Lawrence E. Mock, Jr. 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Lawrence E. Mock, Jr 

/s/ Kevin J. Keough 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Kevin J. Keough 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Darrell J. Mays 
 
 Executive Vice Chairman and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Darrell J. Mays 

/s/ Adrian Foltz 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Adrian Foltz 
 
 (principal financial officer) 

/s/ Onex P. Evans 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Onex P. Evans 
 
 (principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Mark Downs 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Mark Downs 

/s/ U. Bertram Ellis, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 U. Bertram Ellis, Jr. 

/s/ Carolyn Byrd 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Carolyn Byrd 

/s/ Karl Krapek 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Karl Krapek 

/s/ Dennis Lockhart 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Dennis Lockhart 

/s/
Dr. Klaas Baks 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Dr. Klaas Baks 

/s/ Kent Mathy 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Kent Mathy 

/s/ Robert Willis 
 
 Director and Vice Chairman Capital Markets 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Robert Willis 

/s/ Charles Sweet 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 
 
 Charles Sweet 

48 

<EX-4.18>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-18_american.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.18 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following summary of the material terms of
the securities of American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation we, us, our 
or the company ), is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject
to and qualified by reference to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Charter ),
our amended and restated bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws ), and the warrant agreement, dated as of July 27, 2017, between
the company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Warrant Agreement ), in each case incorporated by reference
as exhibits to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and applicable
Delaware law, including the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). We urge you to read the Charter, the Bylaws and
the Warrant Agreement in their entireties for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

General 

We are authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. No shares of preferred
stock are currently outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Voting Power 

Our stockholders of record are entitled to one
vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in
any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, the holders of our common stock will possess all voting power for the
election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action. No holder of any series of preferred stock, as such, shall
be entitled to any voting powers in respect thereof. 

Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 

Subject to applicable law, and the rights, if any,
of the holders of any outstanding series of the preferred stock, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company, the holders our
common stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to our stockholders, ratably
in proportion to the number of shares of common stock held by them. 

Election of Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares eligible
to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Conversion, Redemption and Preemptive Rights 

Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive
or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Charter
and Bylaws 

Staggered Board of Directors 

Our Charter provides that our board of directors
is classified into three classes of directors of approximately equal size. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control
of our board of directors only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. Furthermore, because our board
of directors is classified, directors may be removed only with cause by a majority of our outstanding shares. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director
Nominations 

Our Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received
by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the
open of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant
to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained
therein. Our Bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may
preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at
our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred
stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the registered holder to
purchase one share of common stock at a price of 172.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his, her or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. 

The exercise price and number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary
dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of
shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or
official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After
the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_american.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

AMERICAN VIRTUAL CLOUD
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Place of Incorporation 

Stratos Management Systems, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

First Byte Computers, Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 

eNet Solutions, LLC 
 
 Texas 

Computex, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

AVCtechnologies USA, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

AVCTechnologies Canada Ltd 
 
 Canada 

American Virtual Cloud Technologies Ireland, Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Kandy Communications LLC 
 
 Delaware 

American Virtual Cloud Technologies Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_american.htm
 CONSENT OF UHY, LLP.

Exhibit 23.1 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in Form S-8 (File number 333-254058) and Form S-3 (File numbers 333-258136, 333-261499, 333-261935, 333-262466, 333-265083 and 333-268443)
of American Virtual Technologies, Inc. of our report dated April 7, 2023 on our audits of the financial statements of American Virtual
Cloud Technologies, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 included in the 2022 Annual Report of American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K. 

 /s/
UHY LLP 

Melville, New York 

 April 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_american.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Kevin J. Keough, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 7, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin J. Keough 

Kevin J. Keough 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_american.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Adrian Foltz, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of American Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated April 7, 2023 
 /s/ Adrian Foltz 

Adrian Foltz 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_american.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of American
Virtual Cloud Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Kevin Keough, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Adrian
Foltz, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to our best knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after
the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin J. Keough 

Kevin J. Keough 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Adrian Foltz 

Adrian Foltz 

Chief Financial Officer 
(principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 avct-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 avct-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 avct-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 avct-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 avct-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

