<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1848898_0001213900-23-030247.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4867523</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>647961</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>953497</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1155332</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1026691</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>948758</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030247.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417162042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030247
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001848898
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40722
		FILM NUMBER:		23824211

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WORLD TRADE CENTER
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 85
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 257-0069

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WORLD TRADE CENTER
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 85
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030247.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_10xcapital2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to ________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant VCXAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share VCXAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Smaller reporting company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of
the Registrant, was approximately million. 

At
April 10, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 55 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 55 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 55 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 55 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 
 55 

PART II 
 
 56 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 56 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 58 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 58 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 63 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 64 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 64 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 
 64 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosures
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 64 

PART III 
 
 65 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 65 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation. 
 74 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 74 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 77 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 
 80 

PART IV 
 
 81 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 81 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary. 
 82 

SIGNATURES 
 83 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included
in this Annual Report, including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy, plans to consummate our initial business
combination, statements about the business operations and prospects of African Agriculture (as defined below) and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, 
 intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance but reflect management s
current beliefs based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Actual results and shareholders 
value will be affected by a variety of risks and factors, including, without limitation, international, national and local economic conditions,
merger, acquisition and business combination risks, financing risks, geo-political risks, acts of terror or war and those risk factors
described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the Securities and
Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, we disclaim any intention
or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

All
such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking
to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations
with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law.
All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety
by this Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

ii 

PART
I 

References
in this Annual Report to we, us, our, 10X II or the Company are
to 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our
 Sponsor refer to 10X Capital SPAC Sponsor II LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on February 10, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, we are a shell company as defined under the Exchange
Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. We are an emerging growth company, and as such,
we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
August 13, 2021 (the Close Date ), we consummated an initial public offering of 20,000,000 units (the Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses (the Public
Offering ). Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary
shares or public shares ), and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Public
Warrant ), with each Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment. Only whole Public Warrants may be exercised and no fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units, and only whole Public Warrants may be traded. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 655,000 Units (the Private
Placement Units to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement
Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 6,550,000 (the Private Placement ). Each Private Placement Unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share (the Private Placement Shares and one-third of one redeemable warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ). No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
with respect to the Private Placement. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In the Private Placement, the Sponsor purchased 455,000 Private Placement Units,
and Cantor purchased 200,000 Private Placement Units. The Private Placement Units are identical to the Units, except that the Private
Placement Units (including the underlying securities) are subject to certain transfer restrictions and the holders thereof are entitled
to certain registration rights, and, if held by the original holder or their permitted assigns, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may
be exercised on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to redemption and (iii) with respect to such Private Placement Warrants held by
Cantor, will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in the Public Offering. If the Private Placement
Units are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, then the Private Placement Warrants included
in the Private Placement Units will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants included
in the Units sold in the Public Offering. 

We
received gross proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement of 200,000,000 and 6,550,000, respectively, for an aggregate
of 206,550,000. A total of 200,000,000, comprised of 196,000,000 of the proceeds from the Public Offering (which amount includes 7,000,000
of the underwriter s deferred discount) and 4,000,000 of the proceeds of the Private Placement, was placed in a U.S.-based trust
account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental acting
as trustee. In connection with the Extension (as defined below), a total of 212 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 15,357,970
Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 74.4 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. As a result,
an aggregate of 154,906,130.25 (or approximately 10.09 per share) was released from the Trust Account to pay such shareholders. In
the future, a portion of interest income on the funds held in the Trust Account may be released to us to pay tax obligations. 

1 

Following
the Public Offering and the Private Placement, after payment of costs related to the Public Offering, we had 2,385,893 held outside
of the Trust Account. On November 14, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note (as amended and restated on November 14, 2022, the
 2022 Note to the Sponsor for an aggregate principal amount of up to 800,000 for working capital purposes Working
Capital Loan ). The 2022 Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of the consummation of our initial business
combination and the day prior to the date we elect to liquidate and dissolve in accordance with the provisions of our Charter (such earlier
date, the Maturity Date ). The 2022 Note may also be converted into additional private placement-equivalent units (the Working
Capital Units ), at a price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the holder of the 2022 Note at any time on or prior to the Maturity
Date. The Working Capital Units are identical to our Private Placement Units, with each Working Capital Unit consisting of one Class
A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Working Capital Warrants ). As of December 31, 2022, we had
 37,000 held outside of the Trust Account. 

We
now have until May 13, 2023 (the Termination Date ), or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with
our Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter ), to consummate our initial business
combination (the Combination Period ). If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by such date and
do not obtain an additional extension, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us (less taxes payable and up
to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining public shareholders and our board of directors (the Board ), liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case
to our obligations under the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act to provide for claims
of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 

Termination
of the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement 

On
March 31, 2022, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement with 10X Magic First
Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company First Merger Sub ), 10X Magic Second
Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Second Merger Sub ), and
Prime Blockchain Inc., a Delaware corporation PrimeBlock ). 

On
August 12, 2022, we, First Merger Sub, Second Merger Sub and PrimeBlock entered into a mutual termination of merger agreement (the Termination
Agreement ), pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement effective as of such date.
As a result of the termination of the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement, the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement and the Support Agreements (as defined
in the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement) are of no further force and effect. 

In
addition, pursuant to its terms, that certain stock purchase agreement, dated March 31, 2022 by and between the Company and CF Principal
Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, was automatically terminated upon the termination of the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
November 2, 2022, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of January 3, 2023 (the First Amendment ), and as may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the AA Merger Agreement with 10X AA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company AA Merger Sub ), and African Agriculture, Inc., a Delaware corporation African Agriculture ). 

Pursuant
to the AA Merger Agreement, we will, subject to obtaining the required shareholder approvals and at least one day prior to the Effective
Time (as defined in the AA Merger Agreement), change our jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted
company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Domestication ).
Following the Domestication, AA Merger Sub will merge with and into African Agriculture (the Merger ), with African Agriculture
surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In connection with the closing of the Merger (the Closing ),
we will change our name to African Agriculture Holdings Inc. New African Agriculture ). The Domestication,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the AA Merger Agreement are referred to herein as the Business Combination. 

2 

The
AA Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the Closing is subject to
certain conditions as further described in the AA Merger Agreement, a
copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report . 

Pursuant
to the First Amendment, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report, African Agriculture has agreed to provide all necessary
assistance and cooperation in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Charter to further extend the term of the Company, if necessary,
including paying all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of African Agriculture, the Company and AA Merger Sub (including, but
not limited to, fees and expenses of outside counsel and any other agents, advisors, consultants, experts and financial advisors, employed
by or on behalf of African Agriculture, the Company or AA Merger Sub) related to such extension. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into an acquiror support agreement (the Acquiror Support Agreement with African Agriculture, and our Sponsor and directors and officers (collectively, the Class B Holders ), pursuant to which
the Class B Holders agreed to, among other things, (i) vote in favor of the Business Combination, the Domestication and the other Proposals
(as defined in the AA Merger Agreement) and (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination,
in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Acquiror Support Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an
exhibit to this Annual Report. As of the date of this Annual Report, and due to the redemption of 15,357,970 public shares in connection
with the shareholder vote to approve the extension of the date by which we must complete an initial business combination, the Sponsor
owns 48.4 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. 

In
connection with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into support agreements with African Agriculture and certain of
its stockholders (each an African Agriculture Support Agreement ), pursuant to which each such stockholder agreed to (i)
vote all shares of common stock of African Agriculture held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the Business Combination, (ii)
be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination and (iii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions
with respect to such securities prior to the Closing of the Business Combination, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the African Agriculture Support Agreements, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, on November 4, 2022 and on November 8, 2022, certain investors of the Company (the 10X
II Investors entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements with us and our Sponsor. Pursuant
to the Non-Redemption Agreements, a form of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report, the 10X II Investors agreed for the benefit
of the Company to (i) vote certain ordinary shares owned or acquired (the Subject 10X II Equity Securities ), representing
3,705,743 ordinary shares in the aggregate, in favor of the Extension Proposal (as defined below) and (ii) not redeem the Subject 10X
II Equity Securities in connection with such proposal. In connection with these commitments from the 10X II Investors, the Sponsor has
agreed to transfer to each 10X II Investor an amount of its Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company (the
 Founder Shares or Class B ordinary shares on or promptly after the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into a standby equity purchase agreement SEPA with YA II PN,
Ltd. Yorkville pursuant to which, subject to the consummation of the Business Combination, New African Agriculture has
the option, but not the obligation, to issue, and Yorkville shall subscribe for, an aggregate amount of up to 100 million of common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New African Agriculture New African Agriculture Common Stock at the time of New
African Agriculture s choosing during the term of the agreement, subject to certain limitations, including caps on issuance and
subscriptions based on trading volumes. Each advance under the SEPA (an Advance may be for an aggregate amount of New
African Agriculture Common Stock purchased at 96 of the Market Price during a one-day pricing period or 97 of the Market Price during
a three-day pricing period elected by New African Agriculture. The Market Price is defined in the SEPA as the VWAP (as
defined below) during the trading day, in the case of a one-day pricing period, or the lowest daily VWAP of the three consecutive trading
days, in the case of a three-day pricing period, commencing on the trading day on which New African Agriculture submits an Advance
notice to Yorkville. VWAP means, for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of New African Agriculture
Common Stock for such date on Nasdaq as reported by Bloomberg L.P. during regular trading hours or such other period in the case
of a one-day trading period. The SEPA will continue for a term of three years commencing from the sixth trading day following
the closing of the Business Combination (the SEPA Effective Date ). 

3 

Pursuant
to the SEPA, New African Agriculture will pay to Yorkville a commitment fee of 1.0 million, which is to be paid on the SEPA Effective
Date. New African Agriculture can elect to pay the commitment fee by issuing New African Agriculture Common Stock to Yorkville in an
amount equal to the commitment fee divided by the average daily VWAP for the five consecutive trading days prior to the date such
payment is due . 

Concurrently
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into an OTC equity prepaid forward transaction confirmation (the Forward
Purchase Agreement with African Agriculture and Vellar Opportunity Fund SPV LLC Series 8 Vellar ), a client
of Cohen Company Financial Management, LLC, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report, pursuant to which, among
other things, Vellar (i) intends, but is not obligated, to purchase an aggregate of 4,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, subject to automatic
reduction to equal the amount of our ordinary shares outstanding as of the redemption deadline and subject to increase to up to 10,000,000
upon mutual agreement by us and Vellar, and (ii) agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with
the Business Combination. 

For
more information about the AA Merger Agreement and the proposed Business Combination, see the preliminary prospectus/proxy statement
included in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-269342) originally filed by us with the SEC on January 20, 2023, as
amended from time to time (the Form S-4 ). Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report does not give effect to the proposed
Business Combination and does not contain the risks associated with the proposed Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating
to the proposed Business Combination will be included in the Form S-4. 

Extension 

On
November 9, 2022, we held an extraordinary general meeting at which our shareholders approved, by special resolution, the proposal to
amend and restate our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which we must (1) consummate
our initial business combination, (2) cease our operations except for the purpose of winding up if we fail to complete such initial business
combination, and (3) redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares included as part of the Units sold in our Public Offering from
November 13, 2022 to the Termination Date (the Extension, and such proposal, the Extension Proposal ).
In connection with the Extension, a total of 212 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 15,357,970 Class A ordinary shares,
representing approximately 74.4 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. As a result, an aggregate of 154,906,130.25
(or approximately 10.09 per share) was released from the Trust Account to pay such shareholders. 

Business
Strategy 

We
seek to capitalize on the significant relationships of our Chief Executive Officer, Hans Thomas, and our management team to identify,
evaluate and acquire high growth technology and tech-enabled businesses domestically and abroad in the consumer internet, ecommerce,
software, healthcare, transportation/mobility and financial services industries, as well as other industries that are being disrupted
by advances in technology and on technology paradigms including artificial intelligence AI ), automation, data science,
ecommerce, Software-as-a-Service SaaS and agriculture. If we elect to pursue an investment outside of those industries,
our management s expertise related to those industries may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information
contained in this Annual Report regarding that industry might not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. 

Following
the Great Recession of 2008, technology companies have experienced a significant increase in private funding, with venture capital backed
startups raising an annual peak of 344.7 billion in 2021 up from 37 billion in 2008, or roughly a 9x increase, according to the Pitchbook
National Venture Capital Association venture monitor. We believe that venture capitalist Marc Andreessen s prediction that software
will eat the world is coming to fruition. 

4 

This
increase in private funding, however, has not been evenly dispersed, as later stage venture capital firms and growth equity investors
have adopted a winner takes all view of private markets. This view is evidenced by the concentrated allocation of a significant
amount of capital to a relatively small number of companies, with the top 1 of U.S. venture-backed companies in 2022 receiving 27 of
all funding. This effect is similarly pronounced in late stage venture rounds, where 1 of U.S. late stage venture-backed companies raised
over 25 of all capital in 2022, according to Pitchbook Data. 

We
believe that the traditional initial public offering IPO market is fundamentally underserving the interests of high growth,
middle market companies. The first day IPO pops of Agora Inc. (Nasdaq: API) (153 ), Lemonade Inc. (NYSE: LMND) (139 and
Vroom, Inc. (Nasdaq: VRM) (118 ), among others, have supported the notion that despite demonstrable investor demand, the traditional
IPO process underprices high growth companies. Data compiled by Marker indicates that the average company that went public in 2020 left
 110 million on the table. Agora, ZoomInfo Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: ZI) and Vroom each saw their share prices rise 500 million on
the first day, ostensibly leaving much of that appreciation on the table. 

These
combined private and public market factors have led to a proliferation of private companies who face capital and valuation constraints
in the private markets, for whom there may be significant investor demand in the public markets, but who may be deterred from utilizing
the traditional IPO channel to access more efficient capital. These companies represent a significant and addressable target market for
us. We estimate that there are more than 2,000 current private venture capital and private equity backed companies who would have a potential
post-combination enterprise value of 500 million to 3 billion based on the valuation implied at their last round of funding, representing
more than 1 trillion in combined enterprise value that may be suitable targets for us, according to data from PitchBook Data as of December
31, 2022. 

Our
mission is to create a better solution to the conventional IPO for these high growth, disruptive technology and technology-enabled companies,
which addresses their needs for capital and liquidity, while overcoming the key points of friction in the traditional IPO path. 

Initial
Business Combination Criteria 

Although
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, we are focusing our efforts on identifying high growth technology
and tech-enabled businesses domestically and abroad in the consumer internet, ecommerce, software, healthcare and financial services
industries, as well as other industries that are being disrupted by advances in technology and on technology paradigms, including AI,
automation, data science, ecommerce, SaaS and agriculture. 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We have used these criteria as guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, including the Business Combination.
In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated, we will continue to use these criteria to evaluate acquisition opportunities,
but we may decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that does not meet these guidelines. 

Public
 company-ready: We are seeking out targets with established governance, financial controls
 and reporting policies in place, ready to operate in the public markets. 

Strong
 value proposition for public investors: We are focusing on companies who have a likelihood
 of being positively received by public company investors, and who may reasonably be expected
 to have good access to public capital markets. 

Expansion
 potential: We are seeking out companies that possess significant expansion opportunities,
 which may be facilitated by their status as a public company and access to public capital. 

Differentiated
 product or service: We are seeking out companies with competitive advantages that can maintain
 and grow market share against incumbent and emerging competitors. 

Experienced
 management team: We are seeking out companies with strong, experienced management teams or
 that provide a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving
 growth and profitability. 

5 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet
the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents
or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target business, such as
African Agriculture, we expect to conduct a due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities, and a review of financial and other
information made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We do not
pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection
with our initial business combination. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our
initial business combination. The Board will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination.
If the Board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or
a valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our Board will not
be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so
if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as
to the value of the target s assets or prospects. In addition, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must
be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of
the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the initial business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the
initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion
of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of net assets test
described above. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based
on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

We
are not presently engaged in any operations. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of
our Public Offering and the Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination,
shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the
foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in
its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

6 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including
for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash
than is available from the proceeds held in our Trust Account or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Class
A ordinary shares upon completion of the initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt
in connection with such initial business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection
with our initial business combination. At this time, other than the Forward Purchase Agreement and the SEPA, we are not party to any
arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence
of debt or otherwise. 

Sourcing
of Potential Initial Business Combination Targets 

We
believe our management team is well positioned to identify unique opportunities across the private company landscape. Our selection process
leverages our relationships with leading technology company founders, executives of private and public companies, venture capitalists,
private equity and growth equity funds. 

African
Agriculture is not affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our executive officers or directors, but in the event we do not consummate the
Business Combination, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our
Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or completing the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared
ownership with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a
target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm stating that our initial
business combination is fair to us from a financial point of view. 

Members
of our management team and our independent directors may, directly or indirectly, own Founder Shares and/or Private Placement Units and,
accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Further,
each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the
retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect
to our initial business combination. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. Our Charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us, and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter that may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on
the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours
or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. In particular,
affiliates of our Sponsor are currently sponsoring another blank check company founded by 10X Capital, 10X Capital Venture Acquisition
Corp. III 10X III ). 10X III may seek to complete a business combination in any location and is focusing on business combinations
in the consumer internet, ecommerce, software, healthcare and financial services industries. Further, Mr. Thomas, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman, serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of 10X III. Any such companies, businesses or investments, including
10X III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any
such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

7 

Corporate
Information 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the Close Date, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates does not equal or exceed 250.0 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal
or exceed 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not
equal or exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it
may also make comparison of our consolidated financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available in our Trust Account for an initial business combination in the amount of approximately 39,898,011 (assuming no redemptions),
after payment of 7,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options, such as creating a liquidity
event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by
reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities,
or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. For example, pursuant to the AA Merger Agreement, at Closing, (i) each
share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New African Agriculture shall automatically convert, on a one-for-one
basis, into a duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of New African Agriculture Common Stock, (ii) each
share of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New African Agriculture shall automatically convert, on a one-for-one
basis, into a share of New African Agriculture Common Stock, (iii) each issued and outstanding whole warrant to purchase Class A
ordinary shares of 10X II will become exercisable for New African Agriculture Common Stock beginning 30 days after the Closing at
an exercise price of 11.50 per share on the terms and conditions set forth in the warrant agreement and (iv) each share of common
stock of African Agriculture issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement), shall
be converted into the right to receive the number of shares of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of
New African Agriculture Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the
sum of (1) 450,000,000 and (2) the aggregate amount of any Company Pre-Closing Financing (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
by (ii) ten dollars 10) by (y) the Aggregate Fully Diluted Company Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement). However,
other than the SEPA and the Forward Purchase Agreement, which are mainly intended to provide liquidity to the post-business combination
business of New African Agriculture, we have not secured third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to
us. 

8 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business, including the African Agriculture management team, when
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s
management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities
to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently
be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined
company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain
associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full
efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management
team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of the Charter.
However, we will seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and, if the Business Combination is not consummated, of any future
proposed initial business combination if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary
 shares then outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a
 5 or greater interest earned on the Trust Account (or such persons collectively have a 10 
 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired
 or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an
 increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
 of control. 

9 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor and other holders, excluding certain qualified institutional buyers who agreed
to purchase a specified number of Units in our Public Offering (the Anchor Investors ), who owned Founder Shares prior to
the Public Offering (collectively, the Initial Shareholders ), directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase shares or Public Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase in such transactions, subject
to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such
transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be
used to purchase shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making
any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event that our Initial Shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under
the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules,
the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with
a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could be to reduce
the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote such Public Warrants on any matters submitted to the Warrant holders for approval
in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
Initial Shareholders, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our Initial
Shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting
us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our
mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have
expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination,
whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares
have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, executive officers,
directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and
number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Our
Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate
Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16
of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

10 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination, including the Business Combination, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number
of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. As of December 31, 2022,
the amount in the Trust Account was approximately 10.16 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. Our Initial Shareholders,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. The Anchor Investors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Limitations
on Redemptions 

Our
Charter provides that in no event will we redeem our Class A ordinary shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to
be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target
or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed
the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such
business combination, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however,
raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection
with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements, in order to, among
other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination, as
in the case of the Business Combination, or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we
will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require
us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would
not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we
issue more than 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our Charter would require shareholder approval. So long as we
maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval rules. 

The
requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares by one of the two methods
listed above is contained in provisions of our Charter and applies whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act
or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. 

If
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder meeting,
we will: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

11 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the Company. In accordance with our Charter, a quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of
ordinary shares of the Company representing at least one-third of the voting power of all outstanding ordinary shares of the Company
entitled to vote at such meeting. Our Initial Shareholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our
Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares they hold and any Class A ordinary shares purchased after our
Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions), and the Anchor Investors have agreed to vote any Founder
Shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes
will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our Initial
Shareholders Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares underlying the Private Placement Units, we would need only 194,521, or
approximately 3.7 of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have
our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Assuming that only one-third of our issued and
outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our Charter, are voted, we will not need any Class A ordinary shares in addition
to our Founder Shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have an initial business combination approved.
In the event that the Anchor Investors hold all of their Class A ordinary shares until prior to consummation of our initial business
combination and vote their Class A ordinary shares in favor of our initial business combination, in addition to the Founder Shares, no
affirmative votes from other public shareholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. The Anchor Investors
are not required to vote any of their Class A ordinary shares in favor of our initial business combination or for or against any other
matter presented for a shareholder vote. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our Initial Shareholders and
the Anchor Investors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect
to redeem its Class A ordinary shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were
a shareholder on the record date for the shareholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. The Anchor Investors will not
be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
 issuer tender offers; and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination,
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than a specified number of Class A ordinary shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem Class A ordinary
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If public shareholders tender more shares than
we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we
or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open
market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

We
intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their
shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent
or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials,
this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition,
if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its
Class A ordinary shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in
which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our Class A ordinary shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we
are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently
process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay
redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue
to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem
their shares. 

12 

Our
Charter provides that in no event will we redeem our Class A ordinary shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to
be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem
any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements,
in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Shareholder Approval 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Charter provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Public
Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not
purchased by us or our Sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting
our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe
we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business
combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. 

Delivering
Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

As
described above, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer
agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In
addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its Class A ordinary shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our Class A ordinary shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we
are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business
days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender
offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender
offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders
to use electronic delivery of their Class A ordinary shares. 

13 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the
DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it
would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless
of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares
is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption
rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that
the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders
of our Class A ordinary shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
the Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target
until the Termination Date, or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our Charter. 

Redemption
of Class A ordinary shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to
lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
by (B) the total number of then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Board, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under the Companies Act to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements
of applicable law. 

There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our Warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period. 

Our
Initial Shareholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, and the Anchor Investors have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. However, if our
Initial Shareholders, our management team or the Anchor Investors acquire Class A ordinary shares, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Class A ordinary shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the Combination Period. 

Our
Initial Shareholders, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares. However, we may not redeem our Class A ordinary shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an
excessive number of Class A ordinary shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with
the amendment or the related redemption of our Class A ordinary shares at such time. 

14 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 37,000 held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022, which amount
includes 600,000 of proceeds from the Working Capital Loan provided under the 2022 Note, although we cannot assure you that there will
be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes, we may request
the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, other than the proceeds deposited in the
Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account and any tax payments or expenses for the
dissolution of the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 10.16. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher
priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
will not be substantially less than 10.16. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds
sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account,
our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with
such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in our best interests under the circumstances.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The
underwriter of our Public Offering and our independent registered public accounting firm did not execute agreements with us waiving such
claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by
a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our Public Offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we
believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be
able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your Class A ordinary shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per share due to
reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would
determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that
our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us,
it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less
than 10.00 per share. 

15 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our Sponsor will also not
be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 1,200,000 from the proceeds of our Public Offering with which to
pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no
more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities
is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our Board may be
viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and the
Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our Class A ordinary
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote
to amend our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our
initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust
Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting
in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions
of our Charter, like all provisions of our Charter, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to
encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies,
private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these
entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates.
Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger
target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing
the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise
their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding Warrants, and
the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We
currently utilize office space at 1 World Trade Center, 85 th Floor, New York, New York 10007 from our Sponsor and the members
of our management team. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

16 

Employees 

We
currently have four executive officers: Hans Thomas, David Weisburd, Guhan Kandasamy and Oliver Wriedt. These individuals are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs
until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in.
We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including
the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by
our independent registered public accountants. 

We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood,
these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may conduct an initial business combination with because
some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules
and complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period. We cannot assure you that any particular target business
identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements
outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements
outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While
this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, we will be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such target
business to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied
for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with the Tax Concessions Act (As
Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands
imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no
tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable
(i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment
of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums
due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

17 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the Close Date, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Below is a summary of the principal risk factors that make an investment
in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks
summarized in this summary of risk factors, and other risks that we face, can be found below in Risk Factors and
should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report. Our principal risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

We
 are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis
 on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our
 public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
 combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our Founder Shares will participate in
 such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
 of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders
 and management team have agreed to vote, and the Anchor Investors have agreed to vote any
 Founder Shares held by them, in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of
 how our public shareholders vote. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless
 we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
 would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
 your shares. 

The
 reduced size of our Trust Account may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial
 business combination. 

There
 are no assurances that the Extension will enable us to complete an initial business combination. 

The
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period
 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
 targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our
 ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for
 our shareholders. 

We
 may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period,
 in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and redeem
 our Class A ordinary shares and liquidate. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders,
 directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
 or Public Warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
 combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. 

18 

If
 a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Class A ordinary shares
 in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
 for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
 your Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You
 will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
 companies. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions
 pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are
 deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability
 to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
 to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their
 pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to
 public shareholders, and our Warrants will expire worthless. 

If
 the net proceeds of our Public Offering and Private Placement not being held in the Trust
 Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least the end of the Combination
 Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
 and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor
 or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business
 combination. 

The
 SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of
 the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine
 to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
 to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which
 we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC
 Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the
 Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

If
 we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we
 would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would
 be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify
 our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon
 our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead to liquidate the Company. 

19 

Risk
Factors 

You
should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report. If any
of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. The risks set forth below do not include specific risks relating to our proposed Business
Combination, or the risks inherent in African Agriculture s business, which are included in the Form S-4. Additional risks and
uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks
Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination 

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote,
holders of our Founder Shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

While
we intend to seek shareholder approval of the proposed Business Combination, we may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve
an alternative initial business combination if the business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval
under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing
of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek
shareholder approval, as we intend to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination, the holders of our Founder Shares will
participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority of our public
shareholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders and management team have agreed to vote, and
the Anchor Investors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them, in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of
how our public shareholders vote. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, and due to the redemption of 15,357,970 public shares in connection with the Extension, our Initial
Shareholders own 48.4 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our Initial Shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase
Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our Charter provides that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial
business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
voted at such meeting, including the Founder Shares. As a result, in addition to our Initial Shareholders Founder Shares and Private
Placement Shares underlying the Private Placement Units, we would need only 194,521, or approximately 3.7 of the outstanding Class A
ordinary shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming
all outstanding shares are voted). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, as we intend to
do in the proposed Business Combination, the agreement by our Initial Shareholders and management team to vote, and the agreement by
the Anchor Investors to vote any Founder Shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood
that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. In the event that the Anchor Investors
hold all of their Class A ordinary shares until prior to consummation of our initial business combination and vote their Class A ordinary
shares in favor of our initial business combination, in addition to the Founder Shares, no affirmative votes from other public shareholders
would be required to approve our initial business combination. The Anchor Investors are not required to vote any of their Class A ordinary
shares in favor of our initial business combination or for or against any other matter presented for a shareholder vote. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. While we intend to seek shareholder approval of the proposed Business Combination, our Board may choose to complete
an alternative business combination without seeking shareholder approval. As a result, unless we seek such shareholder approval, public
shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect
the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period
of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which
we describe our initial business combination. 

20 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. For example, the AA Merger Agreement includes a closing condition that we must
have at least 10,000,000 in cash or cash commitments (after taking into account any redemptions by our public shareholders and certain
transaction expenses). If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights and Vellar is unable to purchase such amount
of shares pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not
be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our Class A ordinary shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above,
we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination.
Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not, and at the time we entered into the AA Merger
Agreement, we did not, know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction
based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, as in the AA Merger Agreement, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements,
or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results
in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time
of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will
not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute
to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after
such redemptions, the amount held in the Trust Account will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting
commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us to optimize
our capital structure. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, like the AA Merger Agreement does, the probability that our initial business
combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata
portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell
your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust
Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with
your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

21 

The
reduced size of our Trust Account may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination. 

On
November 9, 2022, we held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to vote on the Extension Proposal. In connection with the
Extension, shareholders elected to redeem 15,357,970 Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 74.4 of the issued and
outstanding Class A ordinary shares. As a result, an aggregate of 154,906,130.25 (or approximately 10.09 per share) was released
from the Trust Account to pay such shareholders. After giving effect to such redemptions, 46,898,010.69 remained in the Trust Account.
The resulting reduction of the amount available to us in the Trust Account may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business
combination on commercially acceptable terms or at all. As of December 31, 2022, we had funds in the Trust Account of 47,264,547.98. 

There
are no assurances that the Extension will enable us to complete an initial business combination. 

Even
though the Extension was approved, we can provide no assurances that an initial business combination, including the proposed Business
Combination, will be consummated prior to the end of the Combination Period. Our ability to consummate any business combination is dependent
on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In
connection with the Extension, a total of 212 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 15,357,970 Class A ordinary shares, representing
approximately 74.4 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, for an aggregate of 154,906,130.25 in cash. As of December
31, 2022, we had funds in the Trust Account of 47,264,547.98. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination within the Combination Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we
may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination
on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and redeem our Class A ordinary shares and liquidate. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate an initial business combination within the Combination Period. Our ability to consummate
any business combination is dependent on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as general market conditions,
volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. Although we are required to offer shareholders redemption
rights in connection with any shareholder vote to approve a business combination, or if we seek to further extend the date by which we
are required to complete our initial business combination at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to vote upon an amendment
to our Charter for such further extension (a Further Extension ), there may be no extraordinary general meeting of shareholders
to vote upon our initial business combination or a Further Extension before the Termination Date, the date by which we are required to
complete our initial business combination or be forced to liquidate. Even if our initial business combination or a Further Extension
is approved by our shareholders, it is possible that redemptions will leave us with insufficient cash to consummate our initial business
combination on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. The fact that we will have separate redemption periods in connection with a
shareholder vote upon a Further Extension and vote upon our initial business combination could exacerbate these risks. Other than in
connection with a redemption offer or liquidation, our shareholders may be unable to recover their investment, except through sales of
our securities on the open market. The price of our securities may be volatile, and there can be no assurance that shareholders will
be able to dispose of our securities at favorable prices, or at all. 

22 

If
we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Class A ordinary
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and
their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or Public Warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination,
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Initial
Shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or Public Warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are
under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our Initial Shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. Such
purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer
the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 

In
the event that our Initial Shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be
required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares
in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination
or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash
at the closing of our initial business combination (as the AA Merger Agreement does), where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could be to reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote
such Public Warrants on any matters submitted to the Warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. We expect any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants and the number
of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or
trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Class A ordinary shares in connection with our initial business combination,
or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Class A ordinary shares in connection with our initial business
combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit Class A ordinary shares
for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are
record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates
to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote
on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder
vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its Class A ordinary shares to also submit a written request for
redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included.
In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials,
as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Business Combination. 

23 

You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units are intended to be used to complete an initial business
combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United
States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and have filed a Current Report on Form
8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors
in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among
other things, this means our Units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business
combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit
the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released
to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and
if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the
ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination,
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Charter
provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer
to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares
(including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your
influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us
if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the
Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our Warrants
will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may
be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than
we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe
there are numerous target businesses, including African Agriculture, we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses
that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage
in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our Class A ordinary shares
the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via
a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust
Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our Warrants will expire worthless. 

24 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As
a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

If
the net proceeds of our Public Offering and Private Placement not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate
until at least the end of the Combination Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search, to
pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. 

As
of December 31, 2022, of the net proceeds of our Public Offering, only approximately 37,000 was available to us outside the Trust Account
to fund our working capital requirements. We cannot assure you that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account will be sufficient
to allow us to operate until at least the end of the Combination Period. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the
funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the
funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed
to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable
to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target
business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient
funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

If
we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to
operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from
funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Working
Capital Units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The Working Capital Units would be identical to the Private
Placement Units, with each Working Capital Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate
of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may
only receive approximately 10.10 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our Class A ordinary shares, and our Warrants will
expire worthless. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways
adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the
premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These
trends may continue into the future. 

25 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify
its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination company might need to incur greater expense and/or
accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse
impact on the post-business combination company s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from
claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our
directors and officers, the post-business combination company may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination company
and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (except for our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive
alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be in our best interests under the circumstances. The underwriter of our Public Offering as well
as our registered independent public accounting firm did not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the
Trust Account. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. 

Upon
redemption of our Class A ordinary shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period,
or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment
of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the
per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust
Account, due to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third
party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter
of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions less taxes payable, provided that such
lability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
as the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriter of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have
not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your Class A ordinary shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for
claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

26 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and the actual amount per public
share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly
yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years,
and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies
in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our
Charter, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest
income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received
by public shareholders. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or a winding-up petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to
recover such proceeds, and the members of our Board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our Board and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our
Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public shareholders
from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the Trust Account,
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and
those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to
comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

27 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial public
offerings by special purpose acquisition companies SPACs and business combination transactions involving SPACs and private
operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies;
update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection
with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination
transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. These rules,
if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate
and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

The
SEC has recently issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business
combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination.
The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the Company
at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures
in business combination transactions between SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements
applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business
combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent
to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs
a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition,
business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different
form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination
target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed
in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing an initial business combination, and may constrain
the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals
may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities
so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination
and instead to liquidate the Company. 

As
described further above, the SPAC Rule Proposals relate, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs, including companies
like ours, could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide
a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment
Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction.
Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing
that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date
of its registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination
no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. 

Because
the SPAC Rule Proposals have not yet been adopted, there is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company
Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours that does not complete its business combination within 24 months after the effective date
of the registration statement for its initial public offering. 

28 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities. 

In
addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we
 are currently not subject to. 

We
do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act,
we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able
to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect to abandon our efforts to complete an
initial business combination and instead to liquidate the Company. 

To
mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time,
instruct the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
of securities in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would
reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

The
funds in the Trust Account have, since our Public Offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of
185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment
company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, and we expect that we will, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the effective date of the registration statement on Form S-1 that we filed in connection with our Public Offering (the IPO
Registration Statement ), instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account,
to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds
in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation of the Company.
Following such liquidation, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account. However, interest
previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses
as permitted. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the
Trust Account in cash would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the
Company. 

In
addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed
to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations
or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk
that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the Company. Accordingly,
we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary,
and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive
upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce
timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 

As
a public company, we are required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among
other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each Annual Report on Form 10-K we file with the
SEC. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in internal control over financial reporting.
In the future, to the extent we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will
also be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in each Annual Report on Form 10-K to
be filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls
could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. We are also required to disclose
material changes made in our internal control over financial reporting on a quarterly basis. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, the stock exchange on which our securities are listed or
other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. Compliance with Section 404 requires
that we incur substantial costs and expend significant management efforts. 

29 

We
previously disclosed a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for a significant
and unusual transaction related to the improper classification of our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at the closing
of our Public Offering. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control around
the interpretation and accounting for certain complex financial instruments was not effectively designed or maintained. This material
weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s interim financial statements and notes for the quarter ended September 30,
2021. 

We
recognize the importance of the control environment as it sets the overall tone for the Company and is the foundation for all other components
of internal control. Consequently, we designed and implemented remediation measures to address the material weakness previously identified
in fiscal year 2021 and enhance our internal control over financial reporting. In light of the material weakness, we enhanced our processes
to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting
standards that apply to our condensed financial statements, including providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials
and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting
applications. Based on the actions taken, as well as the evaluation of the design of the new controls, we concluded that the controls
were operating effectively as of June 30, 2022. As a result, management concluded that the material weakness was remediated as of June
30, 2022. 

While
management has concluded that the previously identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting were remediated
as of June 30, 2022, we can give no assurance that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. We continue to
implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting could result in an increased probability of fraud, litigation from our shareholders, reduction in our ability to
obtain financing, and require additional expenditures to remediate. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in loss of investor confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our financial reports and a decline in our share price, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by
the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore,
our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and
thereby exposing themselves and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who
knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to
pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of 18,292.68
and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity
for our shareholders to elect directors. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual
or extraordinary general meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded
the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our Board is divided into three classes, with only
one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors elected prior to our first annual general
meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the
right to vote on the election of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

30 

If
we do not complete the proposed Business Combination, when we look for an alternate business combination target, we will not be limited
to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector, and you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations. 

We
may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, except that our Charter prohibits us from effectuating
a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. We intend to complete the proposed
Business Combination, and accordingly we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in African Agriculture s business operations
and industry, which are set forth in detail in the Form S-4. If we do not complete the proposed Business Combination, we may be affected
by numerous risks relating to the target with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an
entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of
a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, and have done so in connection with the proposed Business Combination, we cannot assure you that we
will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Class A ordinary shares will ultimately prove
to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in African Agriculture or another business
combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless
they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other
fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material
omission. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of
our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that
are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our Warrants will expire worthless. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a
financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our Board cannot independently determine the fair market value
of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying
is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment
of our Board, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used
will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

31 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date hereof to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we
may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur
any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies
held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account.
Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we do not complete the proposed Business Combination, we may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business
or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues
and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the
financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments.
Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a
single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

32 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we do not complete the proposed Business Combination and determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different
sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings
of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business
combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated
with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.
If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
are attempting to complete the proposed Business Combination with African Agriculture, a private company about which little information
is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We
are attempting to complete the proposed Business Combination with African Agriculture, a private company about which little information
is available. In pursuing our business combination strategy, if we do not complete the proposed Business Combination, we may seek to
effectuate an alternative initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists
about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
an initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
Charter does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our Class A ordinary shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination
may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital
or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. For example, the AA Merger Agreement
includes a closing condition that we must have at least 10,000,000 in cash or cash commitments (after taking into account any redemptions
by our public shareholders and certain transaction expenses). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination
even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, as we expect to do in connection with the proposed Business Combination,
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the
event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business
combination, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search
for an alternate business combination. 

33 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various
provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not
seek to amend our Charter or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination
that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions
of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have
amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business
combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or
other securities. Amending our Charter will require the approval of a special resolution, which is the affirmative vote of a majority
of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and amending our warrant agreement
will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private
Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the number of the
then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our Charter requires us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Class A ordinary shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period or
with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To
the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered in the Public Offering,
we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to
amend our Charter or governing instruments or further extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

The
provisions of our Charter that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary
shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company (or 65 of our Class A ordinary shares with respect to amendments to the
trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other
special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Charter to facilitate the completion of an initial
business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Our
Charter provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds
of the Public Offering and the Private Placement into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances,
and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, under
Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at
a general meeting of the Company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account
may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our Class A ordinary shares. Our Initial Shareholders, who collectively beneficially
own 48.4 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our Charter and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Charter that govern our pre-business combination
behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business
combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Charter. 

Our
Sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any
amendment to our Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination
Period or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Our shareholders
are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies
against our Sponsor, officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach,
our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

34 

Certain
agreements related to our Public Offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Each
of the agreements related to our Public Offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management
trust agreement, may be amended without shareholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among
us and our Initial Shareholders, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our Initial Shareholders; the
private placement units purchase agreements between us and our Sponsor and between us and Cantor; and the administrative services agreement
among us, our Sponsor and an affiliate of our Sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might
deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect
to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units and other securities held by our Initial Shareholders, officers and directors. Amendments
to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our Board, which may
do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our Board to approve
any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, other than in connection with such initial business
combination, it may be possible that our Board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve
one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination,
and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would
not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have
been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up
provision discussed above may result in our Initial Shareholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted,
which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

If
we are unable to complete the proposed Business Combination, we intend to seek alternative target businesses with enterprise values that
are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units. As a result,
if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption
by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot
assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be
unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or
abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain
additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available
for distribution to public shareholders, and our Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need
additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of
the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. 

Our
Initial Shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
Initial Shareholders own 48.4 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on
actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our Charter. If our Initial
Shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase
their control. Neither our Initial Shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to
purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the
current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing
a quorum under our Charter, are voted, we will not need any Class A ordinary shares in addition to our Founder Shares to be voted in
favor of an initial business combination in order to have an initial business combination approved. In addition, our Board, whose members
were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years
with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors
prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until
at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
Board, only a minority of the Board will be considered for election and our Initial Shareholders, because of their ownership position,
will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. In addition, the Founder Shares, all of which are held by our Initial Shareholders,
will, in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of a special resolution
being the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company),
entitle the holders of the Class B ordinary shares to ten votes for every Class B ordinary share of which they are a holder. This provision
of our Charter may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares voting
in a general meeting. 

35 

As
a result, you will not have any influence over our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business
combination. Accordingly, our Initial Shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business
combination. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and
 pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender
offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be
required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential
target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report.
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact
that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared
to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of
any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business
combination. 

Our
initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and Warrant holders. As a result
of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although
we will attempt to structure our initial business combination, including the proposed Business Combination, in a tax-efficient manner,
tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial
and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any
requisite shareholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires shareholders and/or Warrant holders
to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate
in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). We
do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or Warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination
or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a Warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination
with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares received. In addition, shareholders and Warrant holders may
also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, such
as African Agriculture, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could
be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations
and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may
have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U. S. taxing authorities. This additional
complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. 

36 

Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive
their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our Warrants
will expire worthless. 

Risks
Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through
a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise.
As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or
Warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or Warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such shareholders or Warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they
are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, including African Agriculture,
our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment
of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the
skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications
or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively
impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders or Warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or Warrant holders following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or Warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

37 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will
own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We
will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding
Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

Risks
Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may adversely affect us. 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may
face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect
such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would
be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

38 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

39 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws
or their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, any or all of our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the Company
and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business
may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may
have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various
regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U. S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

40 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital. 

Risks
Relating to Our Management Team 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i)
we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Past
performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational
purposes only. Past performance by our management team, including with respect to 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. 10X I or 10X III, is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will
be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance
of our management team s or businesses associated with them as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the
returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our Company. Although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately
prove to be less favorable to investors in our Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business
combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise,
our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained herein
regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire.
As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders
who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such
shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

41 

We
are dependent upon our directors and officers and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors and the
members of our advisory board. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers, directors and members of
our advisory board, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our Company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. 

Our
executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors, including 10X I and 10X III, for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation,
and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors
also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including 10X I and 10X III. If our executive officers and directors 
other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels,
it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

42 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be
presented. 

Until
consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior
to its presentation to us. Our Charter provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or
officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company
and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue,
and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In
addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other SPACs similar to ours or may pursue other business or
investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or ventures
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. In particular, affiliates of our Sponsor are
currently sponsoring another blank check company, 10X III. 10X III may seek to complete a business combination in any location and is
focusing on business combinations in the consumer internet, ecommerce, software, healthcare and financial services industries. Further,
Mr. Thomas, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of 10X III. Any such companies,
including 10X III, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any
such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

For
a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest
that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Members
of our management team and Board have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies.
Certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related
to those companies or otherwise. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming and could divert our management s
attention, and may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During
the course of their careers, members of our management team and Board have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers,
executives or employees of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain of those persons
have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including relating to the
business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise. Individual members of our management team
and Board also may become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings involving claims or allegations related to or as
a result of their personal conduct, either in their capacity as a corporate officer or director or otherwise, and may be personally named
in such actions and potentially subject to personal liability. Any such liability may or may not be covered by insurance and/or indemnification,
depending on the facts and circumstances. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming. Any litigation, investigations
or other proceedings and the potential outcomes of such actions may divert the attention and resources of our management team and Board
away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our
reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors
or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for
their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between
their interests and ours. 

43 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of
a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a
breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals
for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them
for such reason. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our Sponsor,
officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with
any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any
such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth
in Item 1. Business Initial Business Combination Criteria and such transaction was approved by a majority of our
independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which
is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a business
combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing
holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous
to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since
our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed
(other than with respect to Class A ordinary shares acquired after our Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
February 18, 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration
of 7,666,667 Founder Shares. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or
intangible. The purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to us by the number of
Founder Shares issued. 

The
number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum
of 23,000,000 units if the underwriter s over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares would
represent 25 of the outstanding ordinary shares after the Public Offering (not including the Class A ordinary shares underlying the
Private Placement Units). On October 19, 2021, our Sponsor forfeited 1,000,000 Founder Shares in connection with the expiration of the
underwriter s over-allotment option on the Public Offering. Additionally, following the Close Date, the Sponsor transferred an
aggregate of 1,334,339 Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors for the same price originally paid by the Sponsor for such shares. The
Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, simultaneously with the consummation
of our Public Offering, our Sponsor and Cantor purchased an aggregate of 655,000 Private Placement Units for an aggregate purchase price
of 6,550,000. The Private Placement Units will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal
and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial
business combination. This risk may become more acute as the end of the Combination Period nears, which is the deadline for our completion
of an initial business combination. 

44 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

Concentration
of ownership among our Sponsor and the Anchor Investors may prevent other investors from influencing significant corporate decisions
or adversely affect the trading price of our ordinary shares. 

The
Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 19,800,000 Units in our Public Offering. There can be no assurance as to the amount of Units
the Anchor Investors will retain, if any, prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. Currently, our Sponsor
and the Anchor Investors collectively own substantially all of our outstanding ordinary shares. As a result, these shareholders could
have substantial control over us and be able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval (although
we have no knowledge of any affiliation or other agreement or arrangement, as to voting of our securities or otherwise, among any such
persons). For example, in the event that the Anchor Investors continue to hold the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units and
vote such Class A ordinary shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would not need any additional Class A ordinary shares
to be voted in favor of our initial business combination to have our initial business combination approved. In addition, the Anchor Investors
purchased an aggregate of 1,334,339 Founder Shares following our Public Offering, which they have agreed to vote in favor of our initial
business combination. This potential concentration of influence could be disadvantageous to other shareholders with interests different
from those of our Sponsor and the Anchor Investors. In addition, this significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect
the trading price of our ordinary shares because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning shares in companies with principal
shareholders and might make it more difficult to complete a business combination with targets that would prefer to enter into a transaction
with a SPAC with less concentrated ownership. 

Since
the Anchor Investors purchased Units in our Public Offering, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular target
business is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

The
Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 19,800,000 Units in our Public Offering for a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit. Following
the Close Date, our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 1,334,339 Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors for a price of 0.003 per share.
Assuming each Warrant has no value and without taking into account any liquidity discount on the Founder Shares, the Anchor Investors
paid an effective price of 9.36 per ordinary share acquired, as compared to the 10.00 per share paid by the other public shareholders
in our Public Offering. The Anchor Investors may have an incentive to vote any Class A ordinary shares they own in favor of a business
combination, and, if a business combination is approved, they may make a substantial profit on such interest, even if the business combination
is with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for other public shareholders. Moreover, if the Anchor Investors
retain all of their interests in our Class A ordinary shares and vote those Class A ordinary shares in favor of a business combination,
we will receive sufficient votes to approve the business combination, regardless of how any other shareholder votes their shares. You
should consider the Anchor Investors financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to
invest in our securities and/or redeem your shares prior to or in connection with an initial business combination. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any Class A ordinary shares properly tendered in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period or with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and the redemption of our Class A ordinary shares
if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period, subject to applicable law and as further
described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our Class A ordinary shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination
within the Combination Period is not completed for any reason, compliance with Cayman Islands law may require that we submit a plan of
dissolution to our then-existing shareholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our Trust Account. In that
case, public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the Termination Date before they receive funds from the Trust Account. In no other
circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of Warrants will not have
any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may
be forced to sell your Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. 

45 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq. Although we currently meet the minimum initial listing standards
set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, our securities may not be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business
combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain
financial, distribution and share price levels. 

Generally,
we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities
(generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate
compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements,
in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to
be at least 4.00 per share, our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required
to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. Because public shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 15,357,970 Class A Ordinary Shares, representing
approximately 74.4 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, in connection with the Extension, there is an increased
likelihood that we may fail to satisfy the minimum shareholders equity and round lot holders thresholds imposed by Nasdaq. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

limited
 availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares and
Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants qualify as covered securities under the
statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the
sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check
companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies
in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

46 

You
will not be permitted to exercise your Warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions
are available. 

If
the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or
qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of Warrants will not be entitled to exercise such
Warrants and such Warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their Warrants as part of a purchase
of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. 

While
we have registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants in the IPO Registration Statement, we do not plan
on keeping a prospectus current until required to pursuant to the warrant agreement. However, because the Warrants will be exercisable
until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our initial business combination, in order to comply with the
requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of our initial business combination under the terms
of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing
of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the IPO Registration
Statement or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information
set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not
current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

If
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the
warrant agreement, holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will
be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

In
no event will Warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. 

If
our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit
holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the
event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants under applicable state
securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

In
no event will we be required to net cash settle any Warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above)
or other compensation in exchange for the Warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the Warrants
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 

47 

You
may only be able to exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you
will receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 

The
warrant agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted
to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act:
(i) if the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with
the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant
not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section
18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the Public Warrants for redemption. If you exercise your
Public Warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the Warrant exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of Class A
ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number Class A ordinary shares underlying the Warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined in the next sentence) over
the exercise price of the Warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants, as applicable. As
a result, you would receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 

The
grant of registration rights to our Initial Shareholders, holders of our Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and the Anchor Investors may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of
such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with our Public Offering, our Initial Shareholders and their permitted transferees, and Anchor
Investors can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which Founder Shares are convertible, holders of our Private Placement
Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and holders of Working Capital Warrants may demand that we register such Warrants or
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such Warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the
Founder Shares and the Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and
availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price
of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more
costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the
combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that
is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our Initial Shareholders and the Anchor Investors, holders of our Private Placement Warrants
or holders of our Working Capital Loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Founder
Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our Charter. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our
Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately after our Public Offering,
there were 479,345,000 and 43,333,333 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available
for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Warrants or shares issuable
upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares
concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but
subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our Charter. Immediately after our Public Offering, there were no preference shares
issued and outstanding. 

48 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We have entered into the Forward Purchase Agreement,
and may enter into additional forward purchase agreements or other commitments to issue additional securities prior to completion of
our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein.
However, our Charter provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares
that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our Class A ordinary
shares on any initial business combination. These provisions of our Charter, like all provisions of our Charter, may be amended with
a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference shares, including pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Public Offering; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued
 with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;
 and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or Public
 Warrants. 

Unlike
some other similarly structured SPACs, our Initial Shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares
to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of
our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided in the Charter. In the case that additional Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination in excess of the number
of Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued in our Public Offering, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the total number of Class A ordinary
shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders and
not including the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Units), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares
issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by
us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in the initial business combination and any Private Placement Units issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. This is different
than some other similarly structured SPACs in which the Initial Shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number
of shares to be outstanding prior to our initial business combination. 

We
may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders
of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Public Warrants could be increased,
the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant could
be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our
Public Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we
may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public
Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of
the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the
exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the Warrants into cash or shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten
the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant. 

49 

We
may redeem your unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Public
Warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem all of the outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and for certain
issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
initial business combination) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date
we send the notice of such redemption to the Public Warrant holders. We will not redeem the Public Warrants unless an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is effective and
a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the Public
Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and
when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants could force
you to (i) exercise your Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so,
(ii) sell your Public Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Public Warrants or (iii) accept
the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your Public Warrants. 

Our
Warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

We
issued Public Warrants to purchase 6,666,667 Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units offered in our Public Offering, and simultaneously
with the closing of our Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 655,000 Private Placement Units, which include
Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 218,333 Class A ordinary shares at 11.50 per share. In addition, if our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors makes any Working Capital Loans, such lender may convert those
loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 Private Placement Units, at the price of 10.00 per unit. To the extent we issue ordinary shares
to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary
shares upon exercise of these Warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such Warrants, when
exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares
issued to complete the initial business combination. Therefore, our Warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial business
combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because
each Unit contains one-third of one Public Warrant, and only a whole Warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units
of other SPACs. 

Each
Unit contains one-third of one Public Warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional Warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units, and only whole Units will trade. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued
to the Warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant
to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the
Warrants upon completion of a business combination since the Warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number
of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger
partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to
purchase one whole share. 

50 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our Warrants, which
could limit the ability of Warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum
provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our Warrants, such holder shall be
deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such Warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such Warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a Warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs will be governed by our Charter, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and
the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders
to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived
in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose
courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent
in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to
the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the
United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely
(i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the
federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities
against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as
the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in
the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public
policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

51 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the Board or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we did not commence operations
until obtaining funding through our Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our
ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We may be unable to complete our initial business
combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary
shares or Warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. Based upon the composition of our income and assets, and upon a review of our financial statements, we likely will not
be eligible for the startup exception and therefore likely was a PFIC for the most recent taxable year ended on December 31, 2022. Our
actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. With respect to
each taxable year for which we determine we are a PFIC, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information
as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the
U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely
provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our Warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors
to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in
taxes imposed on shareholders or Warrant holders. 

We
may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the
Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is incorporated or located or in another jurisdiction.
The transaction may require a shareholder or Warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder
or Warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are residents if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make
any cash distributions to shareholders or Warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or Warrant holders may be subject to withholding
taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

52 

As
a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30th before that time, in which case we would no
longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31st. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equal or exceed 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as
of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial
statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Provisions
in our Charter may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
Charter contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests.
These provisions include a staggered Board and the ability of the Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference
shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment
of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

53 

Our
Charter provides that the courts of the Cayman Islands will be the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our shareholders,
which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for complaints against us or our directors, officers
or employees. 

Our
Charter provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have
exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our Charter or otherwise related in any way to
each shareholder s shareholding in us, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf,
(ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer or
other employee to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or
our Charter, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized
under the laws of the United States of America) and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. The forum selection provision in our Charter will not apply to actions or suits
brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts
of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States of America, the sole and exclusive forum for determination
of such a claim. 

Our
Charter also provides that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have, each of our shareholders acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum
and that accordingly we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other
equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum. 

This
choice of forum provision may increase a shareholder s cost and limit the shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against
us and our directors, officers and other employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our shares or other
securities, whether by transfer, sale, operation of law or otherwise, shall be deemed to have notice of and have irrevocably agreed and
consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar
choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible that
a court could find this type of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find this provision in our Charter
to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions,
which could have adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Our efforts to
comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. Our failure to address and comply with these laws or regulations
and any subsequent changes, as interpreted and applied, could adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete
our initial business combination and results of operations. 

54 

Recent
increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
business combination. 

Recent
increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded
securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Military
conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Military
conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national,
regional and international economic disruptions and economic uncertainty, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify
a business combination target and consummate an initial business combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
currently utilize office space at 1 World Trade Center, 85 th Floor, New York, New York 10007 from our Sponsor. The cost for
this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee that we pay our Sponsor for office space and secretarial and administrative services
provided to members of our management team. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team
in their capacity as such. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

55 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
Information 

Our
Units began trading on Nasdaq under the symbol VCXAU on August 11, 2021. On September 29, 2021, we announced that the holders
of our Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants included in the Units on Nasdaq. On October
1, 2021, our Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols VCXA and VCXAW, 
respectively. Those Units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol VCXAU. Each Unit includes one-third
of one Public Warrant, and each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50
per share, subject to certain adjustments as described in our final prospectus dated August 10, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on
August 12, 2021. Only whole Public Warrants will be issued on separation of Units, and only whole Public Warrants may be traded and exercised
for Class A ordinary shares. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
Our Public Warrants expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation
as described in Item 1. Business. 

The
following table sets forth, for the calendar quarter indicated, the high and low sales prices per Unit, per Class A ordinary share and
per Public Warrant as reported on Nasdaq for the period from October 1, 2021 (the first day on which our Class A ordinary shares and
Public Warrants began trading separately) through December 31, 2022. 

Units
 (VCXAU) 
 Class
 A ordinary shares 
 (VCXA) 
 Public
 Warrants 
 (VCXAW) 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022: 

Quarter
 ended December 31, 2022 
 10.16 
 9.30 
 10.09 
 8.91 
 0.09 
 0.01 
 
 Quarter
 ended September 30, 2022 
 10.28 
 9.84 
 10.01 
 9.88 
 0.20 
 0.03 
 
 Quarter ended June 30,
 2022 
 10.83 
 9.69 
 9.91 
 9.84 
 0.88 
 0.10 
 
 Quarter
 ended March 31, 2022 
 10.54 
 10.03 
 9.89 
 9.74 
 2.20 
 0.87 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2021: 

Quarter
 ended December 31, 2021 
 13.09 
 9.95 
 10.88 
 9.57 
 4.40 
 0.70 

(b) Holders 

At
April 10, 2023 there were three holders of record of our Units, one holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares,
and one holder of record of our separately traded Public Warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of
any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board at such time. Further, if
we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

56 

(e) Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

On
February 18, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 7,666,667 of our Class B ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.003 per share. Prior to the Sponsor s initial investment in us of 25,000, we had no assets. 

On
October 19, 2021, the Sponsor forfeited, at no cost, 1,000,000 Class B ordinary shares in connection with the election by the underwriter
of our Public Offering not to exercise an option granted to the underwriter to cover over-allotments. 

In
connection with the Public Offering, the Anchor Investors agreed to purchase a certain percentage of our Units in the Public Offering.
In connection with each Anchor Investor s agreement to purchase a specified percentage of Units to be sold in our Public Offering,
the Sponsor agreed to transfer a certain number of its Founder Shares to such Anchor Investor, which could be purchased by the Anchor
Investor as early as the Close Date. Following the Close Date, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 1,334,339 Founder Shares to the
Anchor Investors for the same price originally paid by the Sponsor for such shares. 

At
December 31, 2022, our Initial Shareholders held 5,332,328 Founder Shares and the Anchor Investors collectively held 1,334,339 Founder
Shares. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 655,000 Private Placement Units
to the Sponsor and Cantor at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 6,550,000. No underwriting
discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In the Private Placement,
the Sponsor purchased 455,000 Private Placement Units and Cantor purchased 200,000 Private Placement Units. The Private Placement Units
are identical to the Units, except that the Private Placement Units (including the underlying securities) are subject to certain transfer
restrictions and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights, and, if held by the original holder or their permitted
assigns, the underlying Private Placement Warrants (i) may be exercised on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to redemption and (iii)
with respect to such Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor, will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of
sales in the Public Offering. If the Private Placement Units are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, then the Private Placement Warrants included in the Private Placement Units will be redeemable by us and exercisable by
the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. 

Concurrently
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, on November 4, 2022 and on November 8, 2022, the 10X II Investors entered into the Non-Redemption
Agreements with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, the 10X II Investors agreed for the benefit of the Company to
(i) vote the Subject 10X II Equity Securities, representing 3,705,743 ordinary shares in the aggregate, in favor of the Extension Proposal
and (ii) not redeem the Subject 10X II Equity Securities in connection with such proposal. In connection with these commitments from
the 10X II Investors, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to each 10X II Investor an amount of its Founder Shares on or promptly after
the consummation of the Business Combination. 

On
November 14, 2022, we issued the 2022 Note to the Sponsor for a Working Capital Loan of up to 800,000. The 2022 Note bears no interest
and is repayable in full on the Maturity Date. The 2022 Note may also be converted into Working Capital Units, at a price of 10.00 per
unit, at the option of the holder of the 2022 Note at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date. The Working Capital Units are identical
to our Private Placement Units, with each Working Capital Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable
warrant. 

The
sales of the above securities, including the shares to be offered and sold in connection with the Non-Redemption Agreements, by us have
not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) thereof. 

57 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
August 13, 2021, we consummated our Public Offering of 20,000,000 Units, at an offering price to the public of 10.00 per Unit, for an
aggregate offering price of 200,000,000, with each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one Public Warrant.
Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Only whole Public
Warrants may be exercised and traded. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units. Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. acted as the sole booking running manager for the Public Offering. The securities sold in the Public Offering were registered under
the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253867), which was declared effective by the SEC on August 10,
2021. 

Net
proceeds of 200,000,000, comprised of 196,000,000 of the proceeds from the Public Offering (which amount includes 7,000,000 of the
underwriter s deferred discount) and 4,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, were deposited into
the Trust Account on the Close Date. We paid a total of 4,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 680,429 for other offering
costs related to the Public Offering. In addition, the underwriter agreed to defer 7,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions.
No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our Class A ordinary shares or to their associates,
or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our final
prospectus related to the Public Offering, dated August 10, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on February 10, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities. 

On
August 13, 2021, we consummated the Public Offering of 20,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200 million.
Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one Public Warrant. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Public Offering, our Sponsor and Cantor purchased an aggregate of 655,000 Private Placement Units, at a price
of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 6,550,000, in a private placement. 

Upon
the closing of the Public Offering on August 13, 2021, a total of 200 million 10.00 per Unit), comprised of 196 million from the
proceeds of the Public Offering and 4 million from the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in the Trust
Account. 

As
of October 1, 2021, our Class A ordinary shares and our Public Warrants began separately trading on Nasdaq. 

58 

Termination
of PrimeBlock Merger Agreement 

On
August 12, 2022, the Company, First Merger Sub, Second Merger Sub, and PrimeBlock entered into the Termination Agreement, pursuant to
which the parties mutually agreed to terminate the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement, effective as of such date. 

As
a result of the termination of the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement, the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement and the Support Agreements (as defined
in the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement) are of no further force and effect. 

In
addition, pursuant to its terms, that certain stock purchase agreement, dated March 31, 2022 by and between the Company and CF Principal
Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, was automatically terminated upon the termination of the PrimeBlock Merger Agreement. 

The
AA Merger Agreement 

On
November 2, 2022, we entered into the AA Merger Agreement with AA Merger Sub and African Agriculture. The AA Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby were approved by our Board and the board of directors of African Agriculture. 

Pursuant
to the AA Merger Agreement, we will, subject to obtaining the required shareholder approvals and at least one day prior to the Effective
Time, effect the Domestication. Following the Domestication, AA Merger Sub will merge with and into African Agriculture, with African
Agriculture surviving the Merger as our wholly-owned subsidiary. In connection with the Closing, we will change our name to African
Agriculture Holdings Inc. 

In
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the AA Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each share of common stock
of African Agriculture issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be converted into the right to receive the
number of shares of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable common stock of New African Agriculture New
African Agriculture Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum
of (1) 450,000,000 and (2) the aggregate amount of any Company Pre-Closing Financing (as defined in the AA Merger Agreement) by (ii)
ten dollars 10.00) by (y) the sum, without duplication, of the aggregate number of shares of common stock of African Agriculture that
are (i) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) issuable upon the exercise or settlement of options or restricted
stock units of African Agriculture (whether or not then vested or exercisable) that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time, or (iii) issuable upon conversion of any African Agriculture convertible note outstanding at the Effective Time (the Merger
Consideration ). 

The
AA Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the closing of the Business Combination,
including, but not limited to, (i) by our or African Agriculture s mutual written consent, (ii) by us, subject to certain exceptions,
if any of the representations and warranties of African Agriculture are not true and correct or if African Agriculture fails to perform
any of its respective covenants or agreements set forth in the AA Merger Agreement such that certain conditions to our obligations cannot
be satisfied and the breach (or breaches) of such representations or warranties or failure (or failures) to perform such covenants or
agreements, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iii) by African Agriculture, subject
to certain exceptions, if any of the representations and warranties made by us are not true and correct or if we fail to perform any
of its covenants or agreements set forth in the AA Merger Agreement such that the condition to the obligations of African Agriculture
cannot be satisfied and the breach (or breaches) of such representations or warranties or failure (or failures) to perform such covenants
or agreements, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time periods, (iv) by either us or African Agriculture
if the Closing has not occurred on or before the Termination Date; provided that the Termination Date may be extended at our discretion
up to August 13, 2023; provided further that such date is prior to the deadline by which we must complete our initial business combination
under our organizational documents, (v) prior to obtaining the required approvals by our shareholders, by African Agriculture if our
Board changes its recommendation that our shareholders approve the proposals included in the proxy statement/prospectus or fails to include
such recommendation in the proxy statement/prospectus, (vi) by African Agriculture if certain required shareholders approvals are not
obtained after the conclusion of a meeting of our shareholders held for the purpose of voting on such approvals, and (ix) by us if the
required approvals by African Agriculture stockholders have not been obtained within ten (10) business days following the date that the
Registration Statement (as defined in the AA Merger Agreement) is disseminated by African Agriculture to its stockholders. 

59 

African
Agriculture will be obligated to pay us a termination fee equal to 2.0 of the aggregate Merger Consideration if the AA Merger Agreement
is terminated by pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iv) of the preceding paragraph; provided that in the case of a termination under clause
(iv) above, African Agriculture will only be required to pay the termination fee if the transactions contemplated by the AA Merger Agreement
were not consummated prior to the Termination Date primarily due to failure of African Agriculture to provide information required to
obtain SEC clearance of the Registration Statement (as defined in the AA Merger Agreement). We will be obligated to pay African Agriculture
a termination fee equal to 2.0 of the Merger Consideration if the AA Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to clause (iii) of the
preceding paragraph. 

On
January 3, 2023, the parties to the AA Merger Agreement entered into the First Amendment, pursuant to which African Agriculture has agreed
to provide all necessary assistance and cooperation in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Charter to further extend the
term of the Company, if necessary, including paying all reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of African Agriculture, the Company
and AA Merger Sub (including, but not limited to, fees and expenses of outside counsel and any other agents, advisors, consultants, experts
and financial advisors, employed by or on behalf of African Agriculture, the Company or AA Merger Sub) related to such extension. 

Acquiror
Support Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into the Acquiror Support Agreement, pursuant to which the Class B Holders
agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any shareholder meeting or pursuant to any action of written resolution of our shareholders
all of their Class B ordinary shares held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the Business Combination, the Domestication and
the other Proposals (as defined in the AA Merger Agreement) and (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the
Business Combination, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Acquiror Support Agreement. Additionally,
for a period ending six months after the Closing (the First Lock-up Period ), the Class B Holders will be subject to a lock-up
with respect to one-third of the Lock-Up Shares (as defined in the Acquiror Support Agreement), and for a period beginning six months
after the Closing and ending twelve months after the Closing (the Second Lock-up Period ), the Class B Holders will be subject
to a lock-up with respect to the remaining two-thirds of the Lock-Up Shares; provided that the lock-up shall expire upon the date on
which the last reported sale price of the shares of New African Agriculture Common Stock exceeds 12.00 per share for any twenty (20)
trading days within any consecutive thirty (30) trading day period during the Second Lock-up Period. 

African
Agriculture Support Agreements 

In
connection with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into the African Agriculture Support Agreements with African Agriculture
and certain of its stockholders, pursuant to which each such stockholder agreed to (i) vote all shares of common stock of African Agriculture
held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the Business Combination, (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related
to the Business Combination and (iii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to such securities prior to the Closing
of the Business Combination, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the African Agriculture Support Agreements. 

The
Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 

Concurrently
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into the SEPA with Yorkville, pursuant to which, subject to the consummation
of the Business Combination, New African Agriculture has the option, but not the obligation, to issue, and Yorkville shall subscribe
for, an aggregate amount of up to 100 million of New African Agriculture Common Stock at the time of New African Agriculture s
choosing during the term of the agreement, subject to certain limitations, including caps on issuance and subscriptions based on trading
volumes. Each advance under the SEPA (an Advance may be for an aggregate amount of New African Agriculture Common Stock
purchased at 96 of the Market Price during a one-day pricing period or 97 of the Market Price during a three-day pricing period elected
by New African Agriculture. The Market Price is defined in the SEPA as the VWAP (as defined below) during the trading day,
in the case of a one day pricing period, or the lowest daily VWAP of the three consecutive trading days, in the case of a three day pricing
period, commencing on the trading day on which New African Agriculture submits an Advance notice to Yorkville. VWAP means,
for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of New African Agriculture Common Stock for such date on Nasdaq as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. during regular trading hours or such other period in the case of a one-day trading period. The SEPA will continue for
a term of three years commencing from the sixth trading day following the closing of the Business Combination (the SEPA Effective
Date ). 

Pursuant
to the SEPA, New African Agriculture will pay to Yorkville a commitment fee of 1.0 million, which is to be paid on the SEPA Effective
Date. New African Agriculture can elect to pay the commitment fee by issuing New African Agriculture Common Stock to Yorkville in an
amount equal to the commitment fee divided by the average daily VWAP for the five consecutive trading days prior to the SEPA Effective
Date.

60 

The
Forward Purchase Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, we and African Agriculture entered into the Forward Purchase Agreement with Vellar. Pursuant
to the Forward Purchase Agreement, Vellar intends, but is not obligated, to purchase through a broker in the open market (a) our Class
A ordinary shares after the date of our redemption deadline from holders of such shares, including those who have elected to redeem such
shares (such purchased shares, the Recycled Shares ), pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in our Charter, in connection
with the Business Combination and (b) additional shares in an issuance from us (such additional shares, the Additional Shares 
and, together with the Recycled Shares, the Subject Shares ). The aggregate total Subject Shares will be 4,000,000, subject
to automatic reduction to equal the amount of our ordinary shares outstanding as of the redemption deadline and subject to increase to
up to 10,000,000 upon mutual agreement of us and Vellar (the Maximum Number of Shares ). Vellar has agreed to waive any
redemption rights with respect to any Subject Shares in connection with the Business Combination. 

Prior
to maturity, Vellar may also purchase through a broker in the open market additional Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment,
which such shares shall be incremental to the Maximum Number of Shares and shall not be included in the Maximum Number of Shares under
the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

The
Forward Purchase Agreement provides that upon the closing of the Business Combination, we will pay to Vellar, out of funds held in our
Trust Account, an amount (the Prepayment Amount equal to (x) the pre-share redemption price (the Initial Price multiplied by (y) the number of Recycled Shares on the date of such prepayment. At our option, up to 10 of such Prepayment Amount may
be paid to us and netted from the Prepayment Amount (the Prepayment Shortfall ). 

From
time to time following the closing of the Forward Purchase Agreement, Vellar, in its discretion, may sell the Subject Shares and remit
to us an amount equal to the amount of such Subject Shares multiplied by the Reset Price (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreement);
provided that no proceeds will be paid to us in respect of such sales of Subject Shares with net proceeds equal to the Prepayment Shortfall. 

Upon
the occurrence of the Maturity Date (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreement), we are obligated to pay to Vellar an amount equal
to the product of (a) (x) the Maximum Number of Shares, less (y) the number of Terminated Shares (as defined in the Forward Purchase
Agreement), multiplied by (b) 2.00 payable in cash or in shares at our option. The Maturity Date may be accelerated upon occurrences
described in the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Forward Purchase Agreement, within one business day of the closing of the Business Combination (the Prepayment Date ),
New African Agriculture is required to pay Vellar an amount equal to the product of (x) such number that is the greater of (a) 5 of
the Maximum Number of Shares and (b) 200,000 (provided that if New African Agriculture has requested and Vellar has paid the Prepayment
Shortfall such number will be increased to the greater of (a) 10 of the Maximum Number of Shares and (b) 400,000) and (y) the Initial
Price (the Share Consideration and Vellar is to use the amount paid by New African Agriculture to purchase shares of common
stock of New African Agriculture. 

We
have agreed to file, upon the request of the Vellar, a registration statement with the SEC registering the resale of the Subject Shares
and the Share Consideration (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreement) under the Securities Act, within thirty (30) days following
such request. Entities and funds managed by Cohen own equity interests in the Sponsor. 

The
Forward Purchase Agreement contains additional representations, warranties, indemnities, agreements and termination rights of the parties
thereto. 

61 

The
Non-Redemption Agreements 

In
connection with the execution of the AA Merger Agreement, on November 4, 2022 and on November 8, 2022, the 10X II Investors entered into
Non-Redemption Agreements with us and the Sponsor. 

Pursuant
to the Non-Redemption Agreements, the 10X II Investors agreed for the benefit of us to (i) vote the Subject 10X II Equity Securities,
representing 3,705,743 of our ordinary shares in the aggregate, in favor of the Extension Proposal and (ii) not redeem the Subject 10X
II Equity Securities in connection with such proposal. In connection with these commitments from the 10X II Investors, the Sponsor has
agreed to transfer to each 10X II Investor an amount of its Class B ordinary shares on or promptly after the consummation of the Business
Combination. 

Extension 

On
November 9, 2022, we held an extraordinary general meeting at which our shareholders approved, by special resolution, the Extension Proposal.
On November 9, 2022, we filed the special resolution and the Charter with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. 

In
connection with our solicitation of proxies in connection with the Extension Proposal, we were required to permit our public shareholders
to redeem their public shares. Of the public shares outstanding with redemption rights, a total of 212 of our shareholders elected to
redeem 15,357,970 public shares at a per share redemption price of 10.09. As a result of such redemptions, approximately 154.9 million
was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders, and approximately 47.2 million remained in the Trust Account as of December
31, 2022. Following the redemptions and as of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 4,642,030 public shares, including the public shares
underlying the Units outstanding, with redemption rights outstanding. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 37,000
held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of approximately 10.2 million. 

Our
liquidity needs up to December 31, 2022 had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 for Class B ordinary shares
to cover certain offering costs, the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 87,369 prior to our Public Offering
(the Pre-IPO Promissory Note ), and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 800,000. The Pre-IPO
Promissory Note was fully repaid upon the closing of the Public Offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, provide us additional Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there was 600,000 outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that the liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required
to liquidate after the Termination Date. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary
if we are unable to continue as a going concern. We intend to complete an initial business combination before the Termination Date. Over
this time period, we will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating
prospective initial business combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures,
selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating an initial business combination. 

62 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the Public Offering, and since
the closing of the Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination and expenses related to consummating an
initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of investment income from the Trust Account. We will continue to incur increased expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
and transaction expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred
a net loss of approximately 8.7 million, which consisted of approximately 10.3 million in general and administrative expense and 240,000
in administrative expenses-related party, approximately 295,000 in loss on Forward Purchase Agreement and approximately 36,000 in change
in fair value of derivative liabilities, partially offset by approximately 2.2 million in income from investments held in the Trust Account. 

For
the period from February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred a net loss of approximately 1.5 million, which
consisted of approximately 1.5 million in general and administrative expense and approximately 87,000 in administrative expenses-related
party, partly offset by approximately 5,000 in income from investments held in Trust Account. 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

Registration
and Shareholder Rights 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on August 10, 2021, the holders of Class B ordinary shares, Private Placement Units,
Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Working Capital Warrants and Working
Capital Units that may be issued upon conversion of any Working Capital Loans will have registration rights. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
granted the underwriter a 45-day option from August 10, 2021 to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units at the Public Offering price
less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On September 25, 2021, the over-allotment option expired. 

The
underwriter was entitled to an underwriting discount of approximately 4.0 million, which was paid upon the closing of the Public Offering.
In addition, approximately 7.0 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an
initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
We have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

63 

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 10, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 10, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 10, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and
the Board of Directors of 

10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of 10X
Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February
10, 2021 through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from February 10, 2021 through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by May 13,
2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

April 17, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Promissory note related party 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 4,642,030 and 20,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period From February 10, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Administrative expenses - related party 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Loss on Forward Purchase Agreement 
 
 -

Total other income 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR
THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 10, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - February 10, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

-

Fair value of Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Sales of Private Placement Units 

-
 
 -

-

Contribution from Sponsor upon sale of Founder Shares to Anchor Investors 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 

-

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period From February 10, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 -

General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor under promissory note 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Loss on Forward Purchase Agreement 
 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Principal deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Withdrawal for redemption payment 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Advances from related party 
 -

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Redemption payment of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 
 -

Proceeds from promissory note 
 
 -

Repayment of promissory note 
 -

Offering costs paid 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs paid by related party in exchange for Founder Shares 
 -

Offering costs included in accounts payable 
 -

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Value of Class B ordinary shares transferred to Anchor Investors 
 -

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares 
 -

Deferred underwriting fee 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the Units offered, the Public Shares and with respect to the warrants included in the Units offered, the Public
Warrants at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 
million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions (Note 7). 

Units (the Private
Units to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor ), at a price of per Private Unit, generating
gross proceeds of approximately million. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Units and overfunded by Sponsor, which was returned to the Sponsor on August 17, 2021, was placed in
a Trust Account Trust Account and is being invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, the proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion
of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business
Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law, and (iii) the redemption of
the Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company has
not consummated the initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or with respect to
any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited
in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the
claims of the public shareholders. 

of the net balance in the Trust Account
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time
of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the
post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

F- 7 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Public Share. 

upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which
the Company adopted upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (as amended and restated on November 9, 2022, the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If,
however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business
or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business
Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 5) and any Public
Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial shareholders
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

per Public Share and (ii) the
actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 
per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the assets in the Trust Account, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However,
the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether
the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are
securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

F- 8 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ordinary shares of the Company in the aggregate, in favor
of the proposal to amend the Company s organizational documents to extend the time the Company is permitted to close a Business
Combination and (ii) not redeem the Subject 10X II Equity Securities in connection with such proposal. In connection with these commitments
from the 10X II Investors, Sponsor has agreed to transfer to each 10X II Investor an amount of its Class B ordinary shares on or promptly
after the consummation of the Business Combination. 

million of New African Agriculture Common Stock at the time of New African Agriculture s
choosing during the term of the agreement, subject to certain limitations, including caps on issuance and subscriptions based on trading
volumes. Each advance under the SEPA (an Advance may be for an aggregate amount of New African Agriculture Common Stock
purchased at of the Market Price during a one-day pricing period or 97 of the Market Price during a three-day pricing period elected
by New African Agriculture. The Market Price is defined in the SEPA as the VWAP (as defined below) during the trading day,
in the case of a one day pricing period, or the lowest daily VWAP of the three consecutive trading days, in the case of a three day pricing
period, commencing on the trading day on which New African Agriculture submits an Advance notice to Yorkville. VWAP means,
for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of New African Agriculture Common Stock for such date on Nasdaq as reported
by Bloomberg L.P. during regular trading hours or such other period in the case of a one-day trading period. The SEPA will continue for
a term of three years commencing from the sixth trading day following the closing of the Business Combination (the SEPA Effective
Date ). 

million, which is to be paid on the SEPA Effective Date. New African Agriculture can elect
to pay the commitment fee by issuing New African Agriculture Common Stock to Yorkville in an amount equal to the commitment fee divided
by the average daily VWAP for the five consecutive trading days prior to the SEPA Effective Date. 

per share (the Shares ), after the date of the Company s
redemption deadline from holders of Shares, including those who have elected to redeem Shares (such purchased Shares, the Recycled
Shares pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
in connection with the Business Combination and (b) additional Shares in an issuance from the Company (such Shares, the Additional
Shares and, together with the Recycled Shares, the Subject Shares ). The aggregate total Subject Shares will be ,
subject to automatic reduction to equal the amount of the Company s ordinary shares outstanding as of the redemption deadline and
subject to increase to up to upon mutual agreement of the Company and Seller (the Maximum Number of Shares ).
Seller has agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any Subject Shares in connection with the Business Combination. 

F- 9 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Public Shares at a per share redemption price of . As a result of such redemptions, approximately
 million was removed from the Trust Account to pay such holders, and approximately million remained in the Trust Account
as of December 31, 2022. Following the redemptions and as of December 31, 2022, the Company had public shares, including the
public shares underlying the Units outstanding, with redemption rights outstanding. 

in cash
and a working capital deficit of approximately million. 

from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses
on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 6), and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of approximately
 under the Note (as defined in Note 6). The Company fully repaid the amounts borrowed under the unsecured promissory note upon
closing of the Initial Public Offering on August 13, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s
liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the
Sponsor, members of the Company s founding team or any of their affiliates provided the Company with in Working Capital
Loans (as defined in Note 6) (of which up to million may be converted at the lender s option into warrants to purchase the
Company s Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of per share). 

F- 10 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse
impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

F- 11 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 12 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result,
diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from February 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares
is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

F- 13 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Of the
 Units sold, Units were purchased by qualified institutional buyers not affiliated with the Sponsor or any member
of the management team (the Anchor Investors ). 

per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). Each warrant will become exercisable days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination and will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 14 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Private Units, at a price of per Unit, for an aggregate
purchase price of , in a private placement. 

, or
approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering and formation costs in exchange for an aggregate of Class
B ordinary shares, par value per share, of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s
over-allotment option was exercised. The option expired on September 25, 2021, and subsequently, the Sponsor forfeited Class
B ordinary shares. Additionally, upon consummation of the Business Combination, the Sponsor agreed to transfer an aggregate of 
Class B ordinary shares to the Anchor Investor for the same price originally paid for such shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments,
as described in Note 8. The Company determined that the fair value of these Class B ordinary shares was approximately million (or
approximately per share) using a Monte Carlo simulation. The Company recognized the excess fair value of these Class B ordinary
shares, over the price sold to the Anchor Investors, as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge against the carrying
value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier
of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. The Company fully repaid the promissory note in the amount of upon the closing
of IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding balance under the promissory note. Subsequent to the repayment, the
promissory note is no longer available to the Company. 

of the
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the option
of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.
On November 14, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to pursuant to a promissory note (as amended and restated on
November 14, 2022, the New Note ). The New Note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of the consummation
of the Company s initial business combination and the day prior to the date the Company must elect to liquidate and dissolve in
accordance with the provisions of the Second A R Charter. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and outstanding
under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 15 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per month for
office space and secretarial and administrative services. Upon the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination
and its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February
10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid approximately and of administrative support
expense, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding balances under this agreement. 

and , respectively in such costs and there
were no outstanding amounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, payable to the
executive officers and directors as reflected in the accounts payable on the accompanying balance sheets. 

-day
option from the date of effectiveness to purchase up to an additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. The option expired on . 

million, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, approximately million
was recorded as payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

million. In addition, Canaccord would also be entitled to a discretionary
incentive fee of . Per the arrangement, the capital markets advisory fee and discretionary incentive fee for these services is
contingent upon the closing of a Business Combination and therefore are not included as liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. Under the arrangement, the Company will also reimburse Canaccord for reasonable expenses. As of December 31, 2022, no expenses
have been claimed. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Company s
 As of December 31, 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares
outstanding which were subject to possible redemption. As of December 31, 2022, there were Class A ordinary shares outstanding
which were subject to possible redemption. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary share issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Redemption of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

F- 16 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

preference shares at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class
A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding, excluding and Class A shares subject to possible redemption and classified outside of permanent
equity on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding (see Note 5). 

of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to
any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders and not including the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private
Units), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the
initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible
into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Units issued
to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, provided that such conversion of founder shares will
never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

warrants Public Warrants and Private Warrants included in the Private Placement Units) outstanding.
Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustments
as described herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital
raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less
than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of
directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder
shares or private placement shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (the
 Newly Issued Price (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading
day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the
 Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described
below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. No warrants
are currently outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share,
subject to adjustments as described herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective
issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith
by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into
account any founder shares or private placement shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance), (the Newly Issued Price (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the
total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation
of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination
(such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price
described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 17 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 18 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities - Forward Purchase Agreement 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities - Forward Purchase Agreement 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

F- 19 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Stock price 

Volatility 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Cost of debt 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 

under the New Note. As a result, as of the date of the financial
statements, the Company had outstanding as promissory note - related party. 

F- 20 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December
31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act). Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the
results of its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm because we are not required to include such
attestation report due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

64 

PART
 III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our current directors and executive
officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 
 Hans Thomas 
 45 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 David Weisburd 
 37 
 Chief Operating Officer, Head of Origination and Director 
 
 Guhan Kandasamy 
 42 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Oliver Wriedt 
 51 
 President and Head of Capital Markets 
 
 Christopher Jurasek 
 57 
 Director 
 
 Woodrow H. Levin 
 44 
 Director 
 
 Michael Brown 
 53 
 Director 

Hans Thomas, 45,
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since February 2021. Mr. Thomas founded 10X Capital in January 2004, and since
its founding, he has served as Chief Executive Officer of 10X Capital. Since July 2019, he has served Chairman of 10X Capital subsidiary
Growth Technology Partners. As an entrepreneur, Mr. Thomas was on the founding teams of venture-backed FinTech startup InternetCash (1999),
online mortgage firm RefinanceOne (2004) and data science firm TheNumber (2015). Mr. Thomas is regarded as a top technology sector investor,
financier and visionary because of his track record of identifying and investing in promising early stage opportunities and connecting
them with institutional capital to help accelerate their growth. Notable portfolio companies and personal investments include Robinhood,
AlphaFlow, Inc., Milo Credit, Better and Climb, whose equity investors include Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Point72 Ventures, Social Capital,
and QED Investors and whom have obtained significant financing from leading institutional investors and investment banks, such as The
Blackstone Group, Inc. (NYSE: BX), The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE: GS) and Jefferies Group LLC. Mr. Thomas was also involved with
10X Capital s role as an early investor in DraftKings Inc. (Nasdaq: DKNG), which completed a business combination with Diamond Eagle
Acquisition Corp., a SPAC, in April 2020. Mr. Thomas also currently serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 10X III. Mr. Thomas
attended New York University. We believe Mr. Thomas is qualified to serve on our Board because of his experience in providing financing
solutions for businesses, including with respect to business combinations and SPACs. 

David Weisburd, 
37, has been our Chief Operating Officer, Head of Origination and a member of our Board since February 2021. Mr. Weisburd founded the
venture capital firm Growth Technology Partners in May 2015 and served as general partner until December 2019, when the firm was acquired
by 10X Capital. The portfolio companies of Growth Technology Partners include 23andMe, CaaStle, Circle, Palantir, Pipefy, Punchh, Ripple,
Tonal, Vicarious and Wish. Mr. Weisburd now serves as General Partner and co-head of venture capital at 10X Capital, where he has led
the firm s investments into Robinhood, Compass Therapeutics, HeadSpace and DraftKings Inc. (Nasdaq: DKNG). Mr. Weisburd also serves
as a partner of Flight VC, an investment syndicate with over 2700 members across Silicon Valley and other tech hubs including Boston,
Los Angeles, and New York, and whose members range from angel investors to entrepreneurs and venture capitalists. Flight VC has a prolific
track record investing in companies including Betterment, Carta, Cruise Automotive, Discord, Dollar Shave Club, Fastly, Inc. (NYSE: FSLY),
LinkedIn, Paypal, Inc. (Nasdaq: PYPL), Rent the Runway, and many others. In addition to his direct investment activity, Mr. Weisburd has
also conducted a substantial amount of secondary market investment into companies such as Lyft, Inc. (Nasdaq: LYFT), One Medical Group
(Nasdaq: ONEM), Space X, and Spotify (NYSE: SPOT). Prior to his venture capital career, Mr. Weisburd was on the founding teams of two
venture-backed technology startups, isocket (acquired by Magnite (Nasdaq: MGNI)) and RoomHunt (acquired by RentLingo). Mr. Weisburd also
currently serves as Chief Operating Officer and a member of the board of directors of 10X III. Mr. Weisburd received a BS in management
and entrepreneurship from Indiana University Kelley School of Business, an MBA from Dartmouth Tuck School of Business,
and is currently pursuing a masters in psychology from Harvard University. We believe Mr. Weisburd is qualified to serve on our Board
because of his track record of founding and investing in technology companies and his network of venture-backed founders, companies and
venture capitalist co-investors throughout Silicon Valley. 

65 

Guhan Kandasamy, 
42, has been our Chief Financial Officer since February 2021. Since April 2018, Mr. Kandasamy has served as the Chief Credit and Data
Officer and a member of the board of directors of 10X Capital, where he also served as a member of the investment committee and oversaw
the firm s credit policy. In 2015, Mr. Kandasamy co-founded TheNumber, which provides credit market analytics and intelligence to
leading credit hedge funds, Bulge Bracket Banks and Retail Banks. At TheNumber, he first served as the founding product manager and then
as Chief Executive Officer from January 2016 to March 2018. From October 2010 to January 2015, Mr. Kandasamy served as Global Head of
Product and Data Analytics at Opera Solutions, LLC (now ElectrifAi), where he co-founded the company s financial services vertical
while helping the founders raise its first private capital from Silver Lake Partners, KKR Co. Inc. and Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT).
Mr. Kandasamy has also previously served as Vice President of US Structured Finance for the global credit ratings agency DBRS, Inc. and
as an analyst for the private secondary market firm SecondMarket, Inc., which was later acquired by Nasdaq. From January 2004 to January
2007, as its first product employee, he served as the founding product manager at CoreLogic, Inc. (NYSE: CLGX) where he led development
of CoreLogic s product suite including Loansafe, the credit risk product used by a large portion of the mortgage market, as well
as CoreLogic s initial Automated Value Models AVMs and AVM cascade models for real estate assets, which remain the
industry standard. During his tenure, he provided key evaluation and assistance to CoreLogic through several major corporate acquisitions,
including that of First American Corporation. The company now produces over 1.7B in annual revenue and has an enterprise value of 5.3B.
Mr. Kandasamy began his career in 2003 at the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae as a credit risk policy
analyst, where he developed the agency s still-operational and patented Consumer Credit Risk Assessment Model (FMCA), along with
several capital allocation, collateral risk and property valuation models. Mr. Kandasamy also currently serves as Chief Financial Officer
of 10X III. Mr. Kandasamy received an MBA with a concentration in Finance from Oxford University in 2010 and a double BA from Johns Hopkins
University in 2003. 

Oliver Wriedt, 
51, has served as our President and Head of Capital Markets since February 2021. Mr. Wriedt has twenty-eight years of experience in lending,
structuring, portfolio management and business development. He has been an investor in early stage FinTech companies since 2014. Mr. Wriedt
most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Vibrant Capital Partners (formerly DFG Investment Advisers) Vibrant from April 2019 to July 2020. Vibrant is a structured credit asset manager focused on collateralized loan obligations CLOs and leveraged loans, with 8 billion of assets under management AUM ). Prior to Vibrant, Mr. Wriedt spent six years at CIFC
Asset Management from March 2012 to May 2018, where he most recently served as Co-Chief Executive Officer. During his tenure at CIFC,
Mr. Wriedt took the company private in a 333 million strategic sale. CIFC s AUM have grown to 26 billion. Mr. Wriedt was responsible
for business development at the credit arm of Providence Equity Partners from 2010 to 2012. Later renamed Benefit Street, the asset manager
grew to 26 billion and was acquired by Franklin Templeton (NYSE: BEN). Mr. Wriedt was previously a partner at Sciens Capital Management
from 2008 to 2009 and was a partner at Golden Tree Asset Management from 2004 to 2008. Mr. Wriedt was originally trained as a banker at
Deutsche Bank (NYSE: DB) and NORD/LB in Hannover, Singapore, London and New York. Since February 2020, Mr. Wriedt has served on the board
of directors of Cadence Group, Inc., a New York-based digital securitization and investment platform for private credit. He is a seed
investor in FinTech lenders Milo Credit and Pollen VC and payment platforms EMQ and QRails. In addition, he serves on the board of directors
of The River Fund, a non-profit organization dedicated to eradicating hunger, homelessness and poverty in New York City. Mr. Wriedt also
currently serves as President and Head of Capital Markets of 10X III. Mr. Wriedt graduated from Duke University in 1993 with an AB in
History and Economics. 

Christopher Jurasek, 
57, has served on our Board since August 2021. Mr. Jurasek has been an operating executive for Clearlake Capital Group, L.P. Clearlake since 2014. Clearlake is a Los Angeles-based private equity investor with 24 billion of AUM. Clearlake s core target sectors include
software and technology-enabled services, industrials and consumer. Since June 2020, Mr. Jurasek has also served as the Chief Executive
Officer of EagleView, a leading technology provider of aerial imagery, data analytics and GIS solutions with more than 200 patents, backed
by Clearlake and Vista Equity Partners. Prior to EagleView, from August 2018 to December 2019, Mr. Jurasek served as President of JetSmarter,
a private aviation software company acquired by Vista Global. Between February 2013 and January 2020, Mr. Jurasek also held the roles
of President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of Calero Software, LLC, which merged with technology expense management software
firm MDSL in a 2019 deal backed by Oak Hill Capital and Riverside Partners. From August 2017 to January 2019, he served as a member of
the board of directors of ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc., a leading IT services provider of collaboration and technology solutions for large
and medium enterprises, which went public through a business combination with a SPAC, Forum Merger Corp., in February 2018 at an enterprise
value of 1.2 billion and was subsequently acquired by CVC for 1.8 billion 12.50 per common share). Mr. Jurasek also currently serves
as a member of the board of directors of 10X III. Mr. Jurasek earned his MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University
and holds a bachelor s degree from Bowling Green State University. We believe Mr. Jurasek is qualified to serve on our Board because
of his decades of experience leading global software and industrial technology companies and his track record of driving innovation to
generate long-term value, customer engagement and sustainable growth. 

66 

Woodrow H. Levin, 
44, has served on our Board since August 2021. Mr. Levin has served on the board of directors of DraftKings Inc. (Nasdaq: DKNG) since
December 2013 and has helped the company navigate numerous regulatory and strategic challenges throughout his tenure, culminating in the
recent merger with a SPAC, Diamond Eagle Acquisition Corp., in April 2020. Since February 2019, Mr. Levin has been the founder and Chief
Executive Officer of Extend, Inc., a venture-backed technology company offering an application programming interface-first solution for
merchants to offer extended warranties and protection plans. From February 2018 to February 2019, Mr. Levin was the founder and Chief
Executive Officer of 3.0 Capital, a multi-strategy crypto asset hedge fund. From August 2015 to February 2018, Mr. Levin was Vice President
of Growth at DocuSign, Inc. (Nasdaq: DOCU) DocuSign ), which allows organizations to digitally prepare, sign and manage
agreements. Mr. Levin founded Estate Assist, Inc. in February 2014 and served as its Chief Executive Officer until September 2015, when
it was acquired by DocuSign. Mr. Levin also currently serves as a member of the board of directors of 10X III. Mr. Levin received a BA
in business from the University of Wisconsin and a JD from the Chicago-Kent School of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology. We believe
that Mr. Levin is qualified to serve on our Board because of his experience with SPACs. 

Michael
Brown , 53, has served on our Board since December 2022. Mr. Brown currently serves as a director of LAMF Global
Ventures Corp. I, a position he has held since September 2021. Mr. Brown is an American basketball coach who is the head
coach for the Sacramento Kings and the Nigerian National Basketball Team. He previously served as the associate head coach of the Golden
State Warriors from 2016 to 2022 and the head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers from 2005 to 2010. After a 2009 season where the Cavaliers
went 66-16, he won NBA Coach of the Year. In his second season in 2010, the Cavaliers made it to the NBA Finals for the first time
in franchise history. Mr. Brown coached for the Los Angeles Lakers from 2011 to 2012 and was an assistant coach for the Washington
Wizards from 1997 to 1999, the San Antonio Spurs from 2000 to 2003 and the Indiana Pacers from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Brown played collegiately
at Mesa Community College and the University of San Diego from 1988 to 1992 where he also earned a Bachelor of Business Administration
degree. We believe Mr. Brown is qualified to serve on our Board of his proven track record of success and leadership and unique perspective
and network. 

Number, Terms of Office and
Election of Officers and Director 

Our Board consists of five members
and is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year and with each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we
are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of
office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Jurasek, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of
office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Levin and Brown, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Thomas and Weisburd, will expire at the third annual meeting
of shareholders. 

Only holders of Class B ordinary
shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. These
provisions of our Charter relating to the rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares to elect directors may be amended by a special
resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. 

Our officers are appointed by
and serve at the discretion of the Board rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board is authorized to appoint officers as it deems
appropriate pursuant to our Charter. 

67 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our Board be independent. Our Board has determined that each of Messrs. Jurasek, Levin and Brown are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of
Directors 

Our Board has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in
rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our Board and has the composition and responsibilities
described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the Board. Messrs. Jurasek, Levin and Brown serve as members of our audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and
applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception
described below. Each of Messrs. Jurasek, Levin and Brown are independent. 

Mr. Jur asek
serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board has determined
that Mr. Jurasek qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The
audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting
 with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits,
 and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for
 the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered
 public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting
 firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered
 public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing
 an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
 accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring
 compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our Public Offering and, if any noncompliance
 is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise
 causing compliance with the terms of our Public Offering; and 

reviewing
 and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors
 and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will
 be reviewed and approved by our Board, with the interested director or directors abstaining
 from such review and approval. 

The
audit committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of Nasdaq. 

68 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of our Board. The members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Jurasek and Levin, and
Mr. Levin serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
compensation committee charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice
of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight
of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel
or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by Nasdaq and the SEC. The compensation committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of Nasdaq. 

Director
Nominat ions 

We do not have a standing nominating
committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules.
In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection
by our Board. Our Board believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting
or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who participate in the consideration
and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Jurasek, Levin and Brown. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules,
all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The Board will also consider
director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for
election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders that wish
to nominate a director for election to our Board should follow the procedures set forth in our Charter. 

69 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, our Board considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates
for nomination to our Board. 

Observers to the Board of
Directors 

We have appointed Gil Penchina
as an observer of our Board. Mr. Penchina assists our management team with sourcing and evaluating business opportunities and devising
plans and strategies to optimize any business that we acquire. Board observers are neither paid nor reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
in connection with the search of acquisition targets before or after the consummation of our initial business combination. We have not
currently entered into any formal arrangements or agreements with board advisors to provide services to us and they will have no fiduciary
obligations to present business opportunities to us. 

Gil Penchina is
a serial entrepreneur and accomplished venture investor, whose portfolio companies include PayPal, LinkedIn, Fastly (NYSE: FSLY), Cruise,
Rent the Runway, PagerDuty (NYSE: PD), Discord, Dollar Shave Club, Carta and Wealthfront. Mr. Penchina is a co-founder of Fastly, an edge
cloud computing services provider. Previously, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Wikia (now re-branded Fandom.com), whose investors
include TPG, Amazon.com, Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN), Bessemer Venture Partners and Institutional Venture Partners. Beginning in 1998, Mr. Penchina
was a member of the pre-IPO team at eBay (Nasdaq: EBAY), where he held various senior management positions including Director, Mergers
 Acquisitions from 1999 to 2000 and Vice President and General Manager of eBay International from 2002 to 2006. Before eBay, Mr.
Penchina worked at General Electric (NYSE: GE) and Bain Company. Mr. Penchina received a Bachelors in Engineering from the University
of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1991 and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 1997. 

Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics
applicable to our directors, officers and employees (our Code of Ethics ). We have posted a copy of our Code of Ethics and
the charters of our audit committee and compensation committee on our website, www.10xspac.com/spacII, under Governance. 
Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference
in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon
request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on
Form 8-K. We granted no waivers under our Code of Ethics in 2022. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests
 of the company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
 purpose; 

directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the
 company and their personal interests; and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

70 

In addition to the above, directors
also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent
person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions
as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors have
a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our Charter provides that, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly
assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as
us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe,
however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 

Entity 

Entity s
 Business 

Affiliation 

Hans Thomas 
 
 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

10X Capital 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

The Number, LLC 
 
 Data science and analytics 
 
 Co-Founder 

Gaingels 10X Capital Fund 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 General Partner 

Gaingels 10X Capital Fund I, LP 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 General Partner 

Growth Technology Partners 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Chairman 

David Weisburd 
 
 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Chief Operating Officer, Head or Origination and Director 

10X Capital 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 General Partner and Co-Head of Venture Capital 

Gaingels 10X Capital Fund 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 General Partner 

Gaingels 10X Capital Fund I, LP 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 General Partner 

Growth Technology Partners 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Founder and General Partner 

Flight VC 
 
 Investment Syndicate 
 
 Partner 

71 

Guhan Kandasamy 
 
 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

10X Capital 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Chief Credit and Data Officer and Director 

Gaingels 10X Capital Fund I, LP 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Investment Committee Member 

Oliver Wriedt 
 
 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 President 

Christopher Jurasek 
 
 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 

Director 

Eagle View 
 
 Technology 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Woodrow H. Levin 
 
 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Director 

DraftKings Inc. 
 
 Sports entertainment and gaming 
 
 Director 

Extend, Inc. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Michael Brown 
 
 LAMF Global Ventures Corp. I 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Director 

Sacramento Kings 
 
 Sports 
 
 Head Coach 

Nigerian National Basketball Team 
 
 Sports 
 
 Head Coach 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time
 to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between
 our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do
 not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business
 combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
 for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
 not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 Sponsor purchased Founder Shares prior to the date of our Public Offering and purchased Private
 Placement Units in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Public
 Offering. Our Sponsor has entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which the Sponsor
 has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and any public
 shares they hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The
 other members of our management team have entered into agreements similar to the one entered
 into by our Sponsor with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after our Public
 Offering. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
 from the Trust Account with respect to its Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial
 business combination within the Combination Period. If we do not complete our initial business
 combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Units will expire worthless.
 Furthermore, our Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares
 until consummation of our initial business combination, other than the Founder Shares transferred
 to the Anchor Investors in connection with such Anchor Investors commitment to purchase
 a certain percentage of our Units in the Public Offering. Subject to certain limited exceptions,
 the Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants underlying
 the Private Placement Units, and the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement
 Warrants, will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial
 business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors may own ordinary
 shares or Warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining
 whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
 our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

72 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing a n initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our
Sponsor, officers or directors or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with
our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target
that is affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such initial business combination
is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore,
in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities first listed on Nasdaq, we began paying our Sponsor 20,000 per
month for office space and secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. 

In the event that we submit our
initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our Initial Shareholders and Anchor Investors have agreed to vote
their Founder Shares, and our Initial Shareholders and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote any Founder Shares
they hold and any Class A ordinary shares purchased in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and
Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit
the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors,
except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification
against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our Charter provides for indemnification of our officers and
directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their
own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability
insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us
and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be
able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations
may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

73 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our executive officers
or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed
on Nasdaq, we began paying our Sponsor 20,000 per month for office space and secretarial and administrative services provided to members
of our management team, and we will continue to make such payments through the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination
and our liquidation. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were
made to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not
have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business
combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees,
will be paid by us to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our
initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial
business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the
combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any
limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the
amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive
officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors of the combined company for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on the combined company s board
of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to
remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain
their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

We hav e
no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The
following table sets forth information available to us at April 10, 2023 with respect to our ordinary shares held by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary
 shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

74 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have shared or sole voting and investment power with respect to all
ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement
Warrants as they are not exercisable within 60 days of April 10, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Number of Class B Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 of Class A Ordinary Shares (3) 
 of Class B Ordinary Shares (3) 
 Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares (3) 
 
 Greater than 5 Holders 

10X Capital SPAC Sponsor II LLC (our Sponsor) (4) 
 455,000 
 5,332,328 
 8.6 
 80.0 
 48.4 
 
 P. Schoenfeld Asset Management LP (5) 
 350,061 
 
 6.6 
 
 2.9 
 
 Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund (6) 
 350,000 
 133,333 
 6.6 
 2.0 
 4.0 
 
 Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (7) 
 350,000 
 
 6.6 
 
 2.9 
 
 Sculptor Capital LP (8) 
 350,180 
 133,333 
 6.6 
 2.0 
 4.0 
 
 Spring Creek Capital, LLC (9) 
 350,000 
 
 6.6 
 
 2.9 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Hans Thomas (4) 
 455,000 
 5,332,328 
 8.6 
 80.0 
 48.4 
 
 David Weisburd (4) 
 455,000 
 5,332,328 
 8.6 
 80.0 
 48.4 
 
 Guhan Kandasamy 

Oliver Wriedt 

Christopher Jurasek 

Woodrow H. Levin 

Michael Brown 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) (4) 
 455,000 
 5,332,328 
 8.6 
 80.0 
 48.4 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
entities, directors and executives in this table is 1 World Trade Center, 85 th Floor, New York, New York 10007. 

(2) Interests shown consist of Founder Shares, classified as
Class B ordinary shares. Such Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately
following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one for one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) Percentage ownership is based on 5,297,030 Class A ordinary
shares and 6,666,667 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of April 10, 2023. 

(4) Represents the interest directly held by the Sponsor. The
Sponsor is controlled by its manager, 10X Capital Advisors, LLC (the Manager ). The Manager has the sole voting and dispositive
power of the securities held by the Sponsor. Hans Thomas and David Weisburd are the managing members of the Manager and accordingly may
be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities reported herein. Each of Mr. Thomas and Mr. Weisburd disclaims any ownership
of the securities reported herein other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(5) Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14,
2023 by P. Schoenfeld Asset Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership PSAM ), and Peter M. Schoenfeld. Represents 350,061
Class A ordinary shares directly held by the PSAM Funds (as defined below). PSAM is the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts
(the PSAM Funds with respect to the Class A ordinary shares directly held by the PSAM Funds. Mr. Schoenfeld is the managing
member of P. Schoenfeld Asset Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that serves as the general partner of PSAM, with
respect to the Class A ordinary directly held by the PSAM Funds. The business address of each reporting person is 1350 Avenue of the
Americas, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10019. 

(6) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February
13, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada PAMPI ). Represents
350,000 Class A ordinary shares directly held by Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF and 133,333 Class B ordinary shares, which are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately
following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-to-one basis, subject to certain adjustments. PMSMF is under
management by PAMPI. PAMPI serves as investment advisor of PMSMF and has control and discretion over the shares held by PMSMF. As such,
PAMPI may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares held by PMSMF. PAMPI disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares
other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The business address of PMSMF is c/o Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.,
16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON M5J 0E6. 

(7) Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 21,
2022 by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Radcliffe ), RGC Management Company,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company RGC ), Steven B. Katznelson, Christopher Hinkel, Radcliffe SPAC Master Fund,
L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership Radcliffe Master Fund ), and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company Radcliffe GP ). Radcliffe, RGC, Mr. Katznelson, Mr. Hinkel, Radcliffe Master Fund and Radcliffe GP reported shared
voting and dispositive power with respect to 350,000 Class A ordinary shares. Radcliffe is the relevant entity for which RGC, Mr.
Katznelson, and Mr. Hinkel may be considered control persons. Radcliffe Master Fund is the relevant entity for which Radcliffe GP, Mr.
Katznelson and Mr. Hinkel may be considered control persons. The principal address for each of these entities is 50 Monument Road, Suite
300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

75 

(8) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February
14, 2023 by Sculptor Capital LP, a Delaware limited partnership Sculptor ), Sculptor Capital II LP, a Delaware limited
partnership Sculptor-II ), Sculptor Capital Holding Corporation, a Delaware corporation SCHC ), Sculptor
Capital Holding II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SCHC-II ), Sculptor Capital Management, Inc., a Delaware limited
liability company SCU ), Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands company SCMF ), Sculptor Special Funding,
LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership NRMD ), Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands
company SCCO ), Sculptor SC II LP, a Delaware limited partnership NJGC ), and Sculptor Enhanced Master Fund,
Ltd., a Cayman Islands company SCEN ). Represents (a) 192,617 Class A ordinary shares directly held by SCMF, (b) 52,527
Class A ordinary shares directly held by SCCO, (c) 105,036 Class A ordinary shares directly held by NJGC, (f) 20,000 Class B ordinary
shares directly held by SCCO, (g) 73,333 Class B ordinary shares directly held by SCMF and (h) 40,000 Class B ordinary shares directly
held by NJGC. Sculptor is the principal investment manager to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively, the
 Accounts ). Sculptor-II is wholly owned by Sculptor and serves as the investment manager to certain of the Accounts. The
Accounts hold the Class A ordinary shares directly held by SCMF, SCCO, NJGC and SCEN. SCHC serves as the general partner of Sculptor.
SCHC-II is wholly owned by Sculptor and serves as the general partner of Sculptor-II. SCU is a holding company that is the sole shareholder
of SCHC and the ultimate parent company of Sculptor and Sculptor-II. Sculptor is the investment adviser to SCMF. NRMD is a Cayman Islands
exempted limited partnership that is wholly owned by SCMF. Sculptor is the investment adviser to SCCO. Sculptor-II is the investment
adviser to NJGC. Sculptor is the investment adviser to SCEN. Sculptor and Sculptor-II serve as the principal investment managers to the
Accounts and thus may be deemed beneficial owners of the 350,180 Class A ordinary shares held in the Accounts. SCHC-II serves as the
sole general partner of Sculptor-II and is wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor. As such, SCHC
and SCHC-II may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor-II and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the
350,180 Class A ordinary shares held in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor II. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC, and as
such, may be deemed a beneficial owner of 350,180 Class A ordinary shares. The business address of each of Sculptor, Sculptor-II, SCHC,
SCHC-II, and SCU is 9 West 57 Street, 39 Floor, New York, NY 10019. The business address of each of SCMF, SCEN, and SCCO is c/o State
Street (Cayman) Trust, Limited, 1 Nexus Way Suite #5203, PO Box 896, Helicona Courtyard, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KYI-1103, Cayman.
The business address of NRMD is c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KYI-1102, Cayman Islands. The business
address of NJGC is c/o The Corporation Trust Company 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801. 

(9) Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 10,
2023 by Spring Creek Capital, LLC Spring Creek ), SCC Holdings, LLC SCC ), KIM, LLC KIM ),
Koch Investments Group, LLC KIG ), Koch Investments Group Holdings, LLC KIGH and Koch Industries, Inc. Koch Industries ). Represents 350,000 Class A ordinary shares held by Spring Creek. Spring Creek is beneficially owned
by SCC, SCC is beneficially owned by KIM, KIM is beneficially owned by KIG, KIG is beneficially owned by KIGH, and KIGH is beneficially
owned by Koch Industries, in each case by means of ownership of all voting equity instruments. Koch Industries, SCC, KIM, KIG, and KIGH
may be deemed to beneficially own the Class A ordinary shares held by Spring Creek by virtue of (i) Koch Industries beneficial
ownership of KIGH, (ii) KIGH s beneficial ownership of KIG, (iii) KIG s beneficial ownership of KIM, (iv) KIM s
beneficial ownership of SCC and (v) SCC s beneficial ownership of Spring Creek. The principal address for each of these reporting
persons is 4111 E. 37th Street North, Wichita, KS 67220. 

Our Initial Shareholders beneficially
own 48.4 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint directors in
any election held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares
do not have the right to appoint any directors to our Board prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block,
our Initial Shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders,
including amendments to our Charter and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

On February 18, 2021, our Sponsor
purchased 7,666,667 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. On October 19, 2021,
the Sponsor forfeited, at no cost, 1,000,000 Founder Shares in connection with the election by the underwriter of our Public Offering
not to exercise an option granted to the underwriter to cover over-allotments. Following the Close Date, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate
of 1,334,339 Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors for the same price the Sponsor originally paid for such shares. At December 31, 2022,
our Sponsor held 5,332,328 Founder Shares. 

On the Close Date, we consummated
our Public Offering of 20,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000 before underwriting discounts
and expenses. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one Public Warrant. Simultaneously with the closing of
our Public Offering, we completed the sale of the Private Placement Units. 

Our Sponsor and our executive
officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional information regarding our relationships
with our promoters. 

76 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder Shares 

On February 18, 2021, our Sponsor
paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance
of an aggregate of 7,666,667 Founder Shares, of which 6,666,667 remain outstanding. On October 19, 2021, our Sponsor forfeited, at no
cost, 1,000,000 Founder Shares in connection with the election by the underwriter in our Public Offering not to exercise an option granted
to the underwriter to cover over-allotments. Following the Close Date, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 1,334,339 Founder Shares
to the Anchor Investors for the same price the Sponsor originally paid for such shares. In connection with the Extension, we, our Sponsor
and certain of our shareholders entered into non-redemption agreements whereby those certain shareholders agreed for our benefit to (i)
vote the Subject 10X II Equity Securities in favor of the Extension Proposal and (ii) not redeem the Subject 10X II Equity Securities
in connection with such proposal. In connection with these commitments from those certain shareholders, the Sponsor agreed to transfer
an aggregate of 794,088 Founder Shares prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. The Founder Shares currently represent 55.7 
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. At December 31, 2022, our Sponsor held 5,332,328 Founder Shares. 

The Founder Shares are identical
to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain
rights and transfer restrictions, as described in further detail below, and are automatically converted into Class A ordinary shares at
the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained
in our Charter. 

Our Initial Shareholders and
Anchor Investors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Founder Shares until the consummation of our initial business combination,
subject to certain exceptions. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of our Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 655,000 Private Placement Units to our Sponsor and Cantor
at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 6,550,000. 455,000 of the Private Placement Units
were sold to the Sponsor and 200,000 Private Placements Units were sold to Cantor. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
with respect to sale of the Private Placement Units. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The proceeds from the Private Placement Units were added to the proceeds
from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. 

The Private Placement Units are
identical to the Units, except that the Private Placement Units (including the underlying securities) are subject to certain transfer
restrictions and the holders thereof are entitled to certain registration rights, and, if held by the original holder or their permitted
assigns, the underlying Private Placement Warrants (i) may be exercised on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to redemption and (iii)
with respect to such Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor, will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of
sales in the Public Offering. If the Private Placement Units are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, then the Private Placement Warrants included in the Private Placement Units will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the
holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. 

If the we do not complete an
initial business combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund
the redemption of our Class A ordinary shares, subject to the requirements of applicable law, and the Private Placement Units will expire
worthless. 

77 

Registration Rights 

The holders of (i) the Founder
Shares, which were originally issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our Public Offering, (ii) the Private Placement Units,
which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our Public Offering, the Private Placement Shares and Private
Placement Warrants underlying the Private Placement Units, and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants
and (iii) the Working Capital Units have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant
to a registration rights agreement, dated August 10, 2021 by and among the Company, the Sponsor, Cantor, the Anchor Investors and the
holders signatory thereto (the registration rights agreement ). Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, assuming that
 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans are converted into Private Placement Units and assuming that all Founder Shares convert into Class
A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, we will be obligated to register up to 7,690,000 Class A ordinary shares and 218,333 Warrants.
The number of Class A ordinary shares includes (i) 6,666,667 Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon conversion of the Founder Shares,
(ii) 655,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Units, (iii) 218,333 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private
Placement Warrants and (iv) 150,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Working Capital Units. The number of Warrants includes 218,333
Private Placement Warrants and 50,000 Working Capital Warrants. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Cantor may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years,
respectively, after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

In connection with the proposed
Business Combination, the registration rights agreement will be amended and restated. The AA Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the
Closing, African Agriculture, the Sponsor and other stockholders of African Agriculture will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement, which will supersede the registration rights agreement, and pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor and such
holders will be granted certain customary registration rights, demand rights and piggyback rights with respect to their respective shares
of common stock of New African Agriculture. 

Related Party Notes 

On February 18, 2021, the Sponsor
agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Public Offering pursuant to the Pre-IPO Promissory
Note. The Pre-IPO Promissory Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) December 31, 2021 or
(ii) the completion of the our Public Offering. Upon the closing of our Public Offering, we repaid 87,369 under the Pre-IPO Promissory
Note, and the Pre-IPO Promissory Note is no longer available to us. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In
the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1.5
million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Working Capital Units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the
lender, and the Working Capital Units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. Each Working Capital Unit would consist of one
Class A ordinary shares and one-third of one redeemable warrant. 

On November 14, 2022, we issued
the 2022 Note to the Sponsor for a Working Capital Loan of up to 800,000. The 2022 Note bears no interest and is repayable in full on
the Maturity Date. The 2022 Note may also be converted into Working Capital Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the
holder of the 2022 Note at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date. The Working Capital Units are identical to our Private Placement
Units, with each Working Capital Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. As of December
31, 2022, there was 600,000 outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

78 

After our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the board of directors of the combined company to determine executive and director compensation. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We entered into an agreement
that provides that from August 10, 2021 through the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination and the liquidation,
we will pay the Sponsor 20,000 per month for office space and secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company. We will
cease paying these monthly fees upon the consummation of a business combination. 

In addition, the Sponsor, officers
and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that are made by us to the Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates.
Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. 

Acquiror Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution
of the AA Merger Agreement, we entered into the Acquiror Support Agreement with African Agriculture and the Class B Holders, pursuant
to which the Class B Holders agreed to, among other things, (i) vote in favor of the Business Combination, the Domestication and the other
Proposals (as defined in the AA Merger Agreement) and (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business
Combination, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Acquiror Support Agreement. As of the date of this
Annual Report, and due to the redemption of 15,357,970 public shares in connection with the Extension, the Sponsor owns 48.4 of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our Board be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our Board has determined that each of Messrs. Jurasek, Levin and Brown are independent directors as defined
in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

79 

Item 14. Principal Accountant
Fees and Services. 

Fees for professional services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include: 

For the 
 For the Period from February 10, 2021 (Inception) 

Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 to 
December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 114,467 
 127,715 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 3,750 
 2,000 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 118,217 
 129,715 

(1) Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our year-end consolidated financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent
registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end consolidated financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional
services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for
all other services including permitted due diligence services related to a potential business combination. 

Policy on Board Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors 

The audit committee is responsible
for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit
committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent
auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 

80 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial
Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual
Report: 

Financial Statements: See Index
to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to
exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 2, 2022, by and among the Company, AA Merger Sub and African Agriculture (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 3, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 3, 2023, by and among the Company, AA Merger Sub and African Agriculture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by the Company on January 20, 2023 (File No. 333-269342)). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 9, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-l filed by the Company on April 8, 2021 (File No. 333-253867)). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-l filed by the Company on April 8, 2021 (File No. 333-2538671)). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-l filed by the Company on April 8, 2021 (File No. 333-253867)). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 13, 2021 (File No. 001-4072211)). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 13, 2021 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the Holders signatory thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 13, 2021 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 13, 2021 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 13, 2021 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-l filed by the Company on April 8, 2021 (File No. 333-253867)). 

81 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.7 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 13, 2021 (File No. 001-407221)). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of February 18, 2021, issued to the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Company s Form S-l filed by the Company on March 4, 2021 (File No. 333-253867)). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Mutual Termination of Merger Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2022, by and among the Company, 10X Magic First Merger Sub, Inc., 10X Magic Second Merger Sub, LLC and Prime Blockchain Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Acquiror Support Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2022, by and among the Company, African Agriculture, the Sponsor and the directors and executive officers of the Company named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 3, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Non-Redemption Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 3, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2022, by and between the Company and Yorkville (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 3, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.13 
 
 OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction, dated as of November 2, 2022, by and among the Company, African Agriculture and Vellar (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 3, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Joinder to the Letter Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2022, between the Company, the Sponsor and Michael Brown (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 9, 2022 (File No. 001-40722)). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of November 14, 2022, issued by the Company to the Sponsor. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (included on the signature pages herein). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

82 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II 
 
 Date: April
 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Hans Thomas 

Name: 
 Hans Thomas 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS,
that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Hans Thomas and David Weisburd and each or any one of them, his
true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead,
in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and
other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that
said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Hans Thomas 
 
 Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Hans
 Thomas 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 David Weisburd 
 
 Chief
Operating Officer, 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 David
 Weisburd 
 
 Head of Origination and Director 

/s/
 Guhan Kandasamy 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Guhan
 Kandasamy 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Christopher Jurasek 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Christopher
 Jurasek 

/s/
 Woodrow H. Levin 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Woodrow
 H. Levin 

/s/
 Michael Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Brown 

83 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-4_10xcapital2.htm
 WARRANT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF AUGUST 10, 2021, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, AS WARRANT AGENT

Exhibit 4.4 

WARRANT AGREEMENT 

THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT (this
 Agreement ), dated as of August 10, 2021, is by and between 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Company ), and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York corporation,
as warrant agent (in such capacity, the Warrant Agent , and also referred to herein as the Transfer
Agent ). 

WHEREAS, the Company is engaged
in an initial public offering (the Offering of units of the Company s equity securities, each such
unit comprised of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share Ordinary Shares ), and one-third
of one redeemable Public Warrant (as defined below) (the Public Units and, in connection therewith, has determined
to issue and deliver up to 6,666,667 warrants (or up to 7,666,667 warrants if the Over-allotment Option (as defined below) is exercised
in full) to public investors in the Offering (the Public Warrants ); 

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into that certain Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement with 10X Capital SPAC Sponsor II LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability
company (the Sponsor ), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 455,000 units simultaneously
with the closing of the Offering (the Sponsor Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private
Placement Unit, and, in connection therewith, up to 151,666 warrants underlying the Sponsor Private Placement Units (the Sponsor
Private Placement Warrants ), which bear the legend set forth in Exhibit B hereto; 

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into that certain Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor or the
 Underwriter ), pursuant to which Cantor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 200,000 units simultaneously with
the closing of the Offering (the Underwriter Private Placement Units and, together with the Sponsor Private
Placement Units, the Private Placement Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, and,
in connection therewith, up to 66,667 warrants underlying the Cantor Private Placement Units (the Underwriter Private Placement
Warrants and, together with the Sponsor Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants ),
which bear the legend set forth in Exhibit C hereto; 

WHEREAS, in order to finance
the Company s transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination (as defined below), the Sponsor or an
affiliate of the Sponsor or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan to the Company funds as the
Company may require, of which up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into up to an additional 150,000 units at a price of 10.00
per unit (the Working Capital Units and, together with the Public Units and the Private Placement Units, the
 Units ), each consisting of one Ordinary Share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Working
Capital Warrants ); 

WHEREAS, the Company has filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission a registration statement on Form S-1, File
No. 333-253867 (the Registration Statement ), and prospectus (the Prospectus ),
for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the Units, the
Public Warrants and the Ordinary Shares included in the Units; 

WHEREAS, following the consummation
of the Offering, the Company may issue additional warrants (the Post-IPO Warrants and, together with the Private
Placement Warrants, the Working Capital Warrants and the Public Warrants, the Warrants in connection with,
or following the consummation by the Company of, a Business Combination; 

WHEREAS, each whole Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share for 11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment as described herein. Only
whole Warrants are exercisable. A holder of the Warrants will not be able to exercise any fraction of a Warrant; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires
the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration,
transfer, exchange, redemption and exercise of the Warrants; 

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to provide for the form and provisions of the Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the respective rights,
limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and things
have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or
on behalf of the Warrant Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Appointment
of Warrant Agent . The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Warrants, and
the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement. 

2. Warrants . 

2.1 Form
of Warrant . Each Warrant shall be issued in registered form only, and, if a physical certificate is issued, shall be
in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear
the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Company s board of directors (the Board ), President,
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or other principal officer of the Company. In the event the person whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Warrant before such
Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance. All of the
Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more book-entry certificates (each, a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate ). 

2.2 Effect
of Countersignature . If a physical certificate is issued, unless and until countersigned by the Warrant Agent pursuant
to this Agreement, a Warrant certificate shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof. 

2 

2.3 Registration . 

2.3.1 Warrant
Register . The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the Warrant Register for the registration
of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall
issue and register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with
instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company. All of the Public Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more Book-Entry
Warrant Certificates deposited with The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary and registered in the name
of Cede Co., a nominee of the Depositary. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Public Warrants shall be shown on, and the transfer
of such ownership shall be effected through, records maintained by (i) the Depositary or its nominee for each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate,
or (ii) institutions that have accounts with the Depositary (each such institution, with respect to a Warrant in its account, a Participant ). 

If the Depositary subsequently
ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Public Warrants, the Company may instruct the Warrant Agent regarding
making other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Public Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer necessary
to have the Public Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depositary to deliver
to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver
to the Depositary definitive certificates in physical form evidencing such Warrants Definitive Warrant Certificate ).
Such Definitive Warrant Certificate shall be in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A, with appropriate insertions, modifications
and omissions, as provided above. 

2.3.2 Registered
Holder . Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may
deem and treat the person in whose name such Warrant is registered in the Warrant Register (the Registered Holder as the absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing
on a Definitive Warrant Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the purpose of any exercise thereof,
and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

2.4 Detachability
of Warrants . The Ordinary Shares and Public Warrants comprising the Units shall begin separate trading on the 52nd day
following the date of the Prospectus or, if such 52nd day is not on a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday, on which
banks in New York City are generally open for normal business (a Business Day ), then on the immediately succeeding
Business Day following such date, or earlier (the Detachment Date with the consent of Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co., as representative of the several underwriters, but in no event shall the Ordinary Shares and the Public Warrants comprising the Units
be separately traded until (A) the Company has filed a current report on Form 8-K with the Commission containing an audited balance sheet
reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Offering, including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise
by the underwriters of their right to purchase additional Units in the Offering (the Over-allotment Option ),
if the Over-allotment Option is exercised prior to the filing of the Form 8-K, and (B) the Company issues a press release and files with
the Commission a current report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate trading shall begin. 

2.5 Fractional
Warrants . The Company shall not issue fractional Warrants other than as part of the Units, each of which is comprised of one Ordinary
Share and one-third of one Public Warrant. If, upon the detachment of Public
Warrants from Units or otherwise, a holder of Warrants would be entitled to receive a fractional Warrant, the Company shall round down
to the nearest whole number of Warrants to be issued to such holder. 

3 

2.6 Private
Placement Warrants and Working Capital Warrants . The Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants shall
be identical to the Public Warrants, except that until the date that is thirty (30) days after the completion by the Company of an initial
Business Combination (as defined below) the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants may not be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holders thereof, other than: 

(a) to
the Company s officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of the Company s officers or directors, any affiliate
of the Sponsor or Cantor or to any members of the Sponsor, Cantor or any of their affiliates; 

(b) in
the case of an individual, by gift to a member of such individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is
a member of such individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such individual or to a charitable organization; 

(c) in
the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person; 

(d) in
the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; 

(e) by
private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation
of an initial Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the Warrants were originally purchased; 

(f) by
virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the limited liability company agreement of the Sponsor upon dissolution of the Sponsor; 

(g) in
the event of the Company s liquidation prior to the consummation of a Business Combination; or 

(h) in
the event that, subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares
for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (a) through (f), these transferees (the
 Permitted Transferees enter into a written agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer
restrictions in this Agreement and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among
the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. 

2.7 Working
Capital Warrants . Each of the Working Capital Warrants shall be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

2.8 Post- IPO
Warrants . The Post-IPO Warrants, when and if issued, shall have the same terms and be in the same form as the Public Warrants except
as may be agreed upon by the Company. 

2.9 Termination
of Warrants Held by Cantor. Cantor hereby agrees that it shall have the right to exercise until and shall forfeit to the Company
for cancellation any Warrants held by it on the date that is five years after the effective date of the Registration Statement in accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). 

4 

3. Terms
and Exercise of Warrants . 

3.1 Warrant
Price . Each Warrant shall entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions of such Warrant and of this
Agreement, including without limitation, subsection 3.3.5 , to purchase from the Company the number of Ordinary Shares stated therein,
at the price of 11.50 per share, subject to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof and in the last sentence of this Section
3.1. The term Warrant Price as used in this Agreement shall mean the price per share at which Ordinary Shares may be
purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price at any time prior to the
Expiration Date (as defined below) for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business Days, provided, that the Company shall provide at
least twenty (20) days prior written notice of such reduction to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further that any such
reduction shall be identical among all of the Warrants. 

3.2 Duration
of Warrants . A Warrant may be exercised only during the period (the Exercise Period commencing
on the date that is thirty (30) days after the first date on which the Company completes a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business
Combination ), and terminating on the earlier to occur of: (i) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on the date that is five
(5) years after the date on which the Company completes its initial Business Combination, (ii) the liquidation of the Company and (iii)
the Redemption Date (as defined below) as provided in Section 6.2 hereof (the Expiration Date ); provided ,
 however, that the exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection
3.3.2 below, with respect to an effective registration statement. Except with respect to the right to receive the Redemption Price
(as defined below) in the event of a redemption (as set forth in Section 6 hereof), each outstanding Warrant not exercised on or
before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall cease
at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Warrants by
delaying the Expiration Date; provided that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any such
extension to Registered Holders of the Warrants and, provided further that any such extension shall be identical in duration among all
the Warrants. 

3.3 Exercise
of Warrants . 

3.3.1 Payment . 
Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement, including without limitation, subsection 3.3.5 , a Warrant may be exercised
by the Registered Holder thereof by delivering to the Warrant Agent at its corporate trust department (i) the Definitive Warrant Certificate
evidencing the Warrants to be exercised, or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, the Warrants to be exercised (the Book-Entry
Warrants on the records of the Depositary to an account of the Warrant Agent at the Depositary designated for such purposes
in writing by the Warrant Agent to the Depositary from time to time, (ii) an election to purchase Election to Purchase Ordinary Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant, properly completed and executed by the Registered Holder on the reverse of the
Definitive Warrant Certificate or, in the case of a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, properly delivered by the Participant in accordance
with the Depositary s procedures, and (iii) payment in full of the Warrant Price for each full Ordinary Share as to which the Warrant
is exercised and any and all applicable taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Warrant, the exchange of the Warrant for the
Ordinary Shares and the issuance of such Ordinary Shares, as follows: 

(a) in
lawful money of the United States, in good certified check or good bank draft payable to the order of the Warrant Agent or by wire transfer
of immediately available funds; 

5 

(b) in
the event of a redemption pursuant to Section 6 hereof in which the Company s board of directors (the Board has elected to require all holders of the Warrants to exercise such Warrants on a cashless basis, by surrendering the Warrants
for that number of Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Ordinary Shares underlying
the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value , as defined in this subsection 3.3.1(b) , over the
Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 3.3.1(b) and Section 6.3 , the Fair
Market Value shall mean the average closing price of the Ordinary Shares for the ten (10) trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Warrants, pursuant to Section 6 hereof ; or 

(c) as
provided in Section 7.4 hereof. 

3.3.2 Issuance
of Ordinary Shares on Exercise . As soon as practicable
after the exercise of any Warrant and the clearance of the funds in payment of the Warrant Price (if payment is pursuant to subsection
3.3.1 (a)) , the Company shall issue to the Registered Holder of such Warrant a book-entry position or certificate, as applicable,
for the number of full Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him,
her or it, and if such Warrant shall not have been exercised in full, a new book-entry position or countersigned Warrant, as applicable,
for the number of Ordinary Shares as to which such Warrant shall not have been exercised. If fewer than all the Warrants evidenced by
a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate are exercised, a notation shall be made to the records maintained by the Depositary, its nominee for
each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, or a Participant, as appropriate, evidencing the balance of the Warrants remaining after such exercise.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Ordinary Shares pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant
and shall have no obligation to settle such Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to
the Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company s
satisfying its obligations under Section 7.4 . No Warrant shall be exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to issue Ordinary
Shares upon exercise of a Warrant unless the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such Warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed
to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the Registered Holder of the Warrants.
In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Warrant, the holder of
such Warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless, in which case the
purchaser of a Unit containing such Warrants shall have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the Ordinary Shares underlying
such Unit. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrant exercise. The Company may require holders of Public
Warrants to settle the Warrant on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 . If, by reason of any exercise of Warrants
on a cashless basis , the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional
interest in an Ordinary Share, the Company shall round down to the nearest whole number, the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to
such holder. 

3.3.3 Valid
Issuance . All Ordinary Shares issued upon the proper exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

3.3.4 Date
of Issuance . Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate, as applicable, for Ordinary Shares is
issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Ordinary Shares on the date on which the Warrant,
or book-entry position representing such Warrant, was surrendered and payment of the Warrant Price was made, irrespective of the date
of delivery of such certificate in the case of a certificated Warrant, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a date
when the share transfer books of the Company or book-entry system of the Warrant Agent are closed, such person shall be deemed to have
become the holder of such Ordinary Shares at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books or book-entry
system are open. 

6 

3.3.5 Maximum
Percentage . A holder of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions
contained in this subsection 3.3.5 ; however, no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to this subsection 3.3.5 unless
he, she or it makes such election. If the election is made by a holder, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holder s
Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such
person (together with such person s affiliates) or any group of which Holder or its affiliates is a member, would
beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify)(the Maximum Percentage of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate
number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such person and its affiliates is
a member, shall include the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant with respect to which the determination of
such sentence is being made, but shall exclude Ordinary Shares that would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining, unexercised
portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such person or its affiliates is a
member, and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned
by such person and its affiliates, or any group of which such person or its affiliates is a member (including, without limitation, any
convertible notes or convertible preference shares or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and
the applicable regulations of the Commission. For purposes hereof, group has the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and applicable regulations of the Commission, and the percentage held by Holder shall be determined in a manner consistent
with the provisions of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. To the extent that a holder makes the election described in this subsection
3.3.5, the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holder s Warrant, and such holder shall not have the right to exercise
such Warrant unless it provides to the Warrant Agent in its Election to Purchase, a certification that, upon after giving effect to such
exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates) or any group of which Holder or its affiliates is a
member, would beneficially own in excess of the Maximum Percentage of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect
to such exercise as determined in accordance with this subsection 3.3.5. For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding
Ordinary Shares, the holder may rely on the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares as reflected in (1) the Company s most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, current report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission as the
case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting
forth the number of Ordinary Shares outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written request of the holder of the Warrant, the
Company shall, within two (2) Business Days, confirm orally and in writing to such holder the number of Ordinary Shares then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of equity
securities of the Company by the holder and its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding Ordinary Shares was reported.
By written notice to the Company, the holder of a Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable
to such holder to any other percentage specified in such notice; provided, however, that any such increase shall not be effective
until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company. 

4. Adjustments . 

4.1 Share
Capitalizations . 

4.1.1 Split-Ups .
If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 below, the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares is increased
by a share capitalization payable in Ordinary Shares, or by a split-up of Ordinary Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number of Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall
be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Ordinary Shares. A rights offering to holders of the Ordinary Shares entitling
holders to purchase Ordinary Shares at a price less than the Fair Market Value (as defined below) shall be deemed a share
capitalization of a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Ordinary Shares actually sold in such rights offering
(or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for the Ordinary
Shares) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Ordinary Share paid in such rights offering and divided by
(y) the Fair Market Value. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.1 , (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into
or exercisable for Ordinary Shares, in determining the price payable for Ordinary Shares, there shall be taken into account any consideration
received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) Fair Market Value 
means the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the Ordinary Shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without
the right to receive such rights. 

7 

4.1.2 Extraordinary
Dividends . If the Company, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, shall pay a dividend or make a distribution
in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of the Ordinary Shares on account of such Ordinary Shares (or other of the Company s
share capital into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described in subsection 4.1.1 above, (b) Ordinary Cash
Dividends (as defined below), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of the Ordinary Shares in connection with a proposed
initial Business Combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as amended from time to time, the Charter to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold in
the Offering if the Company does not complete the Business Combination within the period set forth in the Charter or with respect to any
other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, or to provide for redemption
in connection with a Business Combination or (e) in connection with the redemption of public Ordinary Shares included in the Units sold
in the Offering upon the failure of the Company to complete its initial Business Combination and any subsequent distribution of its assets
upon its liquidation (any such non-excluded event being referred to herein as an Extraordinary Dividend ),
then the Warrant Price shall be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend, by the amount
of cash and/or the fair market value (as determined by the Board, in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each Ordinary
Share in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend. For purposes of this subsection 4.1.2 , Ordinary Cash Dividends 
means any cash dividend or cash distribution which, when combined on a per share basis, with the per share amounts of all other cash dividends
and cash distributions paid on the Ordinary Shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution
(as adjusted to appropriately reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends
or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to the number of Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of
each Warrant) does not exceed 0.50 (being 5 of the offering price of the Units in the Offering). 

4.2 Aggregation
of Shares . If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 4.6 hereof, the number of outstanding
Ordinary Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Ordinary Shares or other similar
event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number
of Ordinary Shares issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Ordinary Shares. 

4.3 Adjustments
in Warrant Price . 

4.3.1 Whenever
the number of Ordinary Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants is adjusted, as provided in subsection 4.1.1 or Section
4.2 above, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant Price immediately prior to such adjustment
by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately
prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which shall be the number of Ordinary Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

4.3.2 If
(x) the Company issues additional Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Ordinary Share (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders
(as defined in the Prospectus) or their affiliates, without taking into account any Class B Ordinary Shares (as defined below) held by
such shareholders or their affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price )), (y)
the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for funding the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Company s Business Combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Ordinary Shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day
prior to the day on which the Company consummates the Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the last sales price of the Ordinary Shares that triggers the Company s right to redeem the Warrants
pursuant to Section 6.1 below shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price. 

8 

4.4 Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization, etc . In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Ordinary Shares
(other than a change under subsections 4.1.1 or 4.1.2 or Section 4.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value
of such Ordinary Shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or conversion of the
Company as another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation (and is not a subsidiary
of another entity whose shareholders did not own all or substantially all of the Ordinary Shares of the Company in substantially the same
proportions immediately before such transaction) and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
Ordinary Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the assets or other property of the Company as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the holders of the Warrants shall thereafter have the
right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the Ordinary
Shares of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind
and amount of shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or
consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such
holder had exercised his, her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to such event (the Alternative Issuance );
 provided , however , that if the holders of the Ordinary Shares were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind
or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash
or other assets constituting the Alternative Issuance for which each Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be the weighted
average of the kind and amount received per share by the holders of the Ordinary Shares in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively
make such election; provided further that if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Ordinary Shares
in the applicable event is payable in the form of capital stock or shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national
securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following
such event, and if the Registered Holder properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following the public disclosure of the
consummation of such applicable event by the Company pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission, the Warrant Price
shall be reduced by an amount (in dollars) equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the Warrant Price in effect
prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined
below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation
of the applicable event based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets Bloomberg ). 

For purposes of calculating such amount, (1) Section
6 of this Agreement shall be taken into account, (2) the price of each Ordinary Share shall be the volume weighted average price of
the Ordinary Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the applicable
event, (3) the assumed volatility shall be the 90 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg determined as of the trading
day immediately prior to the day of the announcement of the applicable event, and (4) the assumed risk-free interest rate shall correspond
to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the remaining term of the Warrant. Per Share Consideration 
means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the Ordinary Shares consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per Ordinary
Share, and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day
period ending on the trading day prior to the effective date of the applicable event. If any reclassification or reorganization also results
in a change in Ordinary Shares covered by subsection 4.1.1, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to subsection 4.1.1 
or Sections 4.2, 4.3 and this Section 4.4 . The provisions of this Section 4.4 shall similarly apply to successive
reclassifications, reorganizations, mergers or consolidations, sales or other transfers. In no event will the Warrant Price be reduced
to less than the par value per share issuable upon exercise of the Warrant. 

9 

4.5 Notices
of Changes in Warrant . Upon every adjustment of the Warrant Price or the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
a Warrant, the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from
such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of Ordinary Shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of
a Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence
of any event specified in Sections 4.1 , 4.2 , 4.3 or 4.4 , the Company shall give written notice of the occurrence
of such event to each holder of a Warrant, at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register, of the record date or
the effective date of the event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such
event. 

4.6 No
Fractional Shares . Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional
Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4, the holder of any
Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company shall, upon such
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued to such holder. 

4.7 Form
of Warrant . The form of Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4, and Warrants
issued after such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of Ordinary Shares as is stated in the Warrants initially
issued pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in
the form of Warrant that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Warrant thereafter issued
or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed. 

4.8 Other
Events . In case any event shall occur affecting the Company as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections
of this Section 4 are strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid
an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4 , then, in each such case, the Company
shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national standing, which
shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to effectuate the intent
and purpose of this Section 4 and, if they determine that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment. The Company
shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion. For the avoidance
of doubt, all adjustments made pursuant to this Section 4.8 shall be made equally to all outstanding Warrants. 

4.9 No
Adjustment . For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Warrants solely as a result
of an adjustment to the conversion ratio of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Class B Ordinary Shares into Ordinary Shares or the conversion of the Class B Ordinary Shares into Ordinary Shares, in each case, pursuant to the Charter. 

5. Transfer
and Exchange of Warrants . 

5.1 Registration
of Transfer . The Warrant Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant
Register, upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer, in the case of a certificated Warrant, properly endorsed with signatures properly
guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate
number of Warrants shall be issued and the old Warrant shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. In the case of certificated Warrants,
the Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant Agent to the Company from time to time upon request. 

10 

5.2 Procedure
for Surrender of Warrants . Warrants may be surrendered to the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for exchange
or transfer, and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants as requested by the Registered
Holder of the Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided, however, that except as otherwise
provided herein or in any Book-Entry Warrant Certificate or Definitive Warrant Certificate, each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate and Definitive
Warrant Certificate may be transferred only in whole and only to the Depositary, to another nominee of the Depositary, to a successor
depository, or to a nominee of a successor depository; provided further, however, that in the event that a Warrant surrendered
for transfer bears a restrictive legend (as in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants), the Warrant
Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new Warrants in exchange thereof until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel
for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend. 

5.3 Fractional
Warrants . The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in
the issuance of a warrant certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a warrant, except as part of the Units. 

5.4 Service
Charges . No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Warrants. 

5.5 Warrant
Execution and Countersignature . The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement, the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5, and the Company, whenever
required by the Warrant Agent, shall supply the Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose. 

5.6 Transfer
of Warrants . Prior to the Detachment Date, the Public Warrants may be transferred or exchanged only together with the Unit
in which such Warrant is included, and only for the purpose of effecting, or in conjunction with, a transfer or exchange of such Unit.
Furthermore, each transfer of a Unit on the register relating to such Units shall operate also to transfer the Warrants included in such
Unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.6 shall have no effect on any transfer of Warrants on and
after the Detachment Date. 

6. Redemption . 

6.1 Redemption
of Warrants for Cash . All, but not less than all, of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed, at the option of the
Company, at any time while they are exercisable and prior to their expiration, at the office of the Warrant Agent, upon notice to the
Registered Holders of the Warrants, as described in Section 6.2 below, at the price of 0.01 per Warrant (the Redemption
Price ); provided that the closing price of the Ordinary Shares reported has been at least 18.00 per share (subject
to adjustment in compliance with Section 4 hereof), on each of twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period
ending on the third Business Day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given; provided further there is an effective
registration statement covering the issuance of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating
thereto, available throughout the 30-day Redemption Period (as defined in Section 6.2 below) or the Company has elected to require
the exercise of the Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1 and such cashless exercise is exempt
from registration under the Securities Act. 

6.2 Date
Fixed for, and Notice of, Redemption . In the event that the Company elects to redeem all of the Warrants pursuant to Section
6.1 , the Company shall fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date ). Notice of redemption shall
be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption Date (such period,
the Redemption Period to the Registered Holders of the Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as
they shall appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been
duly given whether or not the Registered Holder received such notice. 

11 

6.3 Exercise
After Notice of Redemption . The Warrants may be exercised, for cash (or on a cashless basis in accordance with
 subsection 3.3.1(b) of this Agreement, as applicable) at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company
pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof and prior to the Redemption Date. In the event that the Company determines to require all holders
of Warrants to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to subsection 3.3.1(b) , the notice of redemption
shall contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Ordinary Shares to be received upon exercise of the Warrants, including
the Fair Market Value (as such term is defined in subsection 3.3.1(b) hereof) in such case. On and after the Redemption
Date, the record holder of the Warrants shall have no further rights except to receive, upon surrender of the Warrants, the Redemption
Price. 

7. Other
Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants . 

7.1 No
Rights as Shareholder . A Warrant does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the
Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote
or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company
or any other matter. 

7.2 Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants . If any Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant
Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant,
include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated, or
destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost,
stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone. 

7.3 Reservation
of Ordinary Shares . The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary
Shares that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

7.4 Registration
of Ordinary Shares; Cashless Exercise at Company s Option . 

7.4.1 Registration
of the Ordinary Shares . The Company agrees that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) Business Days
after the closing of its initial Business Combination, it shall use its best efforts to file with the Commission a registration statement
registering, under the Securities Act, the issuance of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall use
its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current
prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. If any such registration
statement has not been declared effective by the 60th Business Day following the closing of the Business Combination, holders of the Warrants
shall have the right, during the period beginning on the 61st Business Day after the closing of the Business Combination and ending upon
such registration statement being declared effective by the Commission, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have
maintained an effective registration statement covering the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, to exercise such Warrants
on a cashless basis, by exchanging the Warrants (in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor
rule) or another exemption) for that number of Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of Ordinary Shares underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) over the
Warrant Price by (y) the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this subsection 7.4.1 , Fair Market Value shall
mean the average closing price of the Ordinary Shares for the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the date
that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent from the holder of such Warrants or its securities broker or intermediary. The
date that notice of cashless exercise is received by the Warrant Agent shall be conclusively determined by the Warrant Agent. In connection
with the cashless exercise of a Public Warrant, the Company shall, upon request, provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion
of counsel for the Company (which shall be an outside law firm with securities law experience) stating that (i) the exercise of the Warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with this subsection 7.4.1 is not required to be registered under the Securities Act and (ii)
the Ordinary Shares issued upon such exercise shall be freely tradable under United States federal securities laws by anyone who is not
an affiliate (as such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule)) of the Company and, accordingly, shall
not be required to bear a restrictive legend. Except as provided in subsection 7.4.2 , for the avoidance of any doubt, unless and
until all of the Warrants have been exercised or have expired, the Company shall continue to be obligated to comply with its registration
obligations under the first three sentences of this subsection 7.4.1. 

12 

7.4.2 Cashless
Exercise at Company s Option . If the Ordinary Shares is at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act (or any successor rule), the Company may, at its option, require holders to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (or any successor rule) as described in subsection 7.4.1 and (i) in the
event the Company so elects, the Company shall not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration,
under the Securities Act, of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary or (ii) if the Company does not so elect, the Company agrees to use its best efforts to register or qualify for sale the
Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants under the blue sky laws of the state of residence of the exercising Public
Warrant holder to the extent an exemption is not available. 

8. Concerning
the Warrant Agent and Other Matters . 

8.1 Payment
of Taxes . The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the
Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants, but the Company shall not be
obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such Ordinary Shares. 

8.2 Resignation,
Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent . 

8.2.1 Appointment
of Successor Warrant Agent . The Warrant Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and
be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company.
If the office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing
a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty
(30) days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of a Warrant (who
shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Warrant for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent at the Company s
cost. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under
the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New
York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state
authority. After appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties,
and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further
act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver, at the
expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor
Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any
and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority,
powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations. 

8.2.2 Notice
of Successor Warrant Agent . In the event a successor Warrant Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice
thereof to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the Transfer Agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such
appointment. 

8.2.3 Merger
or Consolidation of Warrant Agent . Any entity into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated
or any entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent
under this Agreement without any further act. 

8.3 Fees
and Expenses of Warrant Agent . 

8.3.1 Remuneration . 
The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and shall, pursuant
to its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably
incur in the execution of its duties hereunder. 

13 

8.3.2 Further
Assurances . The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged,
and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the
carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement. 

8.4 Liability
of Warrant Agent . 

8.4.1 Reliance
on Company Statement . Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it
necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder,
such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved
and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, President, Executive
Vice President, Vice President, Secretary or Chairman of the Board of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent
may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 

8.4.2 Indemnity . 
The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud or bad faith. The Company agrees
to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel
fees, for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agent s
gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. 

8.4.3 Exclusions . 
The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution
of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant. The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to make any adjustments
required under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, method, or amount of any such adjustment or the
ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any
representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any
Warrant or as to whether any Ordinary Shares shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid and non-assessable. 

8.5 Acceptance
of Agency . The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same
upon the terms and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants
exercised and concurrently account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of Ordinary
Shares through the exercise of the Warrants. 

8.6 Waiver . 
The Warrant Agent has no right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in, or
to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The Warrant Agent hereby waives any and all Claims
against the Trust Account and any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account. 

9. Miscellaneous
Provisions . 

9.1 Successors . 
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to the
benefit of their respective successors and assigns. 

9.2 Notices . 
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant
to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private
courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing
by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows: 

10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II 

 1 World Trade Center, 85 th Floor 

 New York, NY 10007 

 Attention: Hans Thomas, Chief Executive Officer 

14 

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by
this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given
when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five (5) days after
deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company),
as follows: 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 

 1 State Street, 30th Floor 

 New York, NY 10004 

 Attention: Compliance Department 

in each case, with copies to: 

White Case LLP 

1221 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10020 

Attn: Joel L. Rubinstein,
Esq. 

Email: joel.rubinstein@whitecase.com 

and 

Ellenoff Grossman Schole
LLP 

1345 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10105 

Attn: Douglas S. Ellenoff 

Stuart Neuhauser 

Email: ellenoff@egsllp.com 

sneuhauser@egsllp.com 

9.3 Applicable
Law and Exclusive Forum . The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be
governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against
it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby waives any objection to such jurisdiction and that
such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States
of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Warrants shall
be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 9.3 . If any action, the subject matter
of which is within the scope the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any warrant holder,
such warrant holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within
the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action brought
in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such
warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such
warrant holder. 

15 

9.4 Persons
Having Rights under this Agreement . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person
or corporation other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Warrants any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason
of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises,
and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and
assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Warrants. 

9.5 Examination
of the Warrant Agreement . A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant
Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent
may require any such holder to submit such holder s Warrant for inspection by the Warrant Agent. 

9.6 Counterparts . 
This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. 

9.7 Effect
of Headings . The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect
the interpretation thereof. 

9.8 Amendments . 
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder (i) for the purpose of curing any ambiguity,
including to conform the provisions hereof to the description of the terms of the Warrants and this Agreement set forth in the Prospectus,
or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not
adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders, and (ii) to provide for the delivery of Alternative Issuance pursuant to Section
4.4. All other modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise
Period shall require the vote or written consent of the Registered Holders of 50 of the number of the then outstanding Warrants and,
solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Post-IPO Warrants (if any), 50 of the number of then outstanding Post-IPO Warrants.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections
3.1 and 3.2, respectively, without the consent of the Registered Holders. 

9.9 Severability . 
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable. 

[ Signature
Page Follows ] 

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 /s/ Hans Thomas 

Name: 
 Hans Thomas 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY , as Warrant Agent 

By: 
 /s/ Henry Forrell 

Name: 
 Henry Forrell 

Title: 
 Vice President 

17 

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Warrant Certificate 

[FACE] 

Number 

Warrants 

THIS WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED
PRIOR TO 

THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR 

IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Incorporated Under the Laws of the Cayman Islands 

CUSIP [___] 

Warrant Certificate 

This Warrant Certificate
certifies that ________________ , or registered assigns, is the registered holder of warrant(s) evidenced hereby (the Warrants 
and each, a Warrant to purchase Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share Class
A Ordinary Shares ), of 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ).
Each whole Warrant entitles the holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive
from the Company that number of fully paid and non-assessable Class A Ordinary Shares as set forth below, at the exercise price (the Warrant
Price as determined pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through cashless exercise 
as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) of the United States of America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the
Warrant Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant
Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant
Agreement. 

Each whole Warrant is initially
exercisable for one fully paid and non-assessable Class A Ordinary Share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of any Warrant.
If, upon the exercise of Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a Class A Ordinary Share, the Company
will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to the Warrant holder.
The number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events
set forth in the Warrant Agreement. 

The initial Warrant Price
per Class A Ordinary Share for any Warrant is equal to 11.50 per share. The Warrant Price is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence
of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement. 

Subject to the conditions
set forth in the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not exercised by the
end of such Exercise Period, such Warrants shall become void. The Warrants may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, as set forth
in the Warrant Agreement. 

Reference is hereby made to
the further provisions of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions shall for all purposes
have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

This Warrant Certificate shall
not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement. 

This Warrant Certificate shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER TRUST COMPANY, 

as Warrant Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Warrant
Agreement] 

[Form of Warrant Certificate] 

[Reverse] 

The Warrants evidenced by
this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive Class A Ordinary
Shares and are issued or to be issued pursuant to a Warrant Agreement dated as of _______________, 2021 (the Warrant Agreement ),
duly executed and delivered by the Company to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, a New York corporation, as warrant agent
(the Warrant Agent ), which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and made a part of this
instrument and is hereby referred to for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder
of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the words holders or holder 
meaning the Registered Holders or Registered Holder, respectively) of the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be obtained by
the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement. 

Warrants may be exercised
at any time during the Exercise Period set forth in the Warrant Agreement. The holder of Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate
may exercise them by surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of election to purchase set forth hereon properly completed
and executed, together with payment of the Warrant Price as specified in the Warrant Agreement (or through cashless exercise 
as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent. In the event that upon any exercise
of Warrants evidenced hereby the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants evidenced hereby, there
shall be issued to the holder hereof or his, her or its assignee, a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised. 

Notwithstanding anything else
in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a registration statement
covering the Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act and (ii) a prospectus thereunder
relating to the Class A Ordinary Shares is current, except through cashless exercise as provided for in the Warrant Agreement.
In addition, and notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant Agreement, to the extent that the holder of
a Warrant has delivered a notice contemplated by subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement, neither the Company nor the Warrant
Agent shall issue to Holder, and Holder may not acquire, any right it might have to acquire, a number of Ordinary Shares upon exercise
of any Warrant to the extent that, upon such exercise, the number of Ordinary Shares then beneficially owned by Holder would exceed the
Maximum Percentage of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection
3.3.5. of the Warrant Agreement. 

The Warrant Agreement provides
that upon the occurrence of certain events the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants set forth on the
face hereof may, subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a Class A Ordinary Share, the Company shall, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Class A
Ordinary Shares to be issued to the holder of the Warrant. 

Warrant Certificates, when
surrendered at the principal corporate trust office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or by legal representative
or attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement,
but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate
a like number of Warrants. 

Upon due presentation for
registration of transfer of this Warrant Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates
of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant
Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge
imposed in connection therewith. 

The Company and the Warrant
Agent may deem and treat the Registered Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate (notwithstanding any notation
of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the holder(s) hereof,
and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the
Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights of a shareholder of the Company. 

2 

Election to Purchase 

(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant) 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably
elects to exercise the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive _____ Class A Ordinary Shares and herewith tenders payment
for such Class A Ordinary Shares to the order of 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II (the Company in
the amount of _____________ in accordance with the terms hereof. The undersigned requests that a certificate for such Class A Ordinary
Shares be registered in the name of _____________, whose address is and that such Class A Ordinary Shares be delivered to ______________
whose address is _______________. If said number of Class A Ordinary Shares is less than all of the Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable
hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such Class A Ordinary Shares
be registered in the name of ___________________, whose address is _______________ and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to _______________,
whose address is _______________. 

In the event that the Warrant
has been called for redemption by the Company pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Warrant Agreement and the Company has required cashless
exercise pursuant to Section 6.3 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Class A Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable
for shall be determined in accordance with subsection 3.3.1(b) and Section 6.3 of the Warrant Agreement. 

In the event that the Warrant
is to be exercised on a cashless basis pursuant to Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of Class
A Ordinary Shares that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.4 of the Warrant Agreement. 

In the event that the Warrant
may be exercised, to the extent allowed by the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of Class A Ordinary Shares
that this Warrant is exercisable for would be determined in accordance with the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows
for such cashless exercise and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
the right, represented by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive Class
A Ordinary Shares. If said number of Class A Ordinary Shares is less than all of the Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable hereunder (after
giving effect to the cashless exercise), the undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of
such Class A Ordinary Shares be registered in the name of ________________, whose address is________________ and that such Warrant Certificate
be delivered to ________________, whose address is ________________. 

By signing this Election to
Purchase, the undersigned hereby certifies that such election will not result in the undersigned beneficially owning Ordinary Shares in
excess of the 4.9 Cap outlined in Section 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement. 

[To be included in any Election
to Purchase of a holder who has provided the notice set forth in subsection 3.3.5 of the Warrant Agreement. 

By signing this Election to
Purchase, the undersigned hereby certifies that upon after giving effect to such exercise, the undersigned (together with such person s
affiliates) or any group of which holder or its affiliates is a member, would not beneficially own in excess of the Maximum
Percentage of the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise as determined in accordance with subsection
3.3.5 . of the Warrant Agreement.] 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

3 

Date: ____________, 20___ 

Signature 

(Address) 

(Tax Identification Number) 

Signature Guaranteed: 

THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE
GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE)). 

4 

EXHI BIT
B 

SPONSOR
PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS LEG END 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, SUBJECT TO ANY ADDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFER DESCRIBED IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT
BY AND AMONG 10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II (THE COMPANY ), 10X CAPITAL SPAC SPONSOR II LLC AND THE OTHER PARTIES
THERETO, THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER
THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMPANY COMPLETES ITS INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT REFERRED
TO HEREIN) EXCEPT TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT) WHO AGREES IN WRITING WITH THE COMPANY
TO BE SUBJECT TO SUCH TRANSFER PROVISIONS. 

SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND CLASS
A ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF SUCH SECURITIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS UNDER A REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO BE EXECUTED BY THE COMPANY. 

EXHI BIT
C 

UNDERWRITER PRIVATE PLACEMENT WARRANTS LEG END 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND
NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT PURSUANT TO
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND
SUCH LAWS WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THIS CORPORATION, IS AVAILABLE. 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
ARE SUBJECT TO LOCKUP PURSUANT TO A PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT AMONG 10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II AND CANTOR
FITZGERALD CO. AND MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED DURING THE TERM OF THE LOCKUP PURSUANT TO
THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-5_10xcapital2.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

As of December 31, 2022, 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp.
II we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) units, each
consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant Units ), (ii) Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share Class A ordinary shares ), and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for
one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 Public Warrants ). In addition, this Description of Securities
also references the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares or
 Founder Shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class
A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is included to assist in the description of the Class A ordinary shares.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our Sponsor are to 10X Capital SPAC Sponsor II LLC, references to our
 Anchor Investors are to certain qualified institutional buyers who agreed to purchase a specified number of Units in our
initial public offering Public Offering and references to our Initial Shareholders are to holders of our
Founder Shares prior to the Public Offering. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed
by our second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (our Charter ), the Companies Act (as amended)
of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our Charter, we are authorized
to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, and
1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. Because the below is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that
is important to you. 

Units 

Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one
Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement that governs the Public Warrants (the warrant
agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of the Company s Class A ordinary shares.
This means only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

Holders have the option to continue to hold Units or separate their
Units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the Units
into Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants. Additionally, the Units will automatically separate into their component parts and will
not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the
Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. 

Private
Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the consummation of our Public
Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 655,000 units (the Private Placement Units to our Sponsor
and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit. The Private Placement Units (and
the securities underlying the Private Placement Units) are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). The Private Placement Units (including the private placement warrants or private placement shares issuable upon exercise
of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination
(except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our Sponsor). Otherwise,
the Private Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Units (including
the underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights and, if held by the original holder or their permitted assigns, the
underlying private placement warrants (i) may be exercised on a cashless basis, (ii) are not subject to redemption and (iii) with respect
to such private placement warrants held by Cantor, will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in our
Public Offering. 

We have until May 13, 2023, or such later time as
our shareholders may approve in accordance with our Charter, to consummate an initial business combination (the Combination Period ).
If we do not consummate an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Units held in the trust account established at the consummation of our Public Offering (the Trust Account will be used
to fund the redemption of our Class A ordinary shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Units
(and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. Further, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we
will complete such business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote
thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our Sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Furthermore,
the Anchor Investors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of
record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class,
except as required by law and unless specified in our Charter, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable
stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter
voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of the ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our Charter; such actions include amending
our Charter and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors (the Board is
divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed
in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than
50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. However, only holders of Class B ordinary
shares will have the right to appoint directors in any election held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any directors until after the completion
of our initial business combination. In addition, in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which
requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares), holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have ten
votes for every one Class B ordinary share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every one Class A ordinary
share. The provisions of our Charter governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only
be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting. The provisions
of our Charter governing the continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination may only
be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting
which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our shareholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class
A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be
required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote
on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the corporate governance requirements of The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings
or elect directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions paid
to the underwriters. Our Initial Shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Class A ordinary shares they hold in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. The Anchor Investors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to
any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

2 

Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold shareholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of Class
A ordinary shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and
we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our Charter, conduct the redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the
SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our Charter requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the
same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s
proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer
to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we
seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of ordinary shares who attend and vote in person
or by proxy at a general meeting of the Company. However, the participation of our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their
respective affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even
if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes
of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once
a quorum is obtained. Our Charter requires that at least five days clear notice will be given of any general meeting. These quorum
and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our Initial Shareholders and the Anchor Investors, may make it more likely that we
will consummate our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Charter
provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Class A ordinary shares sold in our Public Offering, which we refer to
as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to
vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders
could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, such
shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares, would be required to sell
their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business
combination, our Initial Shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares they
hold, and the Anchor Investors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally,
each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Class A ordinary shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant to our Charter, if we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within the Combination Period, we will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Class A ordinary shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable,
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our
Initial Shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the Combination Period. However, if our Initial Shareholders, our management team or the Anchor Investors acquire Class A ordinary shares,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Class A ordinary shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

3 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company
after a business combination, our public shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our public shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions
applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary
shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary
shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The Founder Shar es
are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the
Units sold in our Public Offering, and holders of Founder Shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: 

prior
 to our initial business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares have the right to
 vote on the appointment of directors; 

the
 Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail
 below; 

our
 Initial Shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us,
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to
 any Founder Shares, private placement shares and Class A ordinary shares held by them, as
 applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their
 redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, private placement shares and Class
 A ordinary shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
 to our Charter (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
 holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
 with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if
 we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, or (B)
 with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) their rights to
 liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares or private
 placement shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
 the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
 the Trust Account with respect to any Class A ordinary shares they hold if we fail to complete
 our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); 

the
 Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our
 initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain
 anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and 

the
 Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights. 

If we submit
our initi al business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our Initial Shareholders, directors and officers have
agreed to vote their Founder Shares, private placement shares and any Class A ordinary shares purchased during or after our Public Offering
in favor of our initial business combination. 

4 

The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 
of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding the private placement shares underlying the Private
Placement Units) upon completion of our Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed
issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business
combination and any Private Placement Units, private placement shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon
conversion or exercise thereof issued to our Sponsor, directors or officers, or any of their respective affiliates, upon conversion of
working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a ratio of less than one-to-one. 

With certain limited exceptions, our Sponsor, directors and officers
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of
our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business
combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property
and (ii) any of their Private Placement Units, including any of their private placement shares or private placement warrants underlying
the Private Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise of the private placement warrants, until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and
other agreements of our Sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Placement Units, including the
private placement shares and private placement warrants underlying the Private Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares issued
upon conversion or exercise of the private placement warrants. Such transfer restrictions are referred to herein as the lock-up. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 

Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only
holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares will
not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may vote to remove a member of the Board for any reason. These provisions of
our Charter may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least 90 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business
combination, except as required by law and except in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (w hich
requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares where holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have
ten votes for every Class B ordinary share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share),
holders of our Founder Shares and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling
the holder thereof to one vote. 

Register
of Members 

Under the
Companies Act, we must keep a register of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members of the Company and a statement of the shares held by each
 member, which: 

distinguishes
 each share by its number (so long as the share has a number); 

confirms
 the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member; 

5 

confirms
 the number and category of shares held by each member; and 

confirms
 whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights, and if so,
 whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

For these
purposes, voting rights means rights conferred on shareholders, including the right to appoint or remove directors, in
respect of their shares to vote at general meetings of the Company on all or substantially all matters. A voting right is conditional
where the voting right arises only in certain circumstances. 

Under the
Companies Act, the register of members of our Company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members
will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of
members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of
members. 

Upon the closing of our Public Offering, the register of members was
updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members was updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members
were deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application
may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further,
the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers
that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register
of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman
Islands court. 

Preference Shares 

Our Charter authorizes 1,000,000 preference
shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board is authorized to fix the voting
rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board is able to, without shareholder approval, issue
preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary
shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have
the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of our founding team. We had no preference shares
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you
that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in the Public Offering. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available
(or we permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement)
and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence
of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of Class A
ordinary shares. This means only a whole Public Warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder and only whole Public Warrants
trade on Nasdaq. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New
York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

6 

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant
to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under
the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating
thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be
exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a Public Warrant, unless the Class A ordinary
share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state
of residence of the registered holder of the Public Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences
are not satisfied with respect to a Public Warrant, the holder of such Public Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Public Warrant
and such Public Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Public Warrant.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised Public Warrants, the purchaser of a Unit containing such
Public Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such Unit. 

We have registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the Public Warrants because the Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
However, because the Public Warrants will be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our
initial business combination, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation
of our initial business combination under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event
later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to
file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement filed in connection with our Public Offering or a new registration
statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants,
and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our
initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
Public Warrants until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective by the 60 th 
day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on
a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above,
if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our
option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) o f the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we
will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Public Warrants for cash. 

Once the
Public Warrants become exercisable, we may call the Public Warrants for redemption for cash: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per
 share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like and for certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked
 securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
 combination) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business
 days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

7 

If and when
the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the und erlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed
above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the
foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the Public Warrants, each Public Warrant holder will be entitled
to exercise his, her or its Public Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares
may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like and for certain issuances of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption procedures and cashless exercise . 

If we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above under
 Redemption of Public Warrants for cash , our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to
exercise his, her or its Public Warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise
their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number
of Public Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon the exercise of our Public Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of Public Warrants
would pay the exercise price by surrendering their Public Warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair
market value (as defined below) of our Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the Public Warrants by (y) the fair market value.
The fair market value will mean the average closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. If our management
takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary
shares to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise
in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe
this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the Public Warrants after our initial business
combination. 

A holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event
it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such Public Warrant, to the extent that
after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by
a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each Public
Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary
shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed
a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually
sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or
exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering
and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class
A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the
volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10-trading day period ending on the trading day prior
to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without
the right to receive such rights. 

8 

In addition, if we, at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding
and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on
account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the Public Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described
above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a proposed initial business combination, or (d) in connection with the redemption of our Class A ordinary shares upon our failure
to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective
date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary
share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by
a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the
effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the
exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant
exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the
number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price
or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our Board and, in the case of any such issuance to our Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into
account any Founder Shares held by our Initial Shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly
Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading day period
starting on the trading day after the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described under Redemption
of Public Warrants for cash will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in
the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the
continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares),
or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially
as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase
and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Public Warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares
immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A
ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation,
or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had
exercised their Public Warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class
A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading
on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted
immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the Public Warrant within 30 days following
public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes
Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the Public Warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide
additional value to holders of the Public Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the Public Warrants
pursuant to which the holders of the Public Warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Public Warrants. 

9 

The Public Warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant
agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental ), as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding Public Warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of Public Warrants we may issue in connection
with our initial business combination, or post-Public Offering Public Warrants, at least 50 of the then outstanding post-Public Offering
Public Warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement filed in
connection with our Public Offering, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the Public Warrants. 

The Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant
certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the
warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if
applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of Public Warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares or any voting rights until they exercise their Public Warrants and
receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will
be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants.
If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise,
round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding
or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities
Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America
are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Units). The private placement warrants have terms and provisions that
are identical to those of the Public Warrants sold as part of the Units in our Public Offering. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date
and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future
will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion
of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our
Board at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we
may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our
warrants is Continental. We have agreed to indemnify Continental in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each
of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person
or entity. Continental has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or
to any monies in, the Trust Account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in,
the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied,
or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the Trust Account and not against the any monies
in the Trust Account or interest earned thereon. 

10 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies
Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments and differs from laws applicable to United States
corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies
Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances,
the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company
and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies,
the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan
or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66 2/3 in value of
the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may
be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a
parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary
company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court
waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes
certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure
is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a
declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that
the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the
jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents
have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order
made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator
or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property
or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction
whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company,
the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry,
they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts
as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company;
(ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company
(a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been
approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign
company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or
consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and
(iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

11 

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides
for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation
if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection
to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the
shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days
following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice
to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the
constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand
for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in
paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the
constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase
his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days
following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the
shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the
company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such
petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value
of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value
of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination
of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters
holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation
system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national
securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that
facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited
for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme
of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement
(the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger
in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors
with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholder s
or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary
general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned
by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the
transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond
 the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented
 at the general meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would
 reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly
 be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme
of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal
rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily
be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four
months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms
of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence
of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

12 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an
operating business. 

Shareholders 
Suits. Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought
in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed
the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us,
and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman
Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in
the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly
 authorized by more than the number of votes that have actually been obtained; or 

those
 who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the
individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different
body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies
may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman
Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of
the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and
(2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature.
In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the
courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without
retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation
to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman
Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty,
inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner,
and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive
or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act
distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts
business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company
are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an
 annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members
 is not open to inspection; 

13 

an exempted company does not have to hold an
 annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no
 par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking
 against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation
 in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited
 duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated
 portfolio company. 

Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares
of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal
or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Our Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association 

The Business Combination Article of our Charter contains provisions
designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our Public Offering that will apply to us until the completion of our
initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution
is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold
specified in a company s articles of association) of a compa ny s
shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been
given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s
shareholders. Our Charter provides that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders
(i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our Initial
Shareholders may participate in any vote to amend our Charter and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically,
our Charter provides, among other things, that: 

If
 we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period,
 we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
 reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Class A ordinary
 shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which
 interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares, which redemption
 will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the
 right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
 possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
 and our Board, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our
 obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases
 subject to the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle
 the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on our initial
 business combination; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
 with our Sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing
 so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the
 Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business
 combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

14 

If
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not
 decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem
 our Class A ordinary shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E
 of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
 our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other
 information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
 under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

We
 must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of
 at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting
 commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
 agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our Charter to modify the substance or timing of
 our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
 to redeem 100 of our Class A ordinary shares if we do not complete our initial business
 combination by May 13, 2023, or with respect to any other material provisions relating to
 shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide
 our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A
 ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
 amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be
 net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Class A ordinary shares,
 subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or
 a similar company with nominal operations. 

Our Charter
provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive
jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our Charter or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s
shareholding in us, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting
a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer or other employee to us
or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or our Charter, or (iv)
any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the
United States of America) and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands
over all such claims or disputes. Our Charter also provides that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have,
each of our shareholders acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts
of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly, we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies
of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the
Cayman Islands as an exclusive forum. The forum selection provision in our Charter will not apply to actions or suits brought to enforce
any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States
of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States of America, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim. 

In addition, our Charter provides that under no circumstances will
we redeem our Class A ordinary shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such
redemptions. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
in connection with our initial business combination including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may
enter into following consummation of our Public Offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association
may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman
Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association
provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business
plan which are contained in our Charter, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor
our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. 

15 

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands 

If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has
reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money-laundering or is involved with
terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course
of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge
or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of
the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable
or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands,
if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach
of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Cayman Islands Data Protection 

We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of
the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy . 

Privacy Notice 

Introduction 

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your
investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of
the DPA personal data ). 

In the following discussion, the Company refers to us
and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor Data 

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to
the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business.
We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities on an ongoing
basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with
the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect
against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal
data. 

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data
controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in
the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal
information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. 

We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal
data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder
as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place
of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of
funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who this Affects 

If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you
are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides
us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant
for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

16 

How the C ompany
May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The Company,
as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

where
 this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

where
 this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject
 (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

where
 this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not
 overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should we
wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will
contact you. 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal
data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary
Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services
to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the
European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. 

The Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates
and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA. 

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply
appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing
of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 

We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably
likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data
relates. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Charter 

Our Charter provides that our Board will be classified into three classes
of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our Board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest
at two or more annual meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future
issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise
additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary
shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 5,297,030
Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. These shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the
Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under
the Securities Act. All of the outstanding Founder Shares (6,666,667 Founder Shares) and all of the outstanding private placement shares
(655,000 shares) will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public
offering. 

17 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is
not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are
subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports
under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding
the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares
or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale,
would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled
to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 
 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which equals 119,637 as of December
 31, 2022; or 

the
 average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four
 calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability
of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell
Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities
initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies)
or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
 of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed,
 as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was
 required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information
 with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our Initial Shareholders will be able to sell their Founder Shares and Private Placement Units, as applicable, pursuant 
to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the (i) Founder Shares, which
were originally issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our Public Offering, (ii) Private Placement Units, which were issued
in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our Public Offering, the private placement shares and private placement warrants
underlying the Private Placement Units, and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private placement warrants and (iii) Private Placement
Units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of
our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement, dated August 10, 2021 by and among the Company, the Sponsor,
Cantor, the Anchor Investors and the holders signatory thereto (the registration rights agreement ). Pursuant to the registration
rights agreement, assuming that 1,500,000 of working capital loans are converted into Private Placement Units and assuming that all Founder
Shares convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, we will be obligated to register up to 7,690,000 Class A ordinary
shares and 218,333 warrants. The number of Class A ordinary shares includes (i) 6,666,667 Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon conversion
of the Founder Shares, (ii) 655,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Units, (iii) 218,333 Class A ordinary shares
underlying the private placement warrants and (iv) 150,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Units issued upon
conversion of working capital loans. The number of warrants includes 218,333 private placement warrants and 50,000 private placement warrants
issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with
respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Cantor may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, after
the effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with our Public Offering and may not exercise its demand rights on
more than one occasion. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants are listed on
the Nasdaq under the symbols VCXAU, VCXA and VCXAW, respectively. 

18 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.15>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-15_10xcapital2.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 14, 2022, ISSUED BY THE COMPANY TO THE SPONSOR

Exhibit 10.15 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE
HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION
IS NOT REQUIRED. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED
PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 800,000 
 Dated as of November 14, 2022 

WHEREAS, on November
14, 2022, 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company Maker ), issued that certain
Promissory Note (the Original Note to 10X Capital SPAC Sponsor II LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company,
or its registered assigns or successors in interest Payee ); and 

WHEREAS, Maker and
Payee desire to amend and restate in its entirety the Original Note on the terms and conditions provided in this Note. 

NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the existence and sufficiency of which
is expressly recognized by each of the parties hereto, the parties agree as follows: 

Maker promises to
pay to the order of Payee, or order, the principal sum of Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars 800,000) or such lesser amount as shall have
been advanced to Payee to Maker and shall remain unpaid under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in lawful money of the
United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer
of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by Maker to such account as Payee may from time to time designate by written
notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Principal. 
The entire unpaid principal balance of this Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which Maker consummates its Business
Combination (as defined below) or (ii) the day prior to the date the Maker elects to liquidate and dissolve in accordance with the provisions
of its Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as may be amended from time to time (such earlier date, the
 Maturity Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including
but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities
of Maker hereunder. 

2. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request, from time to time, up to Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars 800,000) in drawdowns
under this Note to be used for costs and expenses related to Maker s diligence and completion of its initial business combination
(the Business Combination ). Principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date
upon written request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount
to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than One Thousand Dollars 1,000). Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than
three (3) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns outstanding under
this Note at any time may not exceed Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars 800,000). No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee
in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. 

3. Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

4. Application
of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this
Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally
to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events
of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an
involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

6.
 Optional Conversion. 

(a) Optional
Conversion . At the option of Payee, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date, any amounts outstanding under this Note (or
any portion thereof), up to 1,500,000 in the aggregate, may be converted into up to an additional 150,000 private placement-equivalent
units of Maker at a price of 10.00 per unit (the Working Capital Units ), each consisting of one Class A ordinary
share, par value 0.0001 per share, of Maker (the Ordinary Shares and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Working
Capital Warrants ). If Payee elects such conversion, the terms of such Working Capital Units issued in connection with such
conversion shall be identical to the units issued to Payee in the private placement that closed on January 11, 2022 (the Private
Placement Units in connection with Maker s initial public offering (the IPO ), with each Private
Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share and one-third of one redeemable warrant (the Private Placement Warrants ).
Each Working Capital Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to the
same adjustments applicable to the Private Placement Warrants. Before this Note, or any portion thereof, may be converted pursuant to
this Section 6(a), Payee shall surrender this Note, duly endorsed, at the office of Maker and shall state therein the amount of the
unpaid principal of this Note to be converted and the name or names in which the certificates for Working Capital Units are to be issued
(or the book-entries to be made to reflect ownership of such Working Capital Units with Maker s transfer agent). The conversion
shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close of business on the date of the surrender of this Note and the person
or persons entitled to receive the Working Capital Units upon such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or
holders of such Working Capital Units (and the underlying Ordinary Shares and Working Capital Warrants) as of such date. Each such newly
issued Working Capital Unit shall include a restricted legend that contemplates the same restrictions as the Private Placement Units.
The Working Capital Warrants, Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Working Capital Warrants and Ordinary Shares issuable upon
exercise of the Working Capital Units shall constitute Registrable Securities pursuant to that certain Registration Rights
Agreement, dated August 10, 2021, by and among Maker, Payee and the holders signatory thereto. 

2 

(b) Remaining
Principal . All accrued and unpaid principal of this Note that is not then converted into Working Capital Units shall continue to remain
outstanding and be subject to the conditions of this Note. 

(c) Fractional
Warrants; Effect of Conversion . No fractional Working Capital Warrants shall be issued upon conversion of this Note. In lieu of any
fractional Working Capital Warrants to Payee upon conversion of this Note, Maker shall pay to Payee an amount equal to the product obtained
by multiplying the Conversion Price by the fraction of a Working Capital Warrant not issued pursuant to the previous sentence. Upon conversion
of this Note in full and the payment of any amounts specified in this Section 6(c), this Note shall be cancelled and void without further
action of Maker or Payee, and Maker shall be forever released from all its obligations and liabilities under this Note. 

7.
 Remedies. 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be
due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums
payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part
of Payee. 

8. Waivers.
 Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor,
protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under
the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real
or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or
providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate
that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon
any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

9. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall
not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee,
and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment
or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without
notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

10. Notices.
 All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be: (i) in writing and delivered
personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the
address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number
as may be designated in writing by such party and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such
party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail. 

3 

11. Construction.
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

12. Severability. 
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

13. Trust
Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account in which the proceeds of the IPO conducted by Maker
(including the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units were deposited,
as described in greater detail in the registration statement and prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection
with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for
any reason whatsoever. 

14. Amendment;
Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of Maker and Payee . 

15. Assignment. 
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void. 

16. Transfer
of this Note or Securities Issuable on Conversion. With respect to any sale or other disposition of this Note or securities into
which this Note may be converted, Payee shall give written notice to Maker prior thereto, describing briefly the manner thereof, together
with (i) except for a Permitted Transfer, in which case the requirements in this clause (i) shall not apply, a written opinion reasonably
satisfactory to Maker in form and substance from counsel reasonably satisfactory to Maker to the effect that such sale or other distribution
may be effected without registration or qualification under any federal or state law then in effect and (ii) a written undertaking executed
by the desired transferee reasonably satisfactory to Maker in form and substance agreeing to be bound by the restrictions on transfer
contained herein. Upon receiving such written notice, reasonably satisfactory opinion, or other evidence, and such written acknowledgement,
Maker, as promptly as practicable, shall notify Payee that Payee may sell or otherwise dispose of this Note or such securities, all in
accordance with the terms of the note delivered to Maker. If a determination has been made pursuant to this Section 16 that the opinion
of counsel for Payee, or other evidence, or the written acknowledgment from the desired transferee, is not reasonably satisfactory to
Maker, Maker shall so notify Payee promptly after such determination has been made. Each Note thus transferred shall bear a legend as
to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act, unless in the opinion of counsel
for Maker such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act. Maker may issue stop transfer instructions
to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. Subject to the foregoing, transfers of this Note shall be registered upon
registration on the books maintained for such purpose by or on behalf of Maker. Prior to presentation of this Note for registration of
transfer, Maker shall treat the registered holder hereof as the owner and holder of this Note for the purpose of receiving all payments
of principal hereon and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Note shall be overdue and Maker shall not be affected by
notice to the contrary. For purposes hereof Permitted Transfer shall have the same meaning as any transfer that would be
permitted for the Private Placement Units under the Letter Agreement, dated August 10, 2021, among Maker, Payee and the other parties
thereto. 

[ Signature pages follow ] 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending
to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

10X CAPITAL VENTURE ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 /s/ Hans Thomas 

Name: 
 Hans Thomas 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

[ Signature Page to Promissory Note ] 

Acknowledged and agreed as of the date first above
written. 

10X Capital SPAC Sponsor II LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Hans Thomas 

Name: 
 Hans Thomas 

Title: 
 Manager 

[ Signature Page to Promissory Note ] 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_10xcapital2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

I, Hans Thomas, certify that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 10X Capital
Venture Acquisition Corp. II (the registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Hans Thomas 

Hans Thomas 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_10xcapital2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Guhan Kandasamy, certify
that: 

(1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of 10X Capital
Venture Acquisition Corp. II (the registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Guhan Kandasamy 

Guhan Kandasamy 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_10xcapital2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Hans Thomas, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period
covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Hans Thomas 

Hans Thomas 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_10xcapital2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Guhan Kandasamy, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period
covered by the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Guhan Kandasamy 

Guhan Kandasamy 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 vcxa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 vcxa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 vcxa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 vcxa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 vcxa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

