<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230411_10-K_edgar_data_1707910_0001213900-23-028895.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4745485</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290177</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>975144</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1072428</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1171048</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1093810</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028895.hdr.sgml : 20230411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230411172530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028895
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Reborn Coffee, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001707910
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				474752305
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41479
		FILM NUMBER:		23814160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		580 N. BERRY STREET
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-784-6369

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		580 N. BERRY STREET
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAPAX INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170530

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028895.txt : 20230411

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_reborncoffee.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to ______ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sales price on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

As of April 11, 2023, there were shares of common stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 32 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 39 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 40 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 40 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 50 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 51 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 52 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 53 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act that are based on our
management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and which statements involve substantial
risk and uncertainties. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including
statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, market growth and trends,
and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or
our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words
such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, 
 could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of these words or
other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. 

These risks and uncertainties
include, among other things, risks related to: 

the
 COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, operations, and the markets and communities
 in which we and our customers operate; 

our
 inability to successfully identify and secure appropriate sites and timely develop and expand
 our operations; 

our
 inability to protect our brand and reputation; 

our
 dependence on a small number of suppliers; 

our
 inability to protect against security breaches of confidential customer information; 

our
 expectations regarding our future operating and financial performance; 

the
 size of our addressable markets, market share, and market trends; 

our
 ability to compete in our industry; 

changes
 in consumer tastes and nutritional and dietary trends; 

our
 ability to effectively manage the continued growth of our workforce and operations; 

our
 inability to open profitable locations; 

our
 failure to generate projected same location sales growth; 

the
 sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 

our
 dependence on long-term non-cancelable leases; 

our
 relationship with our employees and the status of our workers; 

our
 inability to maintain good relationships with our future franchising partners; 

the
 effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations; 

our
 vulnerability to global financial market conditions, including the continuing effects from
 the recent recession; 

our
 ability to attract, retain, and motivate skilled personnel, including key members of our
 senior management; 

our
 vulnerability to adverse weather conditions in local or regional areas where our locations
 are located; 

the
 increased expenses associated with being a public company; and 

the
 other factors set forth under Risk Factors in this report. 

You should not rely upon
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is
subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 

ii 

Summary Risk Factors 

Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk because our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as further described below. The occurrence of any
such risks could adversely affect our business, financial condit ion, results
of operations and prospects. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our common stock speculative or risky include,
among others: 

We
 have incurred recurring losses and may not be profitable in the future. 

The
 report of the independent registered public accounting firm includes a going concern uncertainty
 explanatory paragraph. 

Evolving consumer preferences and tastes may adversely affect
our business. 

Our financial condition and quarterly results of operations
are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of factors, many of which are also largely outside our control and as such
our results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. 

We may not be able to compete successfully with other coffee
locations, QSRs and convenience locations, including the growing number of coffee delivery options. Intense competition in the foodservice
and restaurant industry could make it more difficult to expand our business and could also have a negative impact on our operating results
if customers favor our competitors or we are forced to change our pricing and other marketing strategies. 

Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our
business and operating results. 

Our inability to identify, recruit and retain qualified individuals
for our locations could slow our growth and adversely impact our ability to operate. 

Our locations are geographically concentrated in California,
and we could be negatively affected by conditions specific to that region. 

Interruption of our supply chain of coffee or other ingredients,
coffee machines and other restaurant equipment or packaging could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively
impact our business and profitability. 

Increases in the cost of high-quality coffee beans or other
commodities or decreases in the availability of high-quality coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our business
and financial results. 

We are increasingly dependent on information technology and
our ability to process data in order to operate and sell our goods and services, and if we (or our vendors) are unable to protect against
software and hardware vulnerabilities, service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks, ransomware or security breaches,
or if we fail to comply with our commitments and assurances regarding the privacy and security of such data, our operations could be
disrupted, our ability to provide our goods and services could be interrupted, our reputation may be harmed and we may be exposed to
liability and loss of customers and business. 

Pandemics or disease outbreaks such as COVID-19 have had, and
may continue to have, an effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands
and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. 

Food safety and quality concerns may negatively impact our brand,
business and profitability, our internal operational controls and standards may not always be met and our employees may not always act
professionally, responsibly and in our and our customers best interests. Any possible instances or reports, whether true or not,
of food and/or beverage-borne illness could reduce our sales. 

Changes in the availability of and the cost of labor could harm
our business. 

Our culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot
maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the high employee engagement fostered by our culture, which could harm our business. 

Our growth strategy depends in part on opening new retail locations
in existing and new markets. We may be unsuccessful in opening new retail locations or establishing new markets, which could adversely
affect our growth. 

Our operating results and growth strategies will be closely
tied to the success of our future franchise partners and we have limited control with respect to their operations. Additionally, our
future franchise partners interests may conflict or diverge with our interests in the future, which could have a negative impact
on our business. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate History and Background 

Reborn Coffee, Inc. Reborn was incorporated in the State of Florida in January 2018. In July 2022, Reborn was migrated from Florida to Delaware, and filed a certificate
of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware having the same capitalization structure as the Florida predecessor
entity. Reborn has the following wholly owned subsidiaries: 

Reborn
 Global Holdings, Inc. Reborn Holdings ), a California Corporation
 incorporated in November 2014. Reborn Holdings is engaged in the operation of wholesale distribution
 and retail coffee stores in California to sell a variety of coffee, tea, Reborn brand name
 water and other beverages along with bakery and dessert products. 

Reborn
 Coffee Franchise, LLC (the Reborn Coffee Franchise ), a California
 limited liability corporation formed in December 2020, is a franchisor providing premier
 roaster specialty coffee to franchisees or customers. Reborn Coffee Franchise continues to
 develop the Reborn Coffee system for the establishment and operation of Reborn Coffee stores
 using one or more Reborn Coffee marks. Reborn Coffee Franchise does not have any franchisee
 as of December 31, 2022. 

Reborn Coffee, Inc., Reborn
Global Holdings, Inc., and Reborn Coffee Franchise, LLC will be collectively referred as the Company . 

In August 2022, the Company
consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 1,440,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering
price of 5.00 per share, generating gross proceeds of 7,200,000. Net proceeds from the IPO was approximately 6.2 million
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses of approximately 998,000. 

The Company had granted
the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 216,000 additional shares (equal to 15 of the shares of common stock sold
in the offering) to cover over-allotments. In addition, the Company had agreed to issue to the representative of the several underwriters
warrants to purchase the number of shares of common stock in the aggregate equal to five percent (5 of the shares of common stock to
be issued and sold in the IPO. The warrants are exercisable for a price per share equal to 125 of the public offering price. No over-allotment
option or representative s warrants have been exercised. 

On August 12, 2022, the
Company s stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol REBN . 

Our Company 

Reborn Coffee is a high
growth operator and franchisor of retail locations and kiosks that focus on serving high quality, specialty-roasted coffee. We are an
innovative company that strives for constant improvement in the coffee experience through exploration of new technology and premier service,
guided by traditional brewing techniques. We believe Reborn differentiates itself from other coffee roasters through its innovative techniques,
including sourcing, washing, roasting, and brewing our coffee beans with a balance of precision and craft. 

The source of coffee is
pinnacle to specialty coffee. The coffee industry has gone through various phases including the first, second, third and fourth wave.
In the first and second waves of coffee, the single-origin source and type of the coffee is not necessarily in the forefront during the
sourcing process. As such, much of the coffee may be a blend with various sources and a mix of Robusta and Arabica coffee beans. The
third wave of coffee focuses on a single-origin source and one variety of coffee bean (specifically Arabica beans). Single-origin beans
can focus on specific countries and can also have hyper-focused on specific regions in the third wave of coffee, such as Coban in Guatemala.
Arabia beans are considered premier due to the specific requirements for growth and the high-quality flavor they produce. Arabica coffee
is required to be grown in higher, cooler elevations in regions. 

1 

Differentiated from other
coffee companies, the Reborn Wash Process is the key to creating the clean flavor of our coffee. Our Wash Process is distinguished by
the use of magnetized water to wash our green coffee beans when they arrive at the Reborn facility, in order to extract impurities and
enhance hydration before the roasting process. Magnetizing water is a process that converts the particles of water, which can naturally
appear in various sizes, into evenly sized particles. As a result of this process, we believe that the water increases its hydration
and ability to absorb into organic material. Our water is created through a water magnetizing device in which water is flowed through
the device and magnetizes the water on-site immediately prior to use. 

After the wash, we roast
our washed-green beans based on the profile of each single-origin. After the coffee beans are roasted, they are then packaged into various
products such as whole bean coffee, pour over packs, and cold brew packs. Additionally, whole bean inventory is also supplied to the
kiosk and cafes. A portion of the roasted coffee is also allotted to create our award-winning cold brew concentrate. Our cold brew production
is created using a proprietary percolation technique, also using magnetized water at each step to enhance the flavor of the cold brew. 

We continually innovate
in the way we serve coffee. At our cafes, we serve customers our award-winning coffee through cold brew taps in addition to freshly ground
coffee beans in espresso-made drinks. Other brew methods, such as an in-house pour over and drip coffee, are also available. 

In 2015 Jay Kim, our Chief
Executive Officer, founded Reborn Coffee. Mr. Kim and his team launched Reborn Coffee with the vision of using the finest pure ingredients
and pristine water. We serve customers through our retail store locations in Southern California: Brea, La Crescenta, Glendale, Corona
Del Mar, Arcadia, Laguna Woods, Riverside, Manhattan Village, Cabazon, San Francisco, and Irvine. 

Additionally, we expect
to continue to develop additional retail locations. We currently are developing 3 additional retail locations, Huntington Beach, Pasadena
and Irvine, and have identified additional 2 locations, Diamond Bar and Anaheim, for expansion. In 2023, we expect to open up to 10 company-operated
retail locations. As evidence of our success, we received 1st place traditional still in America s Best Cold Brew 
competition by Coffee Fest in 2017 in Portland and 2018 in Los Angeles. 

As of December 31, 2022,
all of our 11 locations were company-operated. Our retail locations, which opened through whole year of 2022, generated AUV of approximately
 376,000. 

In 2022, we generated approximately
 3.2 million of revenue, 3.6 million of net loss, a net loss margin of -109.7 , and approximately - 3.3 million of Adjusted EBITDA, a
non-GAAP financial measure, resulting in an Adjusted EBITDA margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, of -102.8 . In 2021, we generated approximately
 2.3 million of revenue, 3.4 million of net loss, a net loss margin of -150.9 , and approximately - 2.4 million of Adjusted EBITDA, a
non-GAAP financial measure, resulting in an Adjusted EBITDA margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, of -104.8 . 

A reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted
EBITDA margin is provided below: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Total net revenue, as reported 
 3,240,523 
 2,280,072 
 
 Loss from operations, as reported 
 (3,540,542 
 (2,563,677 
 
 Operating margin 
 -109.3 
 -112.4 

Net loss, as reported 
 (3,554,897 
 (3,440,401 
 
 Interest, net 
 29,195 
 16,172 
 
 Taxes 
 1,600 
 800 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 210,616 
 174,696 
 
 EBITDA 
 (3,313,486 
 (3,248,733 
 
 Other income 
 (16,440 
 (7,631 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 982,383 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 
 (115,000 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (3,329,926 
 (2,388,981 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 -102.8 
 -104.8 

2 

The Experience, Reborn 

As leading pioneers of the
emerging Fourth Wave movement, Reborn Coffee is redefining specialty coffee as an experience that demands much more than
premium quality. We consider ourselves leaders of the fourth wave coffee movement because we are constantly developing
our bean processing methods, researching design concepts, and reinventing new ways of drinking coffee. For instance, the current transition
from the K-Cup trend to the pour over drip concept allowed us to reinvent the way people consume coffee, by merging convenience and quality.
We took the pour over drip concept and made it available and affordable to the public through our Reborn Coffee Pour Over packs. Our
Pour Over Packs allow our consumers to consume our specialty coffee outdoors and on-the-go. 

Our success in innovating
within the fourth wave coffee movement is measured by our success in B2B sales with our introduction of Reborn Coffee Pour
Over Packs to hotels. With the introduction of our Pour Over Packs to major hotels (including one hotel company with 7 locations), our
B2B sales increased as these companies recognized the convenience and functionality our Pour Over Packs serve to their customers. 

Reborn Coffee s continuous
Research and Development is essential to developing new parameters in the production of new blends. Our first place position in America s
Best Cold Brew competition by Coffee Fest in 2017 in Portland and 2018 in Los Angeles is a testament to the way we believe we
lead the fourth wave movement by example. 

Centered around its core
values of service, trust, and well-being, Reborn Coffee delivers an appreciation of coffee as both a science and an art. Developing innovative
processes such as washing green coffee beans with magnetized water, we challenge traditional preparation methods by focusing on the relationship
between water chemistry, health, and flavor profile. Leading research studies, testing brewing equipment, and refining roasting/brewing
methods to a specific, Reborn Coffee proactively distinguishes exceptional quality from good quality by starting at the foundation and
paying attention to the details. Our mission places an equal emphasis on humanizing the coffee experience, delivering a fresh take on
 farm-to-table by sourcing internationally. In this way, Reborn Coffee creates opportunities to develop transparency by
paying homage to origin stories and spark new conversations by building cross-cultural communities united by a passion for the finest
coffee. 

Through a broad product
offering, Reborn Coffee provides customers with a wide variety of beverages and coffee options. As a result, we believe we can capture
share of any experience where customers seek to consume great beverages whether in our inviting store atmospheres which are designed
for comfort, or on the go through our pour over packs, or at home with our whole bean ground coffee bags. We believe that the retail
coffee market in the US is large and growing. According to IBIS, in 2023, the retail market for coffee in the United States is expected
to be 48.7 billion. This is expected to grow due to a shift in consumer preferences to premium coffee, including specialized blends,
espresso-based beverages, and cold brew options. Reborn aims to capture a growing portion of the market as we expand and increase consumer
awareness of our brand. 

Branding 

Reborn Coffee focuses on
two key features in our branding, including Introducing the Fourth Wave and America s Best Cold Brew. 
These phrases encapsulate the quality of the Reborn Process of sourcing, washing, roasting, and brewing coffee and the quality of the
product that we create. 

The Reborn brand is essential
to our marketing strategy, as it allows us to stand out compared to our competitors. The products aim to make customers feel reborn 
after drinking a cup of coffee. 

Our Menu and Products 

We purchase and roast high-quality
coffees that we sell, along with handcrafted coffee, tea and other beverages and a variety of high-quality food items. We believe in
offering customers the same great taste and quality whether served in store or on the go. We also partner with third-party importers
and exporters to purchase and import our green coffee beans. Through these relationships, we source high-quality coffee beans from across
the globe, including Mexico, Ethiopia, Colombia, Guatemala, Brazil, and Honduras. 

3 

Our Retail Locations 

Reborn Coffee is built upon
superior customer service, convenience and a modern experience as well as safe, clean and well-maintained stores that reflect the personalities
of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. Our strategy for expanding our retail business
is to increase our category share in an aggressive manner, by opening additional stores in new and existing markets, as well as increasing
sales in existing stores. Store growth in specific existing markets will vary due to many factors, including expected financial returns,
the maturity of the market, economic conditions, consumer behavior and local business practices. Our highly efficient retail locations
and kiosks place a premium on customer convenience without sacrificing the personal experience. Our new retail locations are typically
800 to 1,500 square feet and are located in shopping plazas in upscale areas. We strategically position our new locations in areas where
large-chain coffee locations have moved out, creating an opportunity for us to remodel a purpose-built coffee retail store. In this way,
we are able to open quickly in high traffic areas with established local demand for coffee, ensuring a customer base we can convert into
Reborn Coffee customers by offering a specialty coffee experience that wasn t previously available. Our locations feature patios,
contemporary design, and inviting atmospheres for socialization, study, and work. Our retail locations generated AUV of approximately
 376,000 in 2022. As we expand our retail footprint and improve customer awareness, we expect our AUV to grow. 

Franchise Operations 

In January 2021, the Company
formed Reborn Coffee Franchise LLC in the State of California in order to begin franchising Reborn Coffee retail stores and kiosks. The
Company plans to charge future franchisees a non-refundable franchise fee and certain marketing and royalty fees based on gross sales,
however we presently have no contractual commitments or other agreements to do so. We expect to begin franchise sales in 2024. We believe
that our team s prior experience building a large, global foodservice business will allow us to rapidly scale our future franchise
effort. In addition, we have formed a franchise council consisting of a team of franchise experts to advise us. We plan to expand beyond
California to additional states to create a national and global presence. 

Expanding Sales Channels 

Today, we sell a variety
of our coffee and tea products through the enterprise, or commercial, channel, which we refer to as B2B , as well as direct-to-consumer
via our website. We expect to increase our channel presence by increasing the availability of Reborn Coffee in businesses and enterprises,
and expand upon the partnerships we have in place with hotel operators to increase the use and brand awareness in hospitality. We also
expect to grow our online sales through new partnerships with third-party retailers. Our products are available in various form factors,
such as whole bean roasted coffee bags, single-serve drip bags, and pour over packs. We are exploring partnerships with grocery operators
and foodservice providers to expand the Reborn Coffee brand. 

Our Growth 

Reborn Coffee is in the
early stages of rapid growth as we strategically expand our footprint in existing markets and enter new markets. In the future, Reborn
Coffee plans to expand across the country with new retail locations to share the quality of our specialty coffee. Reborn Coffee aims
to also engage in the sales of future franchises to propel a new innovated wave in the coffee industry called The Fourth Wave. 
Reborn Coffee will continue to innovate in the coffee industry by making the industry more personal to our consumers, future franchisees,
and employees. This goal will be achieved through the continued innovation in our products, sourcing directly from farms, and giving
customers choices in how their coffee is served to them. As Reborn Coffee expands, we hope to show the world that expanding in volume
and size does not diminish the quality and personal element that is instilled in the coffee industry. 

Our brand experience has
enabled strong growth and financial performance. Revenue grew from 2.3 million in the 12 months ended December 31, 2021, to 3.2 million
in the 12 months ended December 31, 2022. We continue to accelerate the pace of new corporate-owned (i.e., directly owned
by Reborn) stores openings and intend to operate over 20 corporate-owned locations by year end 2023. 

4 

Since our founding, we have
focused on delivering: 

Quality. Reborn Coffee sources the highest quality whole beans
globally. We meet with coffee farmers, test coffee bean samples, and roast the beans in our headquarters in Southern California. 

Service.
 Reborn Coffee provides the highest quality service to our customers. We pride ourselves on
 training our baristas and improving their knowledge of the art of coffee, which in turn allows
 us to deliver outstanding products and service to our customers. 

Innovation.
 Reborn Coffee is a leader in the Fourth Wave premium coffee movement. We introduced
 our premium pour over pack coffee in 2017 and continue to innovate, recently introducing
 our unique cold brew system into our retail stores. 

Experienced Leadership
Team 

Our relentless commitment
to excellence is driven by our passionate management team under the leadership of Founder and Chief Executive Officer Jay Kim. Jay launched
Reborn Coffee with the vision to provide the best coffee using the purest ingredients. Jay is focused on the expansion of Reborn and
he has surrounded himself with leaders with direct experience in beverage and retail. Stephan Kim, our Chief Financial Officer, has almost
20 years of experience in public accounting and consulting. Other members of our executive leadership team bring high growth, franchise
and sector expertise. 

Our Commitment to Our
Team 

Reborn Coffee believes in
mentoring the developing the next generation of premium coffee baristas. Through our in-depth training, we aim to train dedicated employees
who understand the science and art behind every cup of coffee. We also expect to form a training school specializing in creating passionate
baristas and coffee connoisseurs, by educating its students about coffee processes and preparation methods. The efforts for the training
school are underway and we expect to launch the program in 2023. 

Our Highly Engaged Customers 

Reborn Coffee customers
are loyal to our brand due to our intense focus on premium coffee and customer service. Community engagement is another essential element
of Reborn Coffee s in-person marketing strategy. Reborn hosts on-site engagements, such as event sponsorships, and engages with
local Chambers of Commerce. Previously, we have worked with Lululemon to host yoga sessions outside of our retail locations, creatively
engaging the community while simultaneously promoting Reborn as an active lifestyle. We have also hosted pop-up locations on the Facebook
campus, further expanding our outreach and introducing our brand name to different communities. We further engage with the community
by organizing our own latte art competitions, in which baristas can compete for prizes and customers in the audience can witness the
competitive passion Reborn Coffee encompasses. 

Digital Channels 

Reborn Coffee focuses on
many digital channels in its marketing strategy. Social media is an important leg that creates engagement and education of Reborn Coffee s
brand. Customers primarily engage the brand on Instagram, where we host giveaways, share new store openings, and promote seasonal menus.
Through our unique, modern aesthetic and intense focus on high-quality coffee, we are able to share the quality and essence of Reborn
Coffee on display inside of our retail locations with existing and future customers on social media platforms. 

For both the in-store caf 
channel and the e-commerce channel, SMS email marketing are used for reengagement and communication of new products and offerings. 

Digital advertising channels
are also used, primarily to engage the online market audience. Google and Facebook are the primary paid ad channels that we currently
utilize. Yelp advertising is also used to engage local customers and tourists who visit specific areas where Reborn Coffee retail locations
are located. 

5 

In-Person Marketing
Engagement 

Engaging customers in-store
with a marketing plan is essential for customer retention and new customer generation. Reborn Coffee s customer loyalty program
provides free drinks for every 10 drinks purchased. Additionally, store customers may participate in promotional deals, especially during
the holidays and new item releases, to try new innovative items created in-house. We also offer coffee samples of our pour over packs
as well as new beans to our retail location customers. The distribution of coffee samples has expanded customers knowledge of
our products and, led to increased contributing to whole bean sales. 

Reborn Coffee locations
are located in heavily trafficked areas as well as popular malls. As such, the potential for marketing and branding is very high in these
locations. Signage and promotional deals with giveaways are essential to attracting new customers. 

OUR GROWTH STRATEGIES 

Corporate and Franchise
Expansion 

Reborn Coffee plans to expand
across the Unites States with company operated locations and franchise locations to share the quality of specialty coffee. Reborn Coffee
aims to accelerate our growth through our franchise program. Reborn Coffee will continue to innovate in the coffee industry by making
the industry more personal to the consumers, prospective franchisees, and employees. This goal will be achieved through the continued
innovation in our products, sourcing directly from farms, and giving customers choices in how their coffee is served to them. As Reborn
expands, we hope to show the world that expanding in volume and size does not diminish the quality and personal element that is instilled
in the coffee industry. 

We have started to scale
our logistics and supply chain to provide support for our rapid growth, including for our future franchisees. We have increased roasting
capacity and our paper goods supplies, including an emphasis on eco-friendly products. 

B2B Strategy 

Reborn Coffee products are
unique given their potential to engage with business partners for large wholesale orders. Currently, Reborn Coffee builds strong relationships
with hotel management companies within California and out-of-state. We currently work with several hotels, providing pour over packs
and cold brew packs to cater to their customer needs. Reborn Coffee plans to continue growing its B2B marketing and sales strategy through
active outreach and advertising to potential partners. We believe that access to large-scale distribution channels such as hotels increases
consumer awareness of our brand while providing us access to large enterprise customers. Gift giving comprises a large percentage of
winter B2B sales at Reborn Coffee. During the holidays, Reborn Coffee s B2B marketing strategy focuses on targeting companies,
and specific teams within companies, that are seeking to provide end of the year gifts to their clients and customers. Reborn Coffee
provides customized gift sets to each customer s needs. Word-of-mouth marketing has grown our B2B holiday gift giving accounts
greatly, forging opportunities to have worked with companies like Google to provide gift sets for their clients. Reborn Coffee plans
to expand not only by growing its retail location footprint, but also through the development of more hotel partnerships, expansion into
grocery stores and markets, expansion of our e-commerce and wholesale. 

Reborn Coffee believes the
grocery market is another major channel through which we expect to access. Through both bulk sales of roasted beans and in-store kiosks,
as well sales of pre-packaged products, Reborn Coffee will access customers who purchase both in volume and for those customers looking
for a handcrafted beverage during their in-store shopping experience. We are exploring discussions with a variety of retailers and expect
to access these additional sales channels in 2023. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive
offices are located at 580 N. Berry Street, Brea, CA 92821. Our telephone number is (714) 784-6369. Our website address is http://www.reborncoffee.com.
Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form
10-K, and you should not consider information on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

6 

Implications of Being
an Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging
growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an emerging growth company, unlike other public companies that
do not meet those qualifications, we are not required to: 

provide an auditor s
 attestation report on management s assessment of the effectiveness of our system of
 internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

provide more than
 two years of audited financial statements and related management s discussion and analysis
 of financial condition and results of operations in a registration statement on Form S-1; 

comply with any new
 requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or the PCAOB, requiring
 mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report in which the
 auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial
 statements of the issuer; 

provide
 certain disclosure regarding executive compensation required of larger public companies or
 hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation required by the Dodd-Frank Wall
 Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act; or 

obtain
 shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We will cease to be an emerging
growth company upon the earliest of: 

the
 last day of the fiscal year in which we have 1.07 billion or more in annual gross revenues; 

the
 date on which we become a large accelerated filer (which means the year-end
 at which the total market value of our common equity securities held by non-affiliates is
 700 million or more as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal
 quarter); 

the
 date on which we have issued more than 1 billion of non-convertible debt securities over
 a three-year period; and 

the
 last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), for complying with new or revised accounting standards,
but we have irrevocably opted out of the extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards
on the relevant dates in which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies. 

For more information, please
see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

You should consider carefully
the following risk factors, as well as the other information set forth in this report, including our consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto. The following discussion of risk factors includes forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ
substantially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
The disclosures of a risk should not be interpreted to imply that such risk has not already materialized. Additional risks not currently
known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you
may lose all or part of your investment. Unless otherwise indicated, references in these risk factors to our business being harmed will
include harm to our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

7 

Risks Related to Our
Business 

We have incurred recurring losses and may not be profitable in
the future. Our plans to maintain and increase liquidity may not be successful. The report of the independent registered public accounting
firm includes a going concern uncertainty explanatory paragraph. 

We have a history of operating
losses and negative cash flow in operating activities. We have incurred recurring net losses, including net losses from operations before
income taxes of 3.5 million and 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we had an accumulated deficit
of 12,031,801 at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern, and our independent
registered public accounting firm has included a going concern uncertainty explanatory paragraph in their report for 2022. Our cash needs
will depend on numerous factors, including our revenues, completion of our product development activities, customer and market acceptance
of our product, and our ability to reduce and control costs. We expect to devote substantial capital resources to, among other things,
fund operations and continue development plans. In August 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 1,440,000 shares of its common stock
at a public offering price of 5.00 per share, generating gross proceeds of 7,200,000. Net proceeds from the IPO were approximately 6.2
million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses of approximately 998,000. To support our existing
and planned business model, the Company needs to raise additional capital to fund our future operations. The Company has not experienced
any difficulty in raising funds through loans, and has not experienced any liquidity problems in settling payables in the normal course
of business and repaying loans when they fall due. Successful renewal of our loans, however, is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
In addition, the increasingly competitive industry conditions under which we operate may negatively impacted our results of operations
and cash flows. Additional debt financing is anticipated to fund the Company s operations in near future. However, there are no
current agreements or understandings with regard to the form, time or amount of such financing and there is no assurance that any of this
financing can be obtained or that the Company can continue as a going concern. 

Evolving consumer
preferences and tastes may adversely affect our business. 

Reborn Coffee s continued
success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer
spending away from Reborn Coffee s beverages, lack of customer acceptance of new products (including due to price increases necessary
to cover the costs of new beverages or higher input costs), brand perception (such as the existence or expansion of our competitors),
or customers reducing their demand for our current offerings as new beverages are introduced. In addition, most of our beverages contain
caffeine, the health effects of which are the subject of public and regulatory scrutiny, including the suggestion of linkages to a variety
of adverse health effects. There is increasing consumer awareness of health risks that are attributed to ingredients we use, particularly
in the United States, including increased blood pressure and heart rate, anxiety and insomnia, as well as increased consumer litigation
based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food and beverage products. A decrease in customer traffic as a result
of these health concerns or negative publicity could significantly reduce the demand for Reborn Coffee s specialty coffee and could
harm our business. 

Our financial condition
and annual results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of factors, many of which are also largely
outside our control and as such our results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. 

Our annual results of operations
and key metrics may vary significantly in the future as they have in the past, and period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations
and key metrics may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one annual period should not be relied upon as an indication of
future performance. Our annual results of operations and key metrics may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which
are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuations in annual
results may negatively impact the value of our securities. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our annual results of operations and
key metrics include, without limitation, those listed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and those listed below. Any one or more
of the factors listed below or described elsewhere in this section could harm our business: 

increases
 in real estate or labor costs in certain markets; 

consumer
 preferences, including those described above; 

severe
 weather or other natural or man-made disasters affecting a large market or several closely
 located markets that may temporarily but significantly affect our business in such markets; 

especially
 in our large markets, labor discord or disruption, geopolitical events, social unrest, war,
 terrorism, political instability, acts of public violence, boycotts, hostilities and social
 unrest and other health pandemics that lead to avoidance of public places or cause people
 to stay at home; and 

adverse
 outcomes of litigation. 

Our marketing programs
may not be successful, and our new menu items and advertising campaigns may not generate increased sales or profits. 

We incur costs and expend
other resources in our marketing efforts on new menu items and advertising campaigns to raise brand awareness and attract and retain
customers. These initiatives may not be successful, resulting in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenue. Additionally,
some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which enable them to spend significantly more on marketing and advertising
and other initiatives than we can. Should our competitors increase spending on marketing and advertising and other initiatives or our
marketing funds decrease for any reason, or should our advertising, promotions and new menu items be less effective than our competitors,
there could be an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

8 

We may not be able
to compete successfully with other specialty coffee locations, including the growing number of coffee delivery options. Intense competition
could make it more difficult to expand our business and could also have a negative impact on our operating results if customers favor
our competitors or we are forced to change our pricing and other marketing strategies. 

We expect competition in
our market to continue to be intense as we compete on a variety of fronts, including convenience, taste, price, quality, service and
location. If our company-operated and future franchised locations cannot compete successfully with other beverage and coffee locations,
other specialty coffee locations, and the growing number of coffee delivery options in new and existing markets, we could lose customers
and our revenue could decline. Our company-operated and future franchised locations compete with national, regional and local coffee
chains for customers, locations and qualified management and other staff. Compared to us, some of our competitors have substantially
greater financial and other resources, have been in business longer, have greater brand recognition or are better established in the
markets where our locations are located or are planned to be located. In some markets that we may grow into, there are already well-funded
competitors in the coffee or beverage business that may challenge our ability to grow into those regions. Any of these competitive factors
may harm our business. 

Additionally, if our competitors
begin to evolve their business strategies and adopt aspects of the Reborn Coffee business model, our customers may be drawn to those
competitors for their beverage needs and our business could be harmed. 

Our growth strategy
depends in part on opening new locations in existing and new markets. We may be unsuccessful in opening new locations or establishing
new markets, which could adversely affect our growth. 

As of December 31, 2022,
Reborn had 11 company-owned locations. One of the key means to achieving our growth strategy will be through opening new locations and
operating those locations on a profitable basis. We opened 4 new company-operated locations in 2022. Additionally, we currently are developing
3 additional retail locations, Huntington Beach, Pasadena and Irvine, and have identified additional 2 locations, Diamond Bar and Anaheim,
for expansion. In 2023, we expect to open up to 10 company-operated retail locations. 

Our ability to open new
locations is dependent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including our and our future franchise partners 
ability to: 

identify
 available and suitable sites; 

compete
 for such sites; 

reach
 acceptable agreements regarding the lease of locations; 

obtain
 or have available the financing required to acquire and operate a location, including construction
 and opening costs, which includes access to build-to-suit leases and ground lease construction
 or renovation arrangements; 

respond
 to unforeseen engineering or environmental problems with leased premises; 

avoid
 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities; 

hire,
 train and retain the skilled management and other employees necessary to meet staffing needs; 

obtain,
 in a timely manner and for an acceptable cost, required licenses, permits and regulatory
 approvals and respond effectively to any changes in local, state or federal law and regulations
 that adversely affect our and our future franchise partners costs or ability to open
 new locations; and 

control
 construction and equipment cost increases for new locations and secure the services of qualified
 contractors and subcontractors in an increasingly competitive environment. 

There is no guarantee that
a sufficient number of suitable sites for new locations will be available in desirable areas or on terms that are acceptable to us in
order to achieve our growth plan. If we are unable to open new locations, or if future franchise partners do not open new locations,
or if location openings are significantly delayed, our revenue or earnings growth could be adversely affected and our business may be
harmed. 

9 

As part of our longer term
growth strategy, we expect to enter into geographic markets in which we have little or no prior operating experience. The challenges
of entering new markets include: adapting to local regulations or restrictions that may limit our ability to open new locations, restrict
the use of certain branding or increase the cost of development; difficulties in hiring experienced personnel; unfamiliarity with local
real estate markets and demographics; consumer unfamiliarity with our brand; and different competitive and economic conditions, consumer
tastes and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than in our existing markets. Consumer recognition
of our brand has been important in the success of our locations in our existing markets, and we will need to build this recognition in
new markets. Locations we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels on a consistent basis and may
have higher construction, occupancy and operating costs than existing locations, thereby affecting our overall profitability. Any failure
on our part to recognize or respond to these challenges may adversely affect the success of any new locations. 

Due to brand recognition
and logistical synergies, as part of our growth strategy, we also intend to open new locations in areas where we have existing locations.
The operating results and comparable location sales could be adversely affected due to close proximity with our other locations and market
saturation. 

New locations, once
opened, may not be profitable or may close, and the increases in average per location revenue and comparable sales that we have experienced
in the past may not be indicative of future results. 

Our results have been, and
in the future may continue to be, significantly impacted by the timing of new location openings, which is subject to a number of factors,
many of which are outside of our control, including landlord delays, associated pre-opening costs and operating inefficiencies, as well
as changes in our geographic concentration due to the opening of new locations. We have typically incurred the most significant portion
of pre-opening expenses associated with a given location within the three months preceding the opening of the location. Our experience
has been that labor and operating costs associated with a newly opened location for the first several months of operation are materially
greater than what can be expected after that time, both in aggregate dollars and as a percentage of sales. Our new locations commonly
take three to five months to reach planned operating levels due to inefficiencies typically associated with new locations, including
the training of new personnel, new market learning curves, inability to hire sufficient qualified staff, and other factors. We may incur
additional costs in new markets, particularly for transportation and distribution, which may impact sales and the profitability of those
locations. Accordingly, the volume and timing of new location openings may have a material adverse impact on our profitability. 

Although we target specified
operating and financial metrics, new locations may never meet these targets or may take longer than anticipated to do so. Any new location
we open may never become profitable or achieve operating results similar to those of our existing locations, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Some of Reborn Coffee s
retail locations open with an initial start-up period of higher than normal sales volumes and related costs, which subsequently decrease
to stabilized levels. In new markets, the length of time before average sales for new locations stabilize is less predictable and can
be longer as a result of our limited knowledge of these markets and consumers limited awareness of our brand. Our ability to operate
new locations profitably and increase average location revenue and comparable location sales will depend on many factors, some of which
are beyond our control, including: 

consumer
 awareness and understanding of the Reborn brand; 

general
 economic conditions, which can affect location traffic, local labor costs and prices we pay
 for the beverage and other supplies we use; 

consumption
 patterns and beverage preferences that differ from region to region; 

changes
 in consumer preferences and discretionary spending; 

difficulties
 obtaining or maintaining adequate relationships with distributors or suppliers in new markets; 

increases
 in prices for commodities, including coffee, and milk; 

inefficiency
 in our labor costs as the staff gains experience; 

competition,
 either from our competitors in the beverage industry or our own locations; 

temporary
 and permanent site characteristics of new locations; 

changes
 in government regulation; and 

other
 unanticipated increases in costs, any of which could give rise to delays or cost overruns. 

10 

If our new locations do
not perform as planned or close, our business and future prospects could be harmed. In addition, an inability to achieve our expected
average location revenue could harm our business. 

Additionally, opening new
locations in existing markets may negatively impact sales at our existing, and our future franchise partners , locations. The consumer
target area of our locations varies by location, depending on a number of factors, including population density, other local retail and
business attractions, area demographics and geography. As a result, the opening of a new location in or near markets in which we already
have or our future franchise partners will have locations could adversely impact sales at these existing locations while growing overall
sales in a region. Existing locations could also make it more difficult to build our and our future franchise partners consumer
base for a new location in the same market. Sales transfer between our locations may become significant in the future as we continue
to expand our operations and could affect our sales growth, which could, in turn, harm our business. 

As we expand, we may not
be able to maintain our current average location and our business may be harmed. Although we have specific target operating and financial
metrics, new locations may not meet these targets or may take longer than anticipated to do so. Any new Reborn Coffee location we open
may not be profitable or achieve operating results similar to those of our existing locations, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Our failure to manage
our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. 

We have experienced rapid
growth and increased demand for our products. The growth and expansion of our business and products may place a significant strain on
our management, operational and financial resources. As we expand our business, it is important that we continue to maintain a high level
of customer service and satisfaction which may place a significant strain on our management, sales and marketing, administrative, financial,
and other resources. We may not be able to respond in a timely basis to all the changing demands that our planned expansion will impose
on management and on our existing infrastructure, or be able to hire or retain the necessary management and baristas, which could harm
our business. Further, if we are not able to continue to provide high quality customer service as a result of these demands, our reputation,
as well as our business, including a decline in financial performance, could be harmed. If we experience a decline in financial performance,
we may decrease the number of or discontinue new Reborn Coffee location openings, or we may decide to close locations that we are unable
to operate in a profitable manner. 

We are required to manage
multiple relationships with various strategic partners, our future franchise partners, customers, and other third parties. In the event
of further growth of our operations or in the number of our third-party relationships, our existing management systems, financial and
management controls and information systems may not be adequate to support our planned expansion and we may face challenges of integrating,
developing, training, and motivating a rapidly growing employee base in our various locations and maintaining our company culture across
multiple company-operated and future franchise locations. Our ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to continue to
enhance our systems, procedures and controls and to locate, hire, train and retain management and staff, particularly in new markets
which may require significant capital expenditures. 

Damage to our brand
or reputation and negative publicity could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our reputation and the quality
of our Reborn Coffee brand are critical to our business and success in existing markets and will be critical to our success as we enter
new markets. We believe that we have built our reputation on the high quality of our coffee and service, our commitment to our customers
and our strong employee culture, and we must protect and grow the value of our brand in order for us to continue to be successful. Any
incident that erodes consumer loyalty for our brand could significantly reduce its value and damage our business. 

We may, from time to time,
be faced with negative publicity, regardless of its accuracy, relating to beverage quality; the safety, sanitation and welfare of our
locations; customer complaints or litigation alleging illness or injury; health inspection scores; integrity of our or our suppliers 
food processing, employment practices and other policies, practices and procedures; or employee relationships and welfare or other matters.
Negative publicity may adversely affect us, regardless of whether the allegations are substantiated or whether we are held to be responsible.
In addition, the negative impact of adverse publicity relating to one location may extend far beyond the location involved, to affect
some or all of our other locations, including our future franchise partner locations. The risk of negative publicity is particularly
great with respect to our future franchise partner locations because we are limited in the manner in which we can regulate them, especially
on a real-time basis, and negative publicity from our future franchise partners locations may also significantly impact company-operated
locations. A similar risk exists with respect to beverage businesses unrelated to us if customers mistakenly associate such unrelated
businesses with our operations. Employee claims against us based on, among other things, wage and hour violations, discrimination, harassment
or wrongful termination may also create not only legal and financial liability but negative publicity that could adversely affect us
and divert our financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit the future performance of our operations. These
types of employee claims could also be asserted against us, on a co-employer theory, by employees of our future franchise partners. A
significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in the number of successful claims could harm our business. 

11 

Additionally, there has
been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and similar devices, including blogs, social media websites and other forms
of internet-based communications that provide individuals with access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons.
The availability of information on social media platforms is virtually immediate as is its impact. Many social media platforms immediately
publish the content their subscribers and participants can post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The
opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information
concerning us may be posted on such platforms at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, each
of which may harm our performance, prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or
correction. 

Ultimately, the risks associated
with any such negative publicity or incorrect information cannot be completely eliminated or mitigated and may harm our business. 

Our inability to identify,
recruit and retain qualified individuals for our locations could slow our growth and adversely impact our ability to operate. 

Our success also depends
substantially on the contributions and abilities of our staff on whom we rely to give customers a superior experience and elevate our
brand. Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified operators, all of
whom come from within our system, and staff to meet the needs of our existing locations and to staff new locations. We aim to hire warm,
friendly, motivated, caring, self-aware and intellectually curious individuals, who are excited and committed to championship performance,
remarkable and enriching hospitality, embodying our culture and actively growing themselves and our brand. A sufficient number of qualified
individuals to fill these positions and qualifications may be in short supply in some communities. Competition in these communities for
qualified staff is high and will likely require us to pay higher wages and provide greater benefits, especially if there is continued
improvement in regional or national economic conditions. We place a heavy emphasis on the qualification and training of our personnel
and spend a significant amount of time and money on training our employees. Any inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals
may result in higher turnover and increased labor costs, and could compromise the quality of our service, all of which could adversely
affect our business. Any such inability could also delay the planned openings of new locations and could adversely impact our existing
locations. Any such inability to retain or recruit qualified employees, increased costs of attracting qualified employees or delays in
location openings could harm our business. 

Our expansion into
new domestic markets may present increased risks, which could affect our profitability. 

We plan to open additional
company-operated Reborn Coffee locations in domestic markets where we have little or no operating experience. The target consumer base
of our locations varies by location, depending on a number of factors, including population density, other local coffee and convenience
beverage distributors, area demographics and geography. Locations we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales and
profit levels on a consistent basis. New markets may have competitive or regulatory conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending
patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than our existing markets. We may need to make greater investments than we originally
planned in advertising and promotional activity in new markets to build brand awareness. We may find it more difficult in new markets
to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees who share our values. Until we attain a critical mass in a market, the locations we do
open will have reduced operating leverage. As a result, these new locations may be less successful or may achieve target operating profit
margins at a slower rate than existing locations did, if ever. If we do not successfully execute our plans to enter new markets, our
business could be harmed. 

We are subject to
the risks associated with leasing space subject to long-term non-cancelable lease and, in the event we chose to purchase real property
in the future, owning real estate. 

Our leases generally have
initial multiple-year terms with renewal options. Location leases provide for a specified annual rent, typically at a fixed rate with
annual increases and other escalators. Generally, our leases are net leases, which require us to pay all the cost of insurance,
taxes, maintenance and utilities. We generally cannot terminate these leases without incurring substantial costs. Additional sites that
we lease are likely to be subject to similar long-term non-cancelable leases. If an existing or future location is not profitable, and
we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things,
paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In addition, as each of our leases expires, we may fail to negotiate renewals,
either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to close locations in desirable locations. 

Also, should we choose to
purchase real property for various locations in the future, we would be subject to all the risks generally associated with owning real
estate, including changes in the investment climate for real estate, demographic trends and supply or demand for the use of the locations,
which may result from competition from similar restaurants in the area as well as strict, joint and several liability for environmental
contamination at or from the property, regardless of fault. 

12 

Our operating results
and growth strategies will be closely tied to the success of our future franchise partners and we will have limited control with respect
to their operations. Additionally, our future franchise partners interests may conflict or diverge with our interests in the future,
which could have a negative impact on our business. 

As we grow, we will depend
on the financial success and cooperation of our future franchise partners for our success. Our future franchise partners are independent
business operators and are not our employees, and as such we have limited control over how our prospective franchise partners will run
their businesses, and their inability to operate successfully could adversely affect our operating results. 

We will receive royalties,
franchise fees, contributions to our marketing development fund, and other fees from our future franchise partners. Additionally, we
will sell proprietary products to our future franchise partners at a markup over our cost to produce. We have established operational
standards and guidelines for our future franchise partners; however, we will have limited control over how our future franchise partners 
businesses are run, including day to day operations. Even with these operation standards and guidelines, the quality of franchised Reborn
Coffee locations may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Consequently, our future franchise partners may not successfully
operate locations in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements, such as quality, service and cleanliness, or may not hire
and train qualified location managers, baristas and other location personnel or may not implement marketing programs and major initiatives
such as location remodels or equipment or technology upgrades, which may require financial investment. Even if such unsuccessful operations
do not rise to the level of breaching the related franchise documents, they may be attributed by customers to our Reborn brand and could
have a negative impact on our business. 

Our future franchise partners
may not be able to secure adequate financing to open or continue operating their Reborn Coffee locations. If they incur too much debt
or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to repay existing debt, our franchise partners could experience
financial distress or even bankruptcy. If a significant number of our future franchise partners were to become financially distressed,
it could harm our operating results through reduced royalty revenue, marketing fees, and proprietary product sales and the impact on
our profitability could be greater than the percentage decrease in these revenue streams. 

While we are responsible
for ensuring the success of our entire system of locations and for taking a longer term view with respect to system improvements, our
future franchise partners will have individual business strategies and objectives, which might conflict with our interests. Our future
franchise partners may from time to time disagree with us and our strategies and objectives regarding the business or our interpretation
of our respective rights and obligations under the franchise agreement and the terms and conditions of the franchise partner relationship.
This may lead to disputes with our prospective franchise partners and we expect such disputes to occur from time to time in the future.
Such disputes may result in legal action against us. To the extent we have such disputes, the attention, time and financial resources
of our management and our future franchise partners will be diverted from our locations, which could harm our business even if we have
a successful outcome in the dispute. 

Actions or omissions by
our future franchise partners in violation of various laws may be attributed to us or result in negative publicity that affects our overall
brand image, which may decrease consumer demand for our products. Future franchise partners may engage in online activity via social
media or activity in their personal lives that negatively impacts public perception of our future franchise partners or our operations
or our brand as a whole. This activity may negatively affect future franchise partners sales and in turn impact our revenue. 

In addition, various state
and federal laws govern our relationship with our future franchise partners and our potential sale of a franchise. A future franchise
partner and/or a government agency may bring legal action against us based on the franchisee/franchisor relationships that could result
in the award of damages to a future franchise partner and/or the imposition of fines or other penalties against us. 

Our locations are
geographically concentrated in California, and we could be negatively affected by conditions specific to that state. 

As of December 31, 2022,
all of our company-operated locations were located in California. Adverse changes in demographic, unemployment, economic, regulatory
or weather conditions in California have, and may continue, to harm our business. As a result of our concentration in this market, we
have been, and in the future may be, disproportionately affected by these adverse conditions compared to other chain beverage locations
with a national footprint. 

13 

Interruption of our
supply chain of coffee or other ingredients, coffee machines and other restaurant equipment or packaging could affect our ability to
produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. 

Any material interruption
in our supply chain, such as material interruption of the supply of coffee, dairy, coffee machines and other restaurant equipment or
packaging for our proprietary products due to the casualty loss of any of our roasting plant, interruptions in service by our third-party
logistic service providers or common carriers that ship goods within our distribution channels, trade restrictions, such as increased
tariffs or quotas, embargoes or customs restrictions, pandemics, social or labor unrest, natural disasters or political disputes and
military conflicts that cause a material disruption in our supply chain could have a negative material impact on our business and our
profitability. 

Additionally, most of our
beverage and other products are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international business partners and we rely on these suppliers
to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. For certain products, we may rely very few suppliers. The loss of
these vendors or failures by our suppliers to meet our standards, provide products in a timely and efficient manner, or comply with applicable
laws is beyond our control and could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Increases in the cost
of high-quality coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of high-quality coffee beans or other commodities
could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

The availability and prices
of coffee beans and other commodities are subject to significant volatility. We purchase, roast and sell high-quality whole bean coffee
beans and related coffee products. 

The supply and price of
coffee we purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, such as weather (including the potential effects
of climate change), natural disasters, crop disease, general increase in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels, political
and economic conditions and the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices
of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. Speculative trading in coffee commodities
can also influence coffee prices. Because of the significance of coffee beans to our operations, combined with our ability to only partially
mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and hedging activities, increases in the cost of high-quality coffee beans could
have a material adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, if we are not able to purchase sufficient quantities of green coffee
beans due to any of the above factors or to a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our coffee,
which could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. 

We also purchase significant
amounts of dairy products, particularly milk, and non-dairy milks to support the needs of our locations. Additionally, and
although less significant to our operations than coffee, other commodities, including but not limited to tea, syrups, and packaging material,
such as plastics and corrugation, are important to our operations. Increases in the cost of such commodities may increase the cost of
our packing materials, or lack of availability, whether due to supply shortages, delays or interruptions in processing, or otherwise,
especially in international markets, could harm our business. 

If we fail to offer
high-quality customer experience, our business and reputation will suffer. 

Numerous factors may impact
a customer s experience which may in turn impact the likelihood of such customer returning. Those factors include service, convenience,
taste, price, quality, location of our locations and brand image. In addition to providing high quality coffee, we empower our employees
to provide an enhanced customer experience. Our staff put customer needs first and we give them the flexibility required to build genuine,
meaningful connections that keep our customers returning for more. As we grow, it may be difficult for us to identify, recruit, train
and manage enough people with enough skill and talent to provide this enhanced customer experience. 

If we fail to maintain
adequate operational and financial resources, particularly if we continue to grow rapidly, we may be unable to execute our business plan
or maintain high levels of service and customer satisfaction. 

Our continuous growth and
expansion may place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources and in connection therewith, our
organizational structure is becoming more complex as we scale our operational, financial, and management controls, as well as our reporting
systems and procedures. As we continue to grow, we may face challenges of integrating, developing, training, and motivating a rapidly
growing employee base in our various locations and maintaining our company culture across multiple offices and locations. Certain members
of our management may not have previously worked together for an extended period of time, and some do not have prior experience managing
a public company, which may affect how they manage our growth. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth and change in a manner that
preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture, the quality of our beverages and services may suffer, which could negatively affect
our brand and reputation and harm our ability to attract users, employees, and organizations. 

14 

To manage growth in our
operations and personnel, we will need to continue to grow and improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting
systems and procedures. We will require significant capital expenditures and the allocation of valuable management resources to grow
and change in these areas. Our expansion has placed, and our expected future growth will continue to place, a significant strain on our
management, customer experience, research and development, sales and marketing, administrative, financial, and other resources. 

In addition, as we expand
our business, it is important that we continue to maintain a high level of customer service and satisfaction. As our customer base continues
to grow, we will need to expand our customer service and other personnel, which will require more complex management and systems. If
we are not able to continue to provide high levels of customer service, our reputation, as well as our business could be harmed. 

We are increasingly
dependent on information technology and our ability to process data in order to operate and sell our goods and services, and if we (or
our vendors) are unable to protect against software and hardware vulnerabilities, service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based
attacks, ransomware or security breaches, or if we fail to comply with our commitments and assurances regarding the privacy and security
of such data, our operations could be disrupted, our ability to provide our goods and services could be interrupted, our reputation may
be harmed and we may be exposed to liability and loss of customers and business. 

We rely on information technology
networks and systems and data processing (some of which are managed by third-party service providers such as Square and Xero) to market,
sell and deliver our products and services, to fulfill orders, to collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose,
make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of and share Process or Processing personal information, confidential
or proprietary information, financial information and other information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, for
financial reporting purposes, to operate our business, to process orders, for legal and marketing purposes and to comply with regulatory,
legal and tax requirements Business Functions ). These information technology networks and systems, and the Processing they
perform, may be vulnerable to data security and privacy threats (cyber and otherwise). Moreover, the risk of unauthorized circumvention
of our security measures or those of our third parties on whom we rely on has been heightened by advances in computer and software capabilities
and the increasing sophistication of hackers who employ complex techniques, including, without limitation, phishing or social
engineering incidents, ransomware, extortion, account takeover attacks, denial or degradation of service attacks and malware. Further,
breaches experienced by other companies may also be leveraged against us. For example, credential stuffing attacks are becoming increasingly
common and sophisticated actors can mask their attacks, making them increasingly difficult to identify and prevent. We have technology
security initiatives, such as cyber liability insurance, and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities,
but these measures may not be adequately designed or implemented to ensure that our operations are not disrupted or that data security
breaches do not occur. If our information technology networks and systems or data processing suffers damage, security breaches, vulnerabilities,
disruption or shutdown, and we do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, they could cause a material adverse impact to,
our Business Functions and our business, reputation and financial condition. 

Hackers and data thieves
are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-scale and complex automated attacks, which may remain undetected until after they occur.
Despite our efforts to protect our information technology networks and systems, Processing and information, we may not be able to anticipate
or to implement effective preventive and remedial measures against all data security and privacy threats. Our security measures may not
be adequate to prevent or detect service interruption, system failure, data loss or theft, or other material adverse consequences. No
security solution, strategy or measures can address all possible security threats. Our applications, systems, networks, software and physical
facilities could have material vulnerabilities, be breached or personal or confidential information could be otherwise compromised due
to employee error or malfeasance, if, for example, third parties attempt to fraudulently induce our personnel or our customers to disclose
information or user names and/or passwords, or otherwise compromise the security of our networks, systems and/or physical facilities.
We cannot be certain that we will be able to address any such vulnerabilities, in whole or part, and there may be delays in developing
and deploying patches and other remedial measures to adequately address vulnerabilities, and taking such remedial steps could adversely
impact or disrupt our operations. We expect similar issues to arise in the future as our products and services are more widely adopted,
and as we continue to expand the features and functionality of existing products and services and introduce new products and services. 

An actual or perceived breach
of our security systems or those of our third-party service providers may require notification under applicable data privacy regulations
or for customer relations or publicity purposes, which could result in reputational harm, costly litigation (including class action litigation),
material contract breaches, liability, settlement costs, loss of sales, regulatory scrutiny, actions or investigations, a loss of confidence
in our business, systems and Processing, a diversion of management s time and attention, and significant fines, penalties, assessments,
fees and expenses. 

15 

The costs to respond to
a security breach and/or to mitigate any security vulnerabilities that may be identified could be significant, our efforts to address
these problems may not be successful. These costs include, but are not limited to, retaining the services of cybersecurity providers;
compliance costs arising out of existing and future cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws and regulations; and costs related
to maintaining redundant networks, data backups and other damage-mitigation measures. We could be required to fundamentally change our
business activities and practices in response to a security breach or related regulatory actions or litigation, which could have an adverse
effect on our business. Additionally, most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities,
and others of security breaches involving certain types of data. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity,
may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital
and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach. 

We may not have adequate
insurance coverage for handling security incidents or breaches, including fines, judgments, settlements, penalties, costs, attorney fees
and other impacts that arise out of incidents or breaches. If the impacts of a security incident or breach, or the successful assertion
of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies
(including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), it could harm our business. In addition,
we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not
deny coverage as to all or part of any future claim or loss. Moreover, our privacy risks are likely to increase as we continue to expand,
grow our customer base, and process, store, and transmit increasingly large amounts of personal and/or sensitive data. 

Pandemics or disease
outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic have had, and may continue to have, an effect on our business and results of operations. 

Pandemics or disease outbreaks
such as the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted and are likely to continue to impact customer traffic at our Reborn locations and may make
it more difficult to staff our locations and, in more severe cases, may cause a temporary inability to obtain supplies and increase commodity
costs. COVID-19 was officially declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, and the virus, including the
continued spread of highly transmissible variants of the virus, has impacted all global economies, and in the United States has resulted
in varying levels of restrictions and shutdowns implemented by national, state, and local authorities. 

Such viruses may be transmitted
through human contact and airborne delivery, and the risk of contracting viruses could continue to cause employees or customers to avoid
gathering in public places, which has had, and could further have, adverse effects on our customer traffic or the ability to adequately
staff locations. We have been adversely affected when government authorities have imposed and continue to impose restrictions on public
gatherings, human interactions, operations of restaurants or mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures, restrict hours of operations
or impose curfews, restrict the import or export of products or if suppliers issue mass recalls of products. Additional regulation or
requirements with respect to the compensation of our employees could also have an adverse effect on our business. Even if such measures
are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly within a specific area, the perceived risk of infection
or health risk in such area may adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally,
different jurisdictions have seen varying levels of outbreaks or resurgences in outbreaks, and corresponding differences in government
responses, which may make it difficult for us to plan or forecast an appropriate response. 

Our operations have been
and we expect will be disrupted when employees were suspected of having COVID-19 or other illnesses since this required us to quarantine
some or all such employees and close and disinfect our impacted locations. If a significant percentage of our workforce or the workforce
of our future franchise partners are unable to work, including because of illness or travel or government restrictions, like quarantine
requirements, in connection with pandemics or disease outbreaks, our operations may be negatively impacted, potentially materially adversely
affecting our business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and
mitigation measures have also had an adverse impact on global economic conditions, which have had an adverse effect on our business and
financial condition. Our sales and operating results may be affected by uncertain or changing economic and market conditions arising
in connection with and in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including prolonged periods of high unemployment, inflation, deflation,
prolonged weak consumer demand, a decrease in consumer discretionary spending, political instability or other changes. The significance
of the operational and financial impact to us will depend on how long and widespread the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic,
and the corresponding response to contain the virus and treat those affected by it, prove to be. 

16 

We do not yet know the full
extent of potential delays or impacts on our business, operations or the global economy as a whole. While there have recently been vaccines
developed and administered, and the spread of COVID- 19 may eventually be contained or mitigated, we cannot predict the timing of the
vaccine roll-out globally or the efficacy of such vaccines, and we do not yet know how customers or our future franchise partners will
operate in a post COVID-19 environment. In addition, new strains and variants of the virus have caused a resurgence and an increase in
reported infection rates, particularly in areas with lower vaccination rates, which may impact the general economic recovery. There is
no guarantee that a future outbreak of this or any other widespread epidemics will not occur, or that the global economy will recover,
either of which could seriously harm our business fully recover. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic
on our business, operations or the global economy as a whole remains highly uncertain. 

While we have developed
and continue to develop plans to help mitigate the potential negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, these efforts may not be effective,
and any protracted economic downturn will likely limit the effectiveness of our efforts. Accordingly, it is not possible for us to predict
the duration and extent to which this will affect our business at this time. 

Risks Related to Our
Brand 

Our success depends
substantially on the value of our brand and failure to preserve its value could have a negative impact on our financial results. 

Our success depends in large
part upon our ability and our future franchise partners ability to maintain and enhance our corporate reputation and the value
and perception of our brand. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. To be successful
in the future, particularly outside of the Southern California region of the United States where the Reborn brand may be less well known,
we believe we must preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand across interactions. 

Business incidents, whether
isolated or recurring and whether originating from us or our business partners, that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand
value, potentially trigger boycotts of our locations or result in civil or criminal liability and can have a negative impact on our financial
results. Such incidents include actual or perceived breaches of privacy, contaminated products, staff infected with communicable diseases,
such as COVID-19, or other potential incidents discussed in this Risk Factors section. The impact of such incidents may be exacerbated
if they receive considerable publicity, including rapidly through social or digital media (including for malicious reasons) or result
in litigation. Consumer demand for our products and our brand equity could diminish significantly if we, our employees, future franchise
partners or other business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act in an unethical, illegal,
racially-biased, unequal or socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content or sale of our products, service
and treatment of customers at Reborn locations, or the use of customer data for general or direct marketing or other purposes. Additionally,
if we fail to comply with laws and regulations, publicly take controversial positions or actions or fail to deliver a consistently positive
consumer experience in each of our markets, including by failing to invest in the right balance of wages and benefits to attract and
retain employees that represent the brand well or foster an inclusive and diverse environment, our brand value may be diminished. 

Moreover, our success depends
in large part upon our ability to maintain our corporate reputation. For example, the reputation of our Reborn brand could be damaged
by claims or perceptions about the quality or safety of our ingredients or beverages or the quality or reputation of our suppliers, distributors
or future franchise partners or by claims or perceptions that we, our future franchise partners or other business partners have acted
or are acting in an unethical, illegal, racially-biased or socially irresponsible manner or are not fostering an inclusive and diverse
environment, regardless of whether such claims or perceptions are substantiated. Our corporate reputation could also suffer from negative
publicity or consumer sentiment regarding Reborn action or inaction or brand imagery, a real or perceived failure of corporate governance,
or misconduct by any officer or any employee or representative of us or a future franchise partner. Any such incidents (even if resulting
from actions of a competitor or future franchise partner) could cause a decline directly or indirectly in consumer confidence in, or
the perception of, our Reborn brand and/or our products and reduce consumer demand for our products, which would likely result in lower
revenue and profits. 

There has been an increased
public focus, including from the United States federal and state governments, on environmental sustainability matters, including with
respect to climate change, greenhouse gases, water resources, packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land
use. We endeavor to conduct our business in a manner which reflects our priority of sustainable stewardship, including with respect to
environmental sustainability matters, and we are working to manage the risks and costs to us, our future franchise partners and our supply
chain associated with these types of environmental sustainability matters. In addition, as the result of such heightened public focus
on environmental sustainability matters, we may face increased pressure to provide expanded disclosure, make or expand commitments, set
targets, or establish additional goals and take actions to meet such goals, in connection with such environmental sustainability matters.
These matters and our efforts to address them could expose us to market, operational, reputational and execution costs or risks. 

17 

We may not be able
to adequately protect our intellectual property, including trademarks, trade names, and service marks, which, in turn, could harm the
value of our brand and adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to implement
our business plan successfully depends in part on our ability to further build brand recognition using our trademarks, service marks,
proprietary products and other intellectual property, including our name and logos and the unique character and atmosphere of our Reborn
locations. We rely on U.S. trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as license agreements, nondisclosure agreements, and
confidentiality and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. Nevertheless, our competitors may develop similar
menu items and concepts, and adequate remedies may not be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets
and other intellectual property. 

The success of our business
depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks, trade names, and service marks to increase brand awareness and further
develop our brand as we expand into new markets. We have registered and applied to register trademarks and service marks in the United
States and abroad. We may not be able to adequately protect our trademarks and service marks, and our competitors and others may successfully
challenge the validity and/or enforceability of our trademarks and service marks and other intellectual property. There can also be no
assurance that pending or future U.S. trademark applications will be approved in a timely manner or at all, or that such registrations
will effectively protect our brand names and trademarks. 

Additionally, the steps
we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the United States may not be adequate. If our efforts to maintain and protect our
intellectual property are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates, dilutes or infringes on our intellectual property, the value
of our brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and might prevent our brands from achieving or
maintaining market acceptance. Even with our own prospective franchise partners, whose activities are monitored and regulated through
our eventual franchise agreements, we face risk that they may refer to or make statements about our Reborn brand that do not make proper
use of our trademarks or required designations, that improperly alter trademarks or branding, or that are critical of our brand or place
our brand in a context that may tarnish our reputation. This may result in dilution of, or harm to, our intellectual property or the
value of our brand. 

We may also from time to
time be required to institute litigation to enforce our trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property. Such litigation could
result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our sales, profitability and prospects regardless
of whether we can successfully enforce our rights. 

Third parties may oppose
our trademark and service mark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks and service marks. In the event that these
or other intellectual property rights are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which would result in
loss of brand recognition and would require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Third parties may also assert
that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property and may sue us for intellectual property infringement.
Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs, and the time and attention of our management and other
personnel may be diverted in pursuing these proceedings. If a court finds that we infringe a third party s intellectual property,
we may be required to pay damages and/or be subject to an injunction. With respect to any third party intellectual property that we use
or wish to use in our business (whether or not asserted against us in litigation), we may not be able to enter into licensing or other
arrangements with the owner of such intellectual property at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms. 

Food safety and quality
concerns may negatively impact our brand, business and profitability, our internal operational controls and standards may not always
be met and our employees may not always act professionally, responsibly and in our and our customers best interests. Any possible
instances or reports, whether true or not, of food and/or beverage-borne illness could reduce our sales. 

Incidents or reports, whether
true or not, of food-borne or water-borne illness or other food safety issues, food contamination or tampering, employee hygiene and
cleanliness failures or improper employee conduct at our locations could lead to product liability or other claims. Such incidents or
reports could negatively affect our brand and reputation as well as our business, revenue and profits. Similar incidents or reports occurring
at coffee and convenience locations unrelated to us could likewise create negative publicity, which could negatively impact consumer
behavior towards us. 

18 

We cannot guarantee to customers
that our internal controls and training will be fully effective in preventing all food-borne illnesses. New illnesses resistant to our
current precautions may develop in the future, or diseases with long incubation periods could arise, that could give rise to claims or
allegations on a retroactive basis. One or more instances of food-borne illness in one of our company-operated or future franchised locations
could negatively affect sales at all our locations if highly publicized. This risk exists even if it were later determined that the illness
was wrongly attributed to one of our locations. Additionally, even if food-borne illnesses were not identified at our locations, our
sales could be adversely affected if instances of food-borne illnesses at other coffee and beverage chains were highly publicized. 

If we or our future
franchise partners are unable to protect our customers credit and debit card data or confidential information in connection with
process the same or confidential employee information, we could be exposed to data loss, litigation, liability and reputational damage. 

Our business requires the
collection, transmission and retention of large volumes of customer and employee data, including credit and debit card numbers and other
personally identifiable information, in various information technology systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties
with whom we contract to provide services. The integrity and protection of that customer and employee data is critical to us. Further,
our customers and employees have a high expectation that we and our service providers will adequately protect their personal information. 

We currently accept payments
using credit cards and debit cards and, as such, are subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements,
including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI-DSS ), which is a security standard applicable to companies
like ours that collect, store or transmit certain data regarding credit and debit cards, holders and transactions. We are also subject
to rules governing electronic funds transfers. Such rules could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us
to comply. If we (or a third party processing payment card transactions on our behalf) suffer a security breach affecting payment card
information, we may have to pay onerous and significant fines, penalties and assessments arising out of the major card brands 
rules and regulations, contractual indemnifications or liability contained in merchant agreements and similar contracts, and we may lose
our ability to accept payment cards for payment for our goods and services, which could materially impact our operations and financial
performance. 

The information, security
and privacy requirements imposed by governmental regulation are increasingly demanding. Our systems may not be able to satisfy these
changing requirements and customer and employee expectations or may require significant additional investments or time in order to do
so. Efforts to hack or breach security measures, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, operator
error or inadvertent releases of data all threaten our and our service providers information systems and records. A breach in
the security of our information technology systems or those of our service providers could lead to an interruption in the operation of
our systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. Additionally, a significant theft, loss or misappropriation
of, or access to, customers or other proprietary data or other breach of our information technology systems could result in fines,
legal claims or proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and information
security laws, which could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and expose us to claims from customers and employees, any of
which could harm our business. 

Risks Related to People
and Culture 

Changes in the availability
of and the cost of labor could harm our business. 

Our business could be harmed
by increases in labor costs, including those increases triggered by regulatory actions regarding wages, scheduling and benefits, increased
health care and workers compensation insurance costs, which, in a retail business such as ours, are our most significant costs.
In particular, our baristas are paid wage rates at or based on the applicable federal or state minimum wage, and increases in the applicable
minimum wage will increase labor costs. From time to time, legislative proposals are made to increase the minimum wage at the federal
or state level. As federal, state or other applicable minimum wage rates increase, we may be required to increase not only the wage rates
of minimum wage baristas or other employees, but also the wages paid to other hourly employees. We may not choose to increase prices
in order to pass future increased labor costs on to customers, in which case our margins would be negatively affected. If we do not increase
prices to cover increased labor costs, the higher prices could result in lower revenue, which may also reduce margins. 

19 

Furthermore, the successful
operation of our business depends upon our, and our future franchise partners , ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient
number of qualified employees. From time to time, there may be a shortage of qualified employees in certain of the communities in which
we operate or expand to. Shortages may make it increasingly difficult and expensive to attract, train and retain the services of a satisfactory
number of qualified employees, which could delay the planned openings of new company-operated and future franchised locations and adversely
impact the operations and profitability of existing locations. Furthermore, competition for qualified employees, particularly in markets
where such shortages exist, could require us to pay higher wages, which could result in higher labor costs. Accordingly, if we and our
future franchise partners are unable to recruit and retain sufficiently qualified individuals, our business could be harmed. 

Additionally, the growth
of our business can make it increasingly difficult to locate and hire sufficient numbers of key employees, to maintain an effective system
of internal controls for a dispersed chain and to train employees to deliver consistently high-quality hand-crafted beverages and customer
experiences, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. Furthermore, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we could
experience a shortage of labor for location positions as concern over exposure to COVID-19 and other factors could decrease the pool
of available qualified talent for key functions. In addition, our wages and benefits programs, combined with the challenging conditions
due to the COVID-19 pandemic, may be insufficient to attract and retain the best talent. 

We depend on our executive
officers and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain other highly skilled
employees could harm our business. 

Our success depends largely
upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees. We rely on our leadership team in the areas of marketing,
sales, customer experience, and selling, general and administrative. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management
team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. The loss of one or more of our executive
officers or key employees could harm our business. Changes in our executive management team may also cause disruptions in, and harm to,
our business. 

Reborn continues to be led
by our Founder, Jay Kim, who plays an important role in driving our culture, determining the strategy, and executing against that strategy
across the company. If Mr. Kim s services became unavailable to Reborn for any reason, it may be difficult or challenging for us
to find an adequate replacement, which could cause us to be less successful in maintaining our culture and developing and effectively
executing on our company strategies. 

Our culture has contributed
to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the high employee engagement fostered by our culture,
which could harm our business. 

At Reborn Coffee, we believe
our people-first culture is a critical component of our success and customer loyalty. We have invested substantial time and resources
in developing pathways for our employees to create their own compelling future, which we believe has fostered the positive, people-first
culture that defines our organization and is enjoyed by our customers. We have built out our leadership team with an expectation of protecting
this culture, an emphasis on shared values and a commitment to diversity and inclusion. As we continue to develop the infrastructure
to support our growth, we will need to maintain our culture among a larger number of employees dispersed in various geographic regions.
Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel,
and loss of customer loyalty. 

Unionization activities
may disrupt our operations and affect our profitability. 

Although none of our employees
are currently covered under collective bargaining agreements, our employees may elect to be represented by labor unions in the future.
If a significant number of our employees were to become unionized and collective bargaining agreement terms were significantly different
from our current compensation arrangements, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In
addition, a labor dispute involving some or all of our employees may harm our reputation, disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue,
and resolution of disputes may increase our costs. 

20 

Risks Related to Regulation
and Litigation 

Changes in statutory,
regulatory, accounting, and other legal requirements, including changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States,
could potentially impact our operating and financial results. 

We are subject to numerous
statutory, regulatory and legal requirements. Our operating results could be negatively impacted by developments in these areas due to
the costs of compliance in addition to possible government penalties and litigation in the event of deemed noncompliance. Changes in
the regulatory environment in the area of food safety, privacy and information security, wage and hour laws, among others, could potentially
impact our operations and financial results. 

GAAP is subject to interpretation
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC, and various bodies formed
to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant
effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 

Moreover, while we believe
that we maintain insurance customary for businesses of our size and type, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot be insured
against or that we believe are not economically reasonable to insure. Such losses could harm our business. 

Fluctuations in our
tax obligations and effective tax rate and realization of our deferred tax assets may result in volatility of our operating results and
adversely affect our financial condition. 

We are subject to taxes
by the U.S. federal, state, and local tax authorities, and our tax liabilities will be affected by the allocation of expenses to differing
jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which may include reserves for uncertain tax positions
in multiple tax jurisdictions, and valuation allowances related to certain net deferred tax assets. At any one time, many tax years may
be subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect
the ultimate settlement of these issues. We expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates
as events occur and exposures are evaluated. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a
number of factors, including: 

changes in the valuation
 of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

expected timing and
 amount of the release of any tax valuation allowance; 

changes in tax laws,
 regulations or interpretations thereof; or 

future earnings being
 lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher
 than anticipated earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 

In addition, our effective
tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by a variety of factors including but not limited to changes
in the mix and level of earnings, varying tax rates in the different jurisdictions in which we operate, fluctuations in the valuation
allowance or by changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. Further, tax legislation may be enacted in the future which could
negatively impact our current or future tax structure and effective tax rates. We may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other
transaction taxes by U.S. federal, state, and local taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our
operating results and financial condition. 

We are subject to
many federal, state and local laws with which compliance is both costly and complex. 

The beverage industry is
subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including the recently enacted comprehensive health care reform legislation
discussed above, those relating to building and zoning requirements and those relating to the preparation and sale of food and beverages
or consumption. Such laws and regulations are subject to change from time to time. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations
could adversely affect our operating results. Typically, licenses, permits and approvals under such laws and regulations must be renewed
annually and may be revoked, suspended or denied renewal for cause at any time if governmental authorities determine that our conduct
violates applicable regulations. Difficulties or failure to maintain or obtain the required licenses, permits and approvals could adversely
affect our existing locations and delay or result in our decision to cancel the opening of new locations, which would adversely affect
our business. 

The development and operation
of a location depends, to a significant extent, on the selection of suitable sites, which are subject to unique permitting, zoning, land
use, environmental, traffic and other regulations and requirements. We are also subject to licensing and regulation by state and local
authorities relating to health, sanitation, safety and fire standards. 

21 

We are subject to the Fair
Labor Standards Act and various other federal, state and local laws that regulate the wages and hours of employees. These laws commonly
apply a strict liability standard so that even inadvertent noncompliance can lead to claims, government enforcement actions and litigation.
These laws vary from state to state and are subject to frequent amendments and judicial interpretations that can require rapid adjustments
to operations. Insurance coverage for violations of these laws is costly and sometimes is not available. Changes to these laws can adversely
affect our business by increasing labor and compliance costs. The failure to comply with these laws could adversely affect our business
as a result of costly litigation or government enforcement actions. 

We are also subject to a
variety of other employee relations laws including FMLA and state leave laws, employment discrimination laws, predictive scheduling laws,
occupational health and safety laws and regulations and the NLRA, to name a few. Together, these many laws and regulations present a
thicket of compliance obligations and liability risks. As we grow, we will need to continue to increase our compliance efforts in these
areas, which may affect our results from operations. Changes to these laws and regulations may increase these costs beyond our expectations
or predictions, which would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. Violations of these laws could lead to costly
litigation or governmental investigation or proceedings. 

We are subject to the Americans
with Disabilities Act (the ADA ), which, among other things, requires our locations to meet federally mandated requirements
for the disabled. The ADA prohibits discrimination in employment and public accommodations on the basis of disability. Under the ADA,
we could be required to expend funds to modify our locations to provide service to, or make reasonable accommodations for the employment
of, disabled persons. In addition, our employment practices are subject to the requirements of the Immigration and Naturalization Service
relating to citizenship and residency. 

In addition, our future
franchise activities will be subject to laws enacted by a number of states and rules and regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade
Commission (the FTC ). Failure to comply with new or existing franchise laws, rules and regulations in any jurisdiction
or to obtain required government approvals could negatively affect our licensing sales and our relationships with our licensees. 

The impact of current laws
and regulations, the effect of future changes in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements and the consequences of litigation
relating to current or future laws and regulations, or our inability to respond effectively to significant regulatory or public policy
issues, could increase our compliance and other costs of doing business and, therefore, have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
Failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities could result in, among other things,
revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. In addition, certain laws,
including the ADA, could require us to expend significant funds to make modifications to our locations if we failed to comply with applicable
standards. Compliance with all these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations
or proceedings. 

We (and our vendors)
are subject to stringent and changing laws, regulations, industry standards, related to data Processing, protection, privacy and security.
The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers or vendors to comply with such laws, regulations, industry standards, may harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We Process personal information,
confidential information and other information necessary to provide our products and service and ensure that they are delivered effectively,
to operate our business, for legal and marketing purposes, and for other business-related purposes. 

Data privacy and regulation
of privacy, information security and Processing has become a significant issue in the United States. The legal and regulatory framework
for privacy and security issues is rapidly evolving and is expected to increase our compliance costs and exposure to liability. There
are numerous federal, state, local laws, orders, codes, regulations and regulatory guidance regarding privacy, information security and
Processing Data Protection Laws ), the number and scope of which is changing, subject to differing applications and interpretations,
and which may be inconsistent among jurisdictions, or in conflict with other rules, laws or Data Protection Obligations (defined below).
We expect that there will continue to be new Data Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations, and we cannot yet determine the impact
such future Data Protection Laws may have on our business. Any significant change to Data Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations,
including without limitation, regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of customers for Processing is obtained, could
increase our costs and require us to modify our operations, possibly in a material manner, which we may be unable to complete and may
limit our ability to store and process customer data and operate our business. 

22 

Data Protection Laws are,
and are likely to remain, uncertain for the foreseeable future, and our actual or perceived failure to address or comply with these laws
could: increase our compliance and operational costs; limit our ability to market our products or services and attract new and retain
current customers; limit or eliminate our ability to Process; expose us to regulatory scrutiny, actions, investigations, fines and penalties;
result in reputational harm; lead to a loss of customers; reduce the use of our products or services; result in litigation and liability,
including class action litigation; cause to incur significant costs, expenses and fees (including attorney fees); cause a material adverse
impact to business operations or financial results, and; otherwise result in other material harm to our business Adverse Data
Protection Impact ). 

We are or may also be subject
to the terms of our external and internal privacy and security policies, codes, representations, certifications, industry standards,
publications and frameworks Privacy Policies and contractual obligations to third parties related to privacy, information
security and Processing, including contractual obligations to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences
of non-compliance with Data Protection Laws or other obligations Data Protection Obligations ). 

We strive to comply with
applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies and Data Protection Obligations to the extent possible, but we may at times fail to
do so, or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if
our employees, partners or vendors do not comply with applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies and Data Protection Obligations.
We may be subject to, and suffer an Adverse Data Protection Impact if we fail (or are perceived to have failed) to comply with applicable
Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies and Data Protection Obligations, if our Privacy Policies are, in whole or part, found to be inaccurate,
incomplete, deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. In addition, any such failure or perceived failure could
result in public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups, the media or others, which may cause us material reputational harm.
Our actual or perceived failure to comply with Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies and Data Protection Obligations could also subject
us to litigation, claims, proceedings, actions or investigations by governmental entities, authorities or regulators, which could result
in an Adverse Data Protection Impact, including required changes to our business practices, the diversion of resources and the attention
of management from our business, regulatory oversights and audits, discontinuance of necessary Processing or other remedies that adversely
affect our business. 

In the United States, these
include rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Electronic Communications Privacy
Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), and other state and federal laws
relating to privacy and data security. The CCPA, which among other things, establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses, including
an expansive definition of personal data and data privacy rights. The CCPA provides individual privacy rights for California residents
and places increased privacy and security obligations on covered businesses processing personal data. The CCPA requires covered businesses
to provide new disclosures to California residents and provide such individuals with ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal data.
The CCPA also provides a private right of action and statutory damages for violations, including for data breaches. To the extent applicable
to our business and operations, the CCPA may impact our business activities by increasing our compliance costs and potential liability
with respect to personal information that we or third parties with whom we contract to provide services maintain about California residents.
The CPRA will, among other things, give California residents the ability to limit use of certain sensitive personal data, further restrict
the use of cross-contextual advertising, establish restrictions on the retention of personal data, expand the types of data breaches
subject to the CCPA s private right of action, provide for increased penalties for CPRA violations concerning California residents
under the age of 16, and establish a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the law. These Data Protection
Laws (such as the CCPA and CPRA) exemplify the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal
data. 

Moreover, across the United
States, laws and regulations governing data privacy and security continue to develop and evolve. For example, Virginia enacted the Consumer
Data Protection Act CDPA that may impose obligations similar to or more stringent than those we may face under other
Data Protection Laws. Compliance with the CPRA, the CCPA, the CDPA and any newly enacted privacy and data security laws or regulations
may be challenging and cost- and time-intensive, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur
substantial costs and potential liability in an effort to comply with such legislation. The Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies and
Data Protection Obligations to which we are subject may significantly affect our business activities and many of these obligations may
contain ambiguous provisions creating uncertainty. Compliance with the requirements imposed by such Data Protection Laws and Data Protection
Obligations may require us to revise our business practices, allocate more resources to privacy and security, and implement new technologies.
Such efforts may result in significant costs to our business. Noncompliance could result in Adverse Data Protection Impact, including
proceedings against us by governmental and regulatory entities, collaborators, individuals or others. 

23 

We rely on a variety of
marketing techniques and practices, including email and social media marketing, online targeted advertising, and cookie-based Processing,
to sell our products and services and to attract new customers, and we, and our vendors, are subject to various current and future Data
Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations that govern marketing and advertising practices. Governmental authorities continue to
evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the use of third-party cookies and other methods of online tracking for behavioral
advertising and other purposes, such as by regulating the level of consumer notice and consent required before a company can employ cookies
or other electronic tracking tools or the use of data gathered with such tools. Additionally, some providers of consumer devices, web
browsers and application locations have implemented, or announced plans to implement, means to make it easier for Internet users to prevent
the placement of cookies or to block other tracking technologies, require additional consents or limit the ability to track user activity,
which could if widely adopted result in the use of third-party cookies and other methods of online tracking becoming significantly less
effective. Laws and regulations regarding the use of these cookies and other current online tracking and advertising practices or a loss
in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such technologies could increase our costs of operations and limit our ability
to acquire new customers on cost-effective terms, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

We are subject to
extensive government regulations that could result in claims leading to increased costs and restrict our ability to operate future franchises. 

We are subject to extensive
government regulation at the federal, state and local government levels, including by the FTC. These include, but are not limited to,
regulations relating to the preparation and sale of beverages, zoning and building codes, franchising, land use and employee, health,
sanitation and safety matters. We are, and our future franchise partners will be, required to obtain and maintain a wide variety of governmental
licenses, permits and approvals. Local authorities may suspend or deny renewal of our governmental licenses if they determine that our
operations do not meet the standards for initial grant or renewal. Difficulty or failure in obtaining them in the future could result
in delaying or canceling the opening of new locations and thus could harm our business. Any such failure could also subject us to liability
from our future franchise partners. 

Additionally, Congress has
a legislation proposal in process that could shift more liability for franchise partner employment practices onto franchisors. The federal
PROAct would codify the Browning-Ferris decision that redefined joint employment to include a broader category of conduct by the franchisor,
thereby increasing the possibility of Reborn being held liable for our future franchise partners employment practices. 

Beverage and restaurant
companies have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings that are costly, divert management attention and, if successful,
could result in our payment of substantial damages or settlement costs. 

Our business is subject
to the risk of litigation by employees, customers, competitors, landlords or neighboring businesses, suppliers, future franchise partners,
stockholders or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The
outcome of litigation, particularly class action and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. In recent years, beverage
and restaurant companies have been subject to lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, alleging violations of federal and state laws
regarding workplace and employment matters, discrimination and similar matters. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment
of substantial damages by the defendants. Similar lawsuits have been instituted from time to time alleging violations of various federal
and state wage and hour laws regarding, among other things, employee meal deductions, overtime eligibility of assistant managers and
failure to pay for all hours worked. While we have not been a party to any of these types of lawsuits in the past, there can be no assurance
that we will not be named in any such lawsuit in the future or that we would not be required to pay substantial expenses and/or damages. 

Occasionally, our customers
file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit
to one of our locations, including actions seeking damages resulting from food-borne illness or accidents in our locations. We also could
be subject to a variety of other claims from third parties arising in the ordinary course of our business, including contract claims. 

Regardless of whether any
claims against us are valid or whether we are liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations.
In addition, they may generate negative publicity, which could reduce customer traffic and sales. Although we maintain what we believe
to be adequate levels of insurance, insurance may not be available at all or in sufficient amounts to cover any liabilities with respect
to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims or any adverse publicity
resulting from claims could harm our business. 

24 

New information or
attitudes regarding diet and health or adverse opinions about the health effects of consuming our menu offerings, could affect consumer
preferences and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Government regulation and
consumer eating habits may impact our business as a result of changes in attitudes regarding diet and health or new information regarding
the health effects of consuming our menu offerings. These changes have resulted in, and may continue to result in, the enactment of laws
and regulations that impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our menu offerings, or laws and regulations requiring us to disclose
the nutritional content of our food offerings. 

We cannot make any assurances
regarding our ability to effectively respond to changes in consumer health perceptions or our ability to successfully implement the nutrient
content disclosure requirements and to adapt our menu offerings to trends in drinking and consumption habits. 

Risks Related to Our
Organizational Structure, this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Reborn Coffee, Inc.
is a holding company. 

Reborn Coffee, Inc. will
be a holding company, and has no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and its ability to pay taxes, operating expenses
and dividends in the future, if any, will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of Reborn Global and Reborn Franchise. 

The trading price
of our securities may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The trading price of our
securities is likely to be volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our
control. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock as you might be unable to sell
your shares at or above the price you paid for your shares. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common
stock include the risk factors set forth in this section as well as the following: 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

volatility
 in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks; 

changes
 in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally,
 or those in our industry in particular; 

sales
 of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 

failure
 of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities
 analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations
 of investors; 

changes
 in our financial, operating or other metrics, regardless of whether we consider those metrics
 as reflective of the current state or long-term prospects of our business, and how those
 results compare to securities analyst expectations, including whether those results fail
 to meet, exceed or significantly exceed securities analyst expectations, particularly in
 light of the significant portion of our revenue derived from a limited number of customers; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new products or services; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with
 the SEC; 

rumors
 and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations; 

actual
 or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors businesses or the competitive
 landscape generally; 

litigation
 involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or
 those of our competitors; 

25 

actual
 or perceived privacy or data security incidents; 

developments
 or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; 

announced
 or completed acquisitions of businesses, applications, products, services or technologies
 by us or our competitors; 

new
 laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to
 our business; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; 

any
 significant change in our management; and 

general
 political and economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets. 

In addition, in the past,
following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a particular company s securities, securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in
substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 

Our trading price
and trading volume could decline if securities or industry analysts do not publish research about our business, or if they publish unfavorable
research. 

Equity research analysts
do not currently provide coverage of our common stock, and we cannot assure that any equity research analysts will adequately provide
research coverage of our common stock after the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange. A lack of adequate research
coverage may harm the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. To the extent equity research analysts do provide research coverage
of our common stock, we will not have any control over the content and opinions included in their reports. The trading price of our common
stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or publish other unfavorable commentary or research.
If one or more equity research analysts cease coverage of our company, or fail to regularly publish reports on us, the demand for our
common stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our trading price or trading volume to decline. 

We will incur costs
and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the United States, which
may harm our business. 

As a public company listed
in the United States, we will incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations,
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and the Nasdaq Capital
Market, may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards
are subject to varying interpretations, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this
investment may result in increased selling, general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention
from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations,
and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 

These rules and regulations
could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or our board committees
or as executive officers. Our management and other personnel will devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives.
As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results.
We will need to hire more employees in the future to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. 

Our management team and
other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives and we may not successfully or efficiently manage our
transition to a public company. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will
need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting or internal audit
staff, which would require us to incur additional expenses and harm our results of operations. 

Failure to comply with these
rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance,
and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar
coverage. The impact of these events would also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our
board of directors, on committees of our board of directors or as members of senior management. 

26 

We are an emerging
growth company, and we intend to comply only with reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. As
a result, our common stock could be less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to
take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies,
including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our initial public offering (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of over 1.07 billion or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
or more as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter; (2) the date on which we have issued more than
 1 billion of non-convertible debt securities over a three-year period; and (3) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of our initial public offering. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these
exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may
be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile. 

General Risks 

Our quarterly and
annual results may fluctuate significantly and may not meet our expectations or those of investors or securities analysts. 

Our quarterly and annual
results of operations, including the levels of our revenue, deferred revenue, working capital, and cash flows, may vary significantly
in the future, such that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful. Our quarterly and annual financial
results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including,
but not limited to: 

the
 level of demand for our products; 

our
 ability to grow or maintain our dollar-based net retention rate, expand usage within organizations,
 and sell subscriptions; 

the
 timing and success of new features, integrations, capabilities, and enhancements by us to
 our products, or by our competitors to their products, or any other changes in the competitive
 landscape of our market; 

our
 ability to achieve widespread acceptance and use of our products; 

errors
 in our forecasting of the demand for our products, which would lead to lower revenue, increased
 costs, or both; 

security
 breaches, technical difficulties, or interruptions to our systems; 

pricing
 pressure as a result of competition or otherwise; 

the
 continued ability to hire high quality and experienced talent in a fiercely competitive environment; 

the
 timing of the grant or vesting of equity awards to employees, directors, or consultants; 

declines
 in the values of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar; 

changes
 in, and continuing uncertainty in relation to, the legislative or regulatory environment; 

legal
 and regulatory compliance costs in new and existing markets; 

costs
 and timing of expenses related to the potential acquisition of businesses, talent, technologies,
 or intellectual property, including potentially significant amortization costs and possible
 write-downs; 

environmental
 matters, such as wildfires, and health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, influenza,
 and other highly communicable diseases or viruses; 

adverse
 litigation judgments, other dispute-related settlement payments, or other litigation-related
 costs; and 

general
 economic conditions in either domestic or international markets, including geopolitical uncertainty
 and instability and their effects on beverage purchases. 

Any one or more of the factors
above may result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations, which may negatively impact the trading price of our common
stock. You should not rely on our past results as an indicator of our future performance. 

27 

Our outstanding indebtedness
could materially adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to operate our business, pursue our growth strategy, and react
to changes in the economy or industry. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 500,000 in principal amount outstanding
under U.S. Small Business Administration Loan No. 7331917406 under its Economic Injury Disaster Loan assistance program in light of the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which we refer to as our EIDL Loan, 144,375 in principal outstanding under the Paycheck Protection Program
Loan administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration and 50,898 in principal outstanding under our loans with Square Capital,
LLC. 

Our substantial debt could
have important consequences to you, including the following: 

it
 may be difficult for us to satisfy our obligations, including debt service requirements under
 our outstanding debt, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness; 

our
 ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service
 requirements or other general corporate purposes may be impaired; 

a
 substantial portion of cash flow from operations may be dedicated to the payment of principal
 and interest on our debt, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our
 operations, capital expenditures, future business opportunities, acquisitions and other general
 corporate purposes; 

we are more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse industry conditions
and our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business or industry are more limited; 

our
 ability to capitalize on business opportunities and to react to competitive pressures, as
 compared to our competitors, may be compromised due to our level of debt; and 

our
 ability to borrow additional funds or to refinance debt may be limited. 

A failure to establish
and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, could adversely affect our ability
to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations. 

As a public company, we
will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the applicable
listing standards of the Nasdaq Exchange. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our
legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming, and costly, and place significant
strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires,
among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act, is accumulated and
communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal controls over financial
reporting. For example, as we have prepared to become a public company, we have worked to improve the controls around our key accounting
processes and our quarterly close process. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources,
including accounting-related costs and investments to strengthen our accounting systems. 

Our current controls and
any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. In addition, changes in accounting
principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we establish new business processes, systems,
and controls to accommodate such changes. We have limited experience with implementing the systems and controls that will be necessary
to operate as a public company, as well as adopting changes in accounting principles or interpretations mandated by the relevant regulatory
bodies. Additionally, if these new systems, controls or standards and the associated process changes do not give rise to the benefits
that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial reporting systems and processes, our ability to
produce timely and accurate financial reports or the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business
may be harmed if we experience problems with any new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased
costs to correct any post-implementation issues that may arise. 

28 

Further, weaknesses in our
disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain
effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods.
Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of
periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be
filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of
our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq
Exchange. We are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and are therefore
not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. As a
public company, we are required to provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
commencing with our second annual report on Form 10-K. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until
after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. At such time, our independent registered
public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control
over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control
over financial reporting could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition and could cause a decline in the trading
price of our common stock. Changes in tax laws or regulations could be enacted or existing tax laws or regulations could be applied to
us or our customers in a manner that could increase the costs of our products and harm our business. 

We may engage in merger
and acquisition activities, which would require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

As part of our business
strategy to expand our product offerings and grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demand, and competitive
pressures, we have in the past and may in the future make investments or acquisitions in other companies, products or technologies. The
identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions
on favorable terms, if at all. These acquisitions may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve the goals of such
acquisition, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by customers or investors. We may encounter difficult or unforeseen
expenditures in integrating an acquisition, particularly if we cannot retain the key personnel of the acquired company. In addition,
if we fail to successfully integrate such acquisitions, or the assets, technologies or personnel associated with such acquisitions, into
our company, the business and results of operations of the combined company would be adversely affected. 

Acquisitions may disrupt
our ongoing operations, divert management from their primary responsibilities, subject us to additional liabilities, increase our expenses,
subject us to increased regulatory requirements, cause adverse tax consequences or unfavorable accounting treatment, expose us to claims
and disputes by stockholders and third parties, and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology and accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction,
including accounting charges. We may have to pay cash for any such acquisition which would limit other potential uses for our cash. If
we incur debt to fund any such acquisition, such debt may subject us to material restrictions in our ability to conduct our business,
result in increased fixed obligations, and subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would decrease our operational flexibility
and impede our ability to manage our operations. If we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions,
existing stockholders ownership would be diluted. 

We may need additional
capital, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. 

In the future, we may raise
additional capital through additional equity or debt financing to support our business growth, to respond to business opportunities, challenges
or unforeseen circumstances, or for other reasons. On an ongoing basis, we are evaluating sources of financing and may raise additional
capital in the future. Our ability to obtain additional capital will depend on our development efforts, business plans, investor demand,
operating performance, the condition of the capital markets, and other factors. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be
available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked
or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of existing stockholders, and existing
stockholders may experience dilution. Further, if we are unable to obtain additional capital when required, or are unable to obtain additional
capital on satisfactory terms, our ability to continue to support our business growth or to respond to business opportunities, challenges,
or unforeseen circumstances would be adversely affected. 

29 

Our amended and restated
articles of incorporation provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district
courts of the United States of America are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which
could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our amended and restated
articles of incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common
law: 

any
 derivative claim or cause of action brought on our behalf; 

any
 claim or cause of action for a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former
 directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 

any
 claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or
 other employees arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
 Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws
 (as each may be amended from time to time); 

any
 claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws
 (as each may be amended from time to time, including any right, obligation or remedy thereunder); 

any
 claim or cause of action as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction
 to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and 

any
 claim or cause of action against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or
 other employees governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 

This provision would not
apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts
have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will be in effect prior to the closing
of this offering will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant
to such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by us, our officers and directors,
the underwriters to any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional entity whose profession gives authority to
a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. If a court
were to find either choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or
unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. For example,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware recently determined that the exclusive forum provisions of federal district courts of
the United States of America for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act is not enforceable. 

These choice of forum provisions
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers, or other employees. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder
may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no
assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. We note that investors cannot waive compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Additionally, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provide that any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any
of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. 

30 

Our charter documents also
contain other provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect, such as: 

permitting
 the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly
 created directorships; 

providing
 that directors may only be removed pursuant to the provisions of Section 141(k) of the Delaware
 General Corporation Law; 

prohibiting
 cumulative voting for directors; 

requiring
 super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our amended and restated bylaws; 

authorizing
 the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could
 use to implement a stockholder rights plan; and 

eliminating
 the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders. 

Moreover, because we are
incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibit a
person who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date
of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is
approved in a prescribed manner. Any provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws
or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to
receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our
common stock. 

We do not intend to
pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We expect to
retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our
capital stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock
after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 

Catastrophic events
may disrupt our business. 

Labor discord or disruption,
geopolitical events, social unrest, war, terrorism, political instability, acts of public violence, boycotts, hostilities and social
unrest and other health pandemics that lead to avoidance of public places or cause people to stay at home could harm our business. Additionally,
natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global
economy, and thus could harm our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic, including the reactions of governments, markets, and
the general public, may result in a number of adverse consequences for our business, operations, and results of operations, many of which
are beyond our control. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications
failure, cyber-attack, war or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational
harm, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which would harm our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. In addition, the insurance we maintain would likely not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from disasters or other
business interruptions. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our executive office is located at 580 N. Berry Street, Brea, California
and our telephone number is (714) 784-6369. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 11 company-owned retail locations
across California, all of which are leased. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

The Company is subject to
various legal proceedings from time to time as part of its business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined
adversely to us, we believe would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows. However, legal proceedings are inherently uncertain. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter
or a combination of matters may be material to our results of operations for a particular period, depending upon the size of the loss
or our income for that particular period. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

31 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol REBN . 

Holders of Record 

As of April 7, 2023, there
were 13,163,126 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 412 stockholders of record. The number of
record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock
whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the
operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future
determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our financial
condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and
subject to the restrictions contained in any financing instruments. Our ability to declare dividends may also be limited by restrictive
covenants pursuant to any other future debt financing agreements. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See Item 12, Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, for information related to securities authorized
for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements
and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and with our audited consolidated
financial statements included in our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No: 333-261937), as amended (the Registration Statement ).
As discussed in the section titled Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, the following discussion and analysis contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect,
could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause
or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled
 Risk Factors in our Registration Statement. 

32 

Business 

Reborn Coffee is focused
on serving high quality, specialty-roasted coffee at retail locations, kiosks and cafes. We are an innovative company that strives for
constant improvement in the coffee experience through exploration of new technology and premier service, guided by traditional brewing
techniques. We believe Reborn differentiates itself from other coffee roasters through its innovative techniques, including sourcing,
washing, roasting, and brewing our coffee beans with a balance of precision and craft. 

Founded in 2015 by Jay Kim, our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kim and
his team launched Reborn Coffee with the vision of using the finest pure ingredients and pristine water. We currently serve customers
through our retail store locations in California: Brea, La Crescenta, Corona Del Mar, Laguna Woods, Manhattan Beach, Cabazon, Glendale,
Arcadia, Riverside, San Francisco and Irvine, with 3 other locations in development. We expect to open up to 20 company-owned retail
locations by the end of 2023. 

Reborn Coffee continues to elevate the high-end coffee experience
and we received 1st place traditional still in America s Best Cold Brew competition by Coffee Fest in 2017 in Portland
and 2018 in Los Angeles. 

The Experience, Reborn 

As leading pioneers of the emerging Fourth
Wave movement, Reborn Coffee is redefining specialty coffee as an experience that demands much more than premium quality. We consider
ourselves leaders of the fourth wave coffee movement because we are constantly developing our bean processing methods,
researching design concepts, and reinventing new ways of drinking coffee. For instance, the current transition from the K-Cup trend to
the pour over drip concept allowed us to reinvent the way people consume coffee, by merging convenience and quality. We took the pour
over drip concept and made it available and affordable to the public through our Reborn Coffee Pour Over packs. Our Pour Over Packs allow
our consumers to consume our specialty coffee outdoors and on-the-go. 

Our success in innovating within the fourth
wave coffee movement is measured by our success in B2B sales with our introduction of Reborn Coffee Pour Over Packs to hotels.
With the introduction of our Pour Over Packs to major hotels (including one hotel company with 7 locations), our B2B sales increased
as these companies recognized the convenience and functionality our Pour Over Packs serve to their customers. 

Reborn Coffee s continuous Research and
Development is essential to developing new parameters in the production of new blends. Our first place position in America s
Best Cold Brew competition by Coffee Fest in 2017 in Portland and 2018 in Los Angeles is a testament to the way we believe we
lead the fourth wave movement by example. 

Centered around its core values of service, trust,
and well-being, Reborn Coffee delivers an appreciation of coffee as both a science and an art. Developing innovative processes such as
washing green coffee beans with magnetized water, we challenge traditional preparation methods by focusing on the relationship between
water chemistry, health, and flavor profile. Leading research studies, testing brewing equipment, and refining roasting/brewing methods
to a specific, Reborn Coffee proactively distinguishes exceptional quality from good quality by starting at the foundation and paying
attention to the details. Our mission places an equal emphasis on humanizing the coffee experience, delivering a fresh take on farm-to-table 
by sourcing internationally. In this way, Reborn Coffee creates opportunities to develop transparency by paying homage to origin stories
and spark new conversations by building cross-cultural communities united by a passion for the finest coffee. 

Through a broad product offering, Reborn Coffee
provides customers with a wide variety of beverages and coffee options. As a result, we believe we can capture share of any experience
where customers seek to consume great beverages whether in our inviting store atmospheres which are designed for comfort, or on the go
through our pour over packs, or at home with our whole bean ground coffee bags. We believe that the retail coffee market in the US is
large and growing. According to IBIS, in 2021, the retail market for coffee in the United States is expected to be 46.2 billion. This
is expected to grow due to a shift in consumer preferences to premium coffee, including specialized blends, espresso-based beverages,
and cold brew options. Reborn aims to capture a growing portion of the market as we expand and increase consumer awareness of our brand. 

33 

Current Operations 

We have a production and distribution center
at our headquarters that we use to process and roast coffee for wholesale and retail distribution. 

Currently, we have the following
eleven retail coffee locations: 

La
 Floresta Shopping Village in Brea, California; 

La
 Crescenta, California; 

Corona
 Del Mar, California; 

Home
 Depot Center in Laguna Woods, California; 

Manhattan
 Village at Manhattan Beach, California. 

Cabazon,
 California; 

Glendale
 Galleria in Glendale, California; 

Santa
 Anita Westfield Mall in Arcadia, California; 

Galleria
 at Tyler in Riverside, California; 

Stonestown
 Galleria in San Francisco, California; and 

Intersect
 in Irvine, California. 

Components of Our Results of Operations 

Revenue 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance
with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company s net revenue primarily consists of revenues from its retail locations
and wholesale and online store. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue as follows: 

Retail Store Revenue 

Retail store revenues are recognized when payment is tendered at the
point of sale. Retail store revenues are reported net of sales, use or other transaction taxes that are collected from customers and
remitted to taxing authorities. Sales taxes that are payable are recorded as accrued as other current liabilities. Retail store revenue
makes up approximately 98 of the Company s total revenue. 

Wholesale and Online Revenue 

Wholesale
and online revenues are recognized when the products are delivered, and title passes to customers or to the wholesale distributors. When
customers pick up the products at the Company s warehouse, or the products are delivered to the wholesale distributors, the title
of the products passes and revenue is recognized. Wholesale revenues make up approximately 2 of the Company s total revenue. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales includes costs associated with
generating revenue within our company-owned retail locations and through wholesale and online platform. 

Shipping and Handling Costs 

The Company incurred freight out cost and is included in the Company s
cost of sale. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expense includes store-related
expense as well as the Company s corporate headquarters expenses. 

34 

Advertising Expense 

Advertising expenses are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expenses amounted to 52,688 and 82,351 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are recorded under
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Pre-opening Costs 

Pre-opening costs for new stores, which are not
material, consist primarily of payroll and recruiting expense, training, marketing, rent, travel, and supplies, and are expensed as incurred
depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the lease term, including renewal periods that are reasonably assured. 

Results of Operations 

The following tables present
the summary of historical consolidated financial data for Reborn Coffee, Inc. and its subsidiaries for the periods and at the dates indicated.
The summary of historical consolidated statements of income data and summary historical consolidated statements of cash flows data presented
below for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Historical results are not
necessarily indicative of the results expected for any future period. You should read the summary of historical consolidated financial
data below, together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenues: 

Stores 
 3,184,491 
 2,204,201 
 
 Wholesale and online 
 56,032 
 75,871 
 
 Total net revenues 
 3,240,523 
 2,280,072 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Product, food and drink costs stores 
 1,092,573 
 821,713 
 
 Cost of sales wholesale and online 
 24,542 
 33,231 
 
 General and administrative 
 5,663,950 
 3,988,805 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 6,781,065 
 4,843,749 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (3,540,542 
 (2,563,677 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 16,440 
 7,631 
 
 Paycheck protection program (PPP) loan forgiven income 
 - 
 115,000 
 
 Interest expense 
 (29,195 
 (16,172 
 
 Loss of extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (982,383 
 
 Total other expense 
 (12,755 
 (875,924 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (3,553,297 
 (3,439,601 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 1,600 
 800 
 
 Net loss 
 (3,554,897 
 (3,440,401 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic and diluted 
 (0.29 
 (0.32 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 
 12,173,031 
 10,724,944 

Revenues. Revenues
were approximately 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing
an increase of approximately 960,000, or 42.1 . The increase in sales for the periods was primarily driven by the opening of new locations,
and to the continued focus on marketing efforts to grow brand recognition. 

Product, food and drink
costs. Product, food and drink costs were approximately 1,093,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 822,000 for the
comparable period in 2021, representing an increase of approximately 271,000, or 33.0 . The increase in costs was partially driven by
the opening of new locations and the overall increase in sales for the period. 

General and administrative
expenses. General and administrative expenses were approximately 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4.0
million for the comparable period in the prior year, representing an increase of approximately 1.7 million, or 42.0 . The increase was
mainly caused by increased occupancy expenses and labor costs with opening of new locations. 

35 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have a history of operating losses and negative cash flow in operating
activities. We have incurred recurring net losses, including net losses from operations before income taxes of 3.5 million and 2.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We used 3.3 million and 1.9 million of cash for operating activities the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we had an accumulated deficit of 12,031,801 at December 31, 2022. These factors
raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern, and our independent registered public accounting firm has included
a going concern uncertainty explanatory paragraph in their report for 2022. 

Our cash needs will depend on numerous factors,
including our revenues, completion of our product development activities, customer and market acceptance of our product, and our ability
to reduce and control costs. We expect to devote substantial capital resources to, among other things, fund operations and continue development
plans. 

In August 2022, the Company consummated the IPO
of 1,440,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 5.00 per share, generating gross proceeds of 7,200,000. Net proceeds
from the IPO were approximately 6.2 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses of approximately
 998,000. 

To support our existing and
planned business model, the Company needs to raise additional capital to fund our future operations. The Company has not experienced any
difficulty in raising funds through loans, and has not experienced any liquidity problems in settling payables in the normal course of
business and repaying loans when they fall due. Successful renewal of our loans, however, is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
In addition, the increasingly competitive industry conditions under which we operate may negatively impacted our results of operations
and cash flows. Additional debt financing is anticipated to fund the Company s operations in near future. However, there are no
current agreements or understandings with regard to the form, time or amount of such financing and there is no assurance that any of this
financing can be obtained or that the Company can continue as a going concern. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Statement of Cash Flow Data: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,297,058 
 (1,949,820 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (681,531 
 (498,224 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 6,092,573 
 3,224,527 

Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 3.3 million, which resulted from net loss of 3.5 million, non-cash
charges of 441,000 for stock compensation and 210,616 for depreciation and net cash outflows of 414,842 from changes in operating assets
and liabilities. The net cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily the result of increases in inventory
of 43,466, prepaid and other assets of 521,176, partially offset by increase of 150,580 in accrued liabilities. 

Net cash used in operating activities during
the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 1.9 million, which resulted from net loss of 3.4 million, non-cash charges of 550,000
for stock compensation, 982,383 of loss on extinguishment of debt and 174,696 for depreciation, and net cash outflows of 101,498 from
changes in operating assets and liabilities. The net cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily the
result of increases in inventories of 73,598, prepaids and other assets of 132,059 and a decrease in accounts payable of 27,571, partially
offset by increases of 127,877 in accrued liabilities. 

Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 681,531 and 498,224, respectively, These expenditures in each period are primarily related
to purchases of property and equipment in connection with current and future location openings and maintaining our existing locations. 

Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6.1 million, which was primarily a proceeds from the IPO, net of offering expenses of approximately
 998,000. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2021 was 3.2 million, primarily due to approximately 2.7 million received from the common stock issuance
and 1.0 million from the loans, offset by approximately 492,000 of repayments of borrowings. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had total assets of approximately 8.5 million. Our cash balance as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 3.0 million. 

36 

Credit Facilities 

Loans with Square Capital 

In August 2022, the Company entered into loan
agreements with Square Capital in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 with loan costs of 12,215. The loan payable has a maturity
date on February 2, 2024. As of December 31, 2022, there was a balance outstanding of 50,898. 

Economic Injury Disaster
Loan 

On May 16, 2020, the Company
executed the EIDL Loan from the SBA under its EIDL assistance program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s
business. As of December 31, 2022, the loan payable, EIDL Loan noted above is not in default. 

Pursuant to the SBA Loan
Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of the EIDL Loan of 500,000, with proceeds to be used for working capital
purposes. Interest accrues at the rate of 3.75 per annum and will accrue only on funds actually advanced from the date of each advance.
Installment payments, including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning May 16, 2021 (twelve months from the date of the SBA
Loan Agreement) in the amount of 731. The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty years from the date of the SBA Loan. In
connection therewith, the Company also received a 10,000 grant, which does not have to be repaid. During the year ended December 31,
2020, 10,000 was recorded in Economy injury disaster loan (EIDL) grant income in the Statements of Operations. The schedule of payments
on this loan was later deferred to commence 24 months from the date of loan and the Company had paid the payments since May 2022. 

In connection therewith, the Company executed
(i) a loan for the benefit of the SBA, which contains customary events of default and (ii) a Security Agreement, granting the SBA a security
interest in all tangible and intangible personal property of the Company, which also contains customary events of default (the SBA
Security Agreement ). 

Paycheck Protection Program
Loan 

In May 2020, the Company secured a loan under
the PPP administered by the SBA in the amount of 115,000. In February 2021, the Company secured a second loan under this program in
the amount of approximately 167,000. The interest rate of the loan is 1.00 per annum and accrues on the unpaid principal balance computed
on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days. Commencing seven months after the effective date of each PPP
Loan, the Company is required to pay the Lender equal monthly payments of principal and interest as required to fully amortize any unforgiven
principal balance of the loan by the two-year anniversary of the effective date of the loan. The PPP Loan contains customary events of
default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, making materially false or misleading representations to the SBA or the Lender,
or breaching the terms of the PPP Loan. The occurrence of an event of default may result in the repayment of all amounts outstanding
under the PPP Loan, collection of all amounts owing from the Company, or filing suit and obtaining judgment against the Company. Under
the terms of the CARES Act, PPP loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of the loan granted under
the PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of loan proceeds for payment of payroll costs
and any payments of mortgage interest, rent, and utilities. Recent modifications to the PPP by the U.S. Treasury and Congress have extended
the time period for loan forgiveness beyond the original eight-week period, making it possible for the Company to apply for forgiveness
of its PPP loan. The Company was granted forgiveness for the initial PPP Loan prior to December 31, 2021 and expects to be granted forgiveness
on the remainder subsequently. 

37 

Leases 

Operating Leases 

We currently lease all company-owned retail locations.
Operating leases typically contain escalating rentals over the lease term, as well as optional renewal periods. Rent expense for operating
leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term and begins when Reborn has the right to use the property. The difference
between rent expense and cash payment is recorded as deferred rent on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Pre-opening rent
is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Tenant incentives
used to fund leasehold improvements are recorded in deferred rent and amortized as reductions to rent expense over the term of the lease. 

Income Taxes 

Reborn files income tax returns in the U.S. federal
and California state jurisdictions. 

Upon the closing of this offering, we will be
taxed at the prevailing U.S. corporate tax rates. We will be treated as a U.S. corporation and a regarded entity for U.S. federal, state
and local income taxes. Accordingly, a provision will be recorded for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations
for U.S. federal, state and foreign income taxes. 

JOBS Act Accounting Election 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements for up to
five years or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging
growth company can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until those standards apply to private companies. We have
elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the
financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that we are required to disclose pursuant to these regulations. In the ordinary course of business, we enter into operating lease commitments,
purchase commitments and other contractual obligations. These transactions are recognized in our financial statements in accordance with
GAAP. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 

The preparation of financial statements requires
management to utilize estimates and make judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. The estimates are evaluated by management on an ongoing basis, and
the results of these evaluations form a basis for making decisions about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Although actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, management
believes that the estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements are reasonable. The critical accounting policies affecting
our financial reporting are summarized in Note 2 to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

We have determined that all other issued, but
not yet effective accounting pronouncements are inapplicable or insignificant to us and once adopted are not expected to have a material
impact on our financial position. 

38 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by 17 C.F.R. 229 (10)(f)(i)
and are not required to provide information under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management has evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2022.
Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (a) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by
SEC rules and forms and (b) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding any required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Due to a transition period established by SEC rules applicable to
newly public companies, our management is not required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
until after the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. As a result, this Quarterly Report does
not address whether there have been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Under SEC rules and regulations,
because we are considered to be a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by
this item in this report. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data required by this Item 8 are incorporated by reference to information beginning on Page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act (a) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC rules and forms and (b) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding any required disclosure. 

39 

Management
has identified control deficiencies regarding inadequate accounting resources, the lack of segregation of duties and the need for a stronger
internal control environment. Management of the Company believes that these material weaknesses are due to the small size of the Company s
accounting staff. The small size of the Company s accounting outsourced staff may prevent adequate controls in the future due to
the cost/benefit of such remediation. 

To
mitigate the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with
the use of external legal and accounting professionals. As we grow, we expect to increase our number of employees, which will enable
us to implement adequate segregation of duties within the internal control framework. 

These
control deficiencies could result in a misstatement of account balances that would result in a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement to our financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of this material weakness, we performed
additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that despite our material
weaknesses, our financial statements for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance
with GAAP. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Due
to a transition period established by SEC rules applicable to newly public companies, our management is not required to evaluate the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ending December 31, 2022. As a result, this Annual Report does not address whether there have been any changes in our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of
possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

40 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Current Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table provides information regarding
our executive officers and members of our board of directors as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officers 

Jay Kim 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Stephan Kim 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Non-Employee, Independent Directors 

Farooq M. Arjomand 
 
 64 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Independent
 Director 
 
 Dennis R. Egidi 
 
 76 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Independent
 Director 
 
 Sehan Kim 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director 

Background of Executive Officers and Directors 

Jay Kim, age 60, Chief
Executive Officer and Director 

Mr. Kim has served as the
Chief Executive Officer of Reborn Coffee since the inception of the Company in 2014. On July 1, 2007, Mr. Kim previously founded
Wellspring Industry, Inc., which created the yogurt distribution company Tutti Frutti and the bakery-caf franchise
 O My Buns. Tutti Frutti grew to approximately 700 agents worldwide that offered self-serve frozen yogurt. Mr. Kim
sold the majority ownership of Wellspring to group of investors in 2017 to focus his efforts on Reborn Coffee. 

Prior to beginning Wellspring
Mr. Kim was the owner of Coffee Roasters in Riverside, California from 2002 to 2007. Mr. Kim worked as the project manager for JES Inc.,
based in Brea, CA from 1997 to 2002 where he coordinated and managed environmental engineering projects. Mr. Kim worked as a Senior Process
Engineer for Allied Signal Environment Catalyst in Tulsa, Oklahoma, from 1992 to 1997 where he coordinated and implemented projects related
to plant productivity. He also acted as the leader in start-up plant to be based in Mexico for Allied Signal. From 1988 to 1992 Mr. Kim
worked as the plant start-up engineer for Toyota Auto Body Inc. 

Mr. Kim has a B.S, in Chemical
Engineering from California State University at Long Beach and followed a Chemical office basic at US Army Chemical School in 1988. He
was commissioned 1st. LT. of the US Army in 1986 and retired from the US Army in 1988. 

Stephan Kim, age
46, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Kim has served as the
full-time Chief Financial Officer of the Company since June 26, 2022. Prior to joining Reborn Coffee, Mr. Kim provided professional accounting
and tax consulting services for nearly 20 years to various clients in the consumer retail, healthcare, industrial manufacturing, and
technology industries, including public accounting and tax consulting services under his own practice since 2011. Throughout his career
as a public accountant, controller and banker in the US and South Korea, Mr. Kim has obtained broad and in-depth expertise on international
accounting, finance, taxes and Sarbanes-Oxley 404 compliance. Mr. Kim graduated from Sogang University in South Korea with a B.A. in
Sociology and Business in 2002 and earned a Master s degree in Professional Accountancy from Indiana University in 2005. Mr. Kim
began his career in 2002 as a banker with Shinhan Bank in South Korea. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Kim was an Audit Manager at KPMG, Los Angeles
office. 

41 

Non-Employee Directors 

Farooq M. Arjomand,
age 64, Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Farooq Arjomand has served
as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Reborn Global since January 2015, and took over as the Chairman of the Board of Reborn Coffee
Inc. on May 7, 2018. In 1984, he started his career as a banker with HSBC and gained experience across all departments namely,
private banking, corporate finance, trade services, and investment banking. During his stint with HSBC, he also became the founding member
of Amlak Finance Emmar Properties in 1997. Mr. Arjomand founded the Arjomand Group of companies in 2000 and has served as
chief executive officer since that company s inception. Based in Dubai, the Arjomand Group conducts various activities including
real estate, manufacturing, trades, financial activities and aviation across the GCC, Asia, Europe and the US. 

Mr. Arjomand has also served
as the Chairman of DAMAC Properties, a leading developer in the Middle East and as a board member of Al Ahlia Insurance Company BSC,
Bahrain. Mr. Arjomand also serves as Managing Partner of Barakat Group. Barakat Group has been involved in the manufacturing of juices
and food stuffs for the past 30 years. Mr. Arjomand is a citizen of the United Arab Emirates. He graduated with a Business Management
degree from Seattle Pacific University in Seattle, Washington. 

Dennis R. Egidi, age
76, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Mr. Egidi is a licensed
real estate broker in the State of Illinois. Additionally, Mr. Egidi was awarded the CPM designation through the Institute of Real
Estate Management. He holds a bachelor s degree in civil engineering and attended graduate school in Civil Engineering at the University
of Detroit. 

Mr. Egidi joined Reborn
Coffee Inc. as a Director and the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors in June of 2020. Mr. Egidi formed DRE, Inc., an Illinois real
estate development company in 1993, developing over 30 affordable housing projects in Illinois, Ohio, Indiana, Iowa, and California,
totaling approximately 5,000 units. Today, he continues to serve as President of DRE, Inc., and acts as Managing General Partner of 15
limited partnerships, of which 5 have been redeveloped over the past 5 years. 

In addition, Mr. Egidi served
as President and Chairman of the board of Promex Midwest, a real estate property management firm. He has been involved in all phases
of management in the commercial, residential and industrial building fields in the Midwest. Mr. Egidi has extensive knowledge and experience
in the construction industry, having served as Executive Vice President and Chief Estimator for Corbetta Construction Company of Illinois,
and then for Contractors and Engineers, Inc. During his 25 years of experience in the construction industry, he was involved in all types
of projects ranging from multifamily housing, historical rehabs, high-rise office buildings and shopping centers. 

Mr. Egidi and DRE also have
experience in the food service industry having developed fast food pizza stores in central Illinois under the Rocky Rococo brand in the
1980s. He was also a principal partner in Cookie Associates of Houston, Texas. Cookie Associates owned and operated 34 Great American
Cookie stores and kiosks in the Houston market. Most recently, Mr. Egidi, as a principal of TF Investors LLC, was a franchisor
of eight Tutti Frutti Frozen Yogurt franchises located in France and England. 

Sehan Kim, age 69,
Director 

Sehan Kim has been a Director
of Reborn Global since January 2015. Sehan Kim joined Magitech Incorporation in 2013 as Vice President of Operations. He oversees operations
and management in water, and beverage businesses at Magitech Corporation. He led the major projects at Magitech to install the ERP system
and the cold brewed coffee extraction systems. 

Prior to this position,
Sehan Kim from 2005 to 2011, was Senior Vice President at Korean Air Co., Ltd. Korean Air ). He was the Head of the Aerospace
Division at Korean Air. Prior to that, Sehan Kim was vice president and general manager of the Commercial Aerostructure Businesses at
Korean Air from 2001 to 2005, which supplied various aircraft structural components to major commercial airplane manufacturers, including
Airbus, Boeing and Embraer. 

From January 1994 to February
1997 Mr. Kim worked as a Korean Air representative at Boeing in Seattle, Washington, and had on the job training in configuration management
at Northrop Aircraft company in Los Angeles, for the Korean Fighter Coproduction Program in 1981. He joined Korean Air in August 1979
as an Aerospace structural engineer. Mr. Sehan Kim studied Aerospace Engineering at Seoul National University in 1973 through 1977 and
holds a master s Degree in business management from Busan National University. 

42 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our executive officers or directors. 

Board Composition 

Our business and affairs
are managed under the direction of our board of directors, a majority of which are independent (i.e., Farooq M. Arjomand, Dennis R. Egidi,
and Sehan Kim). We have four directors with no vacancies. Our current directors will continue to serve as directors until their resignation,
removal or successor is duly elected. 

Our certificate of incorporation
and our bylaws permit our board of directors to establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. Each director
serves until the expiration of the term for which such director was elected or appointed, or until such director s earlier death,
resignation or removal. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

As of the filing of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are no legal proceedings, and during the past ten years there have been no legal proceedings, that
are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors, director nominees or executive officers. 

Committees of Our Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
established a compensation committee and an audit committee. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our board
of directors are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board
of directors. Our board of directors may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Audit Committee 

As of the date of this filing,
our audit committee consists of Farooq M. Arjomand, Dennis R. Egidi and Sehan Kim. Each member of our audit committee can read and understand
fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements. The chair of our audit committee is Farooq M. Arjomand,
who our board of directors has determined is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations.
In arriving at these determinations, our board of directors has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and
the nature of their employment in the corporate finance sector. 

The principal duties and
responsibilities of our audit committee include, among other things: 

hiring
 and selecting a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm
 to audit our financial statements; 

helping
 to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting
 firm; 

helping
 to maintain and foster an open avenue of communication between management and the independent
 registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm,
 and reviewing, with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, our
 interim and year-end operating results; 

developing
 procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or
 audit matters; 

reviewing
 our policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing
 related party transactions; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually,
 that describes its internal quality-control procedures, any material issues with such procedures,
 and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law; and 

approving
 (or, as permitted, pre-approving) all audit and all permissible non-audit services to be
 performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Our audit committee operates
under a written charter that satisfies the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

43 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee
consists of Farooq M. Arjomand, Dennis R. Egidi and Sehan Kim. The chair of our compensation committee is Dennis R. Egidi. 

The principal duties and
responsibilities of our compensation committee include, among other things: 

approving
 the retention of compensation consultants and outside service providers and advisors; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our board of directors approve, the compensation, individual
 and corporate performance goals and objectives and other terms of employment of our executive
 officers, including evaluating the performance of our chief executive officer and, with his
 assistance, that of our other executive officers; 

reviewing
 and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of our directors; 

administering
 our equity and non-equity incentive plans; 

reviewing
 our practices and policies of employee compensation as they relate to alignment of incentives; 

reviewing
 and evaluating succession plans for the executive officers; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our board of directors approve, incentive compensation
 and equity plans; and 

reviewing
 and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees
 and reviewing our overall compensation philosophy. 

Our compensation committee
operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks 

None of the members of the
compensation committee are currently, or have been at any time, one of our executive officers or employees. None of our executive officers
currently serve, or have served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that
has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee. In accordance with the Nasdaq Stock Exchange corporate governance standards, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors
can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing
nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

44 

We expect to expand our
board of directors in the future to include additional independent directors. In adding additional members to our board of directors,
we will consider each candidate s independence, skills and expertise based on a variety of factors, including the person s
experience or background in management, finance, regulatory matters and corporate governance. Further, when identifying nominees to serve
as a director, we expect that our board of directors will seek to create a board of directors that is strong in its collective knowledge
and has a diversity of skills and experience with respect to accounting and finance, management and leadership, vision and strategy,
business operations, business judgment, industry knowledge and corporate governance. 

Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics 

In filing our Registration
Statement on Form S-1 on July 3, 2017, we adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all our employees, officers and
directors. This includes our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions. The full text of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be posted on our website at www.reborncoffee.com.
We intend to disclose on our website any future amendments of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or waivers that exempt any principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, persons performing similar functions or our
directors from provisions in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our
website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider information on our website
to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risk and Compensation
Policies 

We have analyzed our compensation
programs and policies to determine whether those programs and policies are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

Compliance with Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities.
These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations
from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation Philosophy 

Our compensation philosophy includes: 

pay for performance; 

fair compensation that is competitive with market standards; 

compensation mix according to growth stage of our company as
well as job level; and 

incentivizing employees to work for long-term sustainable and
profitable growth of our company. 

45 

Objective of Executive Compensation Program 

The objective of our compensation program is to provide a fair and
competitive compensation package in the industry to each named executive officer NEO that will enable us to: 

attract and hire outstanding individuals to achieve our mid-term
and long-term visions; 

motivate, develop and retain employees; and 

align the financial interests of each named executive officer
with the interests of our stakeholders including stockholders and encourage each named executive officer to contribute to enhance value
of the Company. 

Our named executive officers for the year 2022, which consist of our
principal executive officers, were: 

Jay Kim, President and Chief Executive Officer; and 

Stephan Kim, Chief Financial Officer. 

Administration 

Following the consummation of this offering, our Compensation Committee,
which includes two independent directors, will oversee our executive compensation program and will be responsible for approving the nature
and amount of the compensation paid to our NEOs. The committee will also administer our equity compensation plan and awards. 

Elements of Compensation 

Our compensation program for NEOs consists of the following elements
of compensation, each described in greater depth below: 

base salaries; 

performance-based bonuses; 

equity-based incentive compensation; and 

general benefits. 

Base Salary 

Base salaries are an annual fixed level of cash compensation to reflect
each NEO s performance, role and responsibilities, and retention considerations. 

Performance-Based Bonus 

To incentivize management to drive strong operating performance and
reward achievement of our company s business goals, our executive compensation program includes performance-based bonuses for NEOs.
Our Compensation Committee has established annual target performance-based bonuses for each NEO during the first quarter of the fiscal
year. 

Equity Compensation 

We may pay equity-based compensation to our NEOs in order to link
our long-term results achieved for our stockholders and the rewards provided to NEOs, thereby ensuring that such NEOs have a continuing
stake in our long-term success. 

General Benefits 

Our NEOs are provided with other fringe benefits that we believe are
commonly provided to similarly situated executives. 

46 

Summary Compensation Table Officers 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the compensation of our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Name
 and principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Non-equity 
 Incentive plan compensation 
 Change
 in Pension Value and Nonqualified deferred compensation 
 All
 other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Jay
 Kim Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 144,000 
 200,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 344,000 

Stephan
 Kim Chief Financial Officer (1) 
 2022 
 83,000 
 -0- 
 56,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 139,000 

Jay
 Kim Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 50,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 50,000 

Kevin
 Hartley Former Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 10,000 
 -0- 
 200 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 10,200 

(1) Effective July 27, 2022, the Company executed an employment
agreement with Stephan Kim for Mr. Kim to serve as full time Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective immediately. Mr.
Kim shall receive a monthly payment of 12,000 144,000 annually) as compensation for his services, and the Company granted 56,000
worth of shares of RSU, which will be vested in 3 months after employment and can be sold after one year. The terms of the RSUs will
be set out in a separate RSU agreement to be executed in the near future. The employment agreement is an at-will agreement and is terminable
by either party at any time. A copy of the agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.11. 

(2) We entered into a consulting agreement on September 15, 2021
with Kevin Hartley for his services as CFO of the Company pursuant to which Mr. Hartley received 10,000 per year and additional compensation
in the form of shares common stock. Effective July 27, 2022, Mr. Hartley amicably resigned as CFO of the Company and Stephan Kim was
appointed as new full-time CFO of the Company. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding equity awards for
each of the NEOs. 

Director Compensation 

No compensation was paid to our non-employee
directors for services rendered during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

47 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of December
31, 2022, information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock by: 

each person, or group
 of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; 

each of our directors; 

each of our named executive
 officers; and 

all of our current
 executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 13,163,126 shares of our Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants or rights as these
warrants and rights are not exercisable or convertible within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Except as otherwise noted below, the address for each person or entity
listed in the table is c/o Reborn Coffee Inc., 580 N. Berry St. Brea, CA 92821. 

Number of Shares 
 Percentage of Shares 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Beneficially Owned 
 
 5 or Greater Stockholders 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Jay Kim, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2,520,333 
 19.1 
 
 Stephan Kim, Chief Financial Officer 
 11,200 
 0.1 
 
 Farooq M. Arjomand, Chairman of the Board 
 3,648,631 
 27.7 
 
 Dennis R. Egidi, Vice Chairman of the Board 
 1,242,792 
 9.4 
 
 Sehan Kim, Director 
 382,273 
 2.9 
 
 Hannah Goh, Former Director 
 1,000,001 
 7.6 

All directors, directors nominees and executive officers as a group (6 persons): 
 8,805,230 
 66.8 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

48 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 

We do not currently have a formal, written policy or procedure for
the review and approval of related party transactions. However, all related party transactions are currently reviewed and approved by
our NEOs. 

Our board of directors has adopted a written related person transaction
policy, effective upon the closing of the IPO, which sets forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification
of related party transactions. This policy will be administrated by our Audit Committee. These policies will provide that, in determining
whether or not to recommend the initial approval or ratification of a related party transaction, the relevant facts and circumstances
available shall be considered, including, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether the interested transaction is on terms no
less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of
the related party s interest in the transaction. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq rules require that
a majority of the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq be composed of independent directors, which is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship,
which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In addition, the director must not be precluded from qualifying as independent under
the per se bars set forth by the Nasdaq rules. Our Board has undertaken a review of its composition, the composition of its committees
and the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his
or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. Based upon information requested from and
provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our Board of
Directors has determined that each of the directors on our Board, other than Jay Kim are independent directors under the Nasdaq listing
rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Indemnification Agreements 

We have entered into indemnification
agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify each director
and executive officer to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, including indemnification of expenses such as attorneys 
fees, judgments, penalties, fines and settlement amounts incurred by the director or executive officer in any action or proceeding, including
any action or proceeding by or in right of us, arising out of the person s services as a director or executive officer. 

Our certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that limit the liability of our current and former directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted
by Delaware law. Additionally, a director is not personally liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director (i)
for any breach of his or her duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 

49 

Our certificate of incorporation
authorizes us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our bylaws
provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law and may indemnify
our other employees and agents. Our bylaws also provide that, on satisfaction of certain conditions, we will advance expenses incurred
by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of
whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Delaware law. We have entered and expect to continue
to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors.
With certain exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including attorneys fees, judgments,
fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe these provisions in our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws and these indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and
officers. We also maintain customary directors and officers liability insurance. 

The limitation of liability
and indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors
and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers as required
by these indemnification provisions. 

Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted for directors, executive officers or persons controlling us, we have
been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is
therefore unenforceable. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and All Other Fees 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Kreit Chiu CPA LLP for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. 
 60,000 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 

As of the date of this filing,
our audit committee consists of Farooq M. Arjomand, Dennis R. Egidi and Sehan Kim. Each member of our audit committee can read and understand
fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements. The chair of our audit committee is Farooq M. Arjomand,
who our board of directors has determined is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations.
In arriving at these determinations, our board of directors has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and
the nature of their employment in the corporate finance sector. 

50 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

(2) Financial Statements Schedule 

All financial statement schedules are omitted
because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial
statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. 

(b) Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (Delaware), dated July 27,
 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 2, 2022) 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Registrant (Delaware) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 to Amendment No. 5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 2, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (Delaware) (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 2, 2022) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated May 7, 2018 by
 and among Capax, Reborn and each of the RB shareholders (incorp orated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement (Lockup) by and among
 Registrant, officers and directors of Registrant and EF Hutton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 2 to our
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnity Agreement
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Shopping Center Lease by and between Reborn Global
 Holdings, Inc. and La Floresta Regency, LLC, effective July 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No.
 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Standard Industrial/ Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease,
 as amended, by and between Reborn Global Holdings, Inc. and Foothill Crescenta, LLC, effective December 6, 2016 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Shopping Center Lease by and between Reborn Global
 Holdings, Inc. and Sibling Associates, LLC, effective July 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 2
 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 Standard Lease by and between Reborn Global Holdings,
 Inc. and El Toro, LP, effective February 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.8 
 
 Long Term Kiosk License Agreement by and between
 Reborn Global Holdings, Inc. and Tyler Mall Limited Partnership, effective February 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.8 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

51 

10.9 
 
 Long Term Kiosk License Agreement by and between
 Reborn Global Holdings, Inc. and Stonestown Shopping Center, LP, effective December 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.9 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.10 
 
 Long Term Kiosk License Agreement by and between
 Reborn Global Holdings, Inc. and Glendale I Mall Associates, LP, effective October 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.10 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Regulation A+
 Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April
 18, 2022) 

10.12 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company
 and Kevin Hartley, effective September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 2 to our Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 18, 2022) 

10.13 
 
 Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement, dated January
 25, 2022, by and among Reborn Coffee Inc., Andrew Weeraratne and each of the former shareholders of Reborn Global Holdings, Inc.,
 a California corporation (incorp orated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 0
 to Amendment No. 5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 2, 2022) 

10.14 
 
 Offer of Employment by and between the Company
 and Stephan Kim, dated July 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Amendment No. 5 to our Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 filed on August 2, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and
 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and
 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Certification of Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
in Exhibit 101). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

52 

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors 

and Stockholders of Reborn Coffee, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements` 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Reborn Coffee, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements
of operation, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and
the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going
Concern 

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses and at December 31, 2022, had an accumulated
deficit of 12,031,801. For the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company sustained a net loss of 3,554,897. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might become necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

(Formerly known as Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA
LLP) 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

PCAOB ID 

April 11, 2023 

F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 

December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 
 
 Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 
 -

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Other assets 
 
 -

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and current liabilities 

Loans payable to financial institutions 

Current portion of loan payable, emergency injury disaster loan (EIDL) 

Current portion of loan payable, payroll protection program (PPP) 

Current portion of equipment loan payable 
 -

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Loans payable to financial institutions, less current portion 

Loan payable, emergency injury disaster loan (EIDL), less current portion 

Loan payable, payroll protection program (PPP), less current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders equity 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Net revenues: 

Stores 

Wholesale and online 

Total net revenues 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Product, food and drink costs stores 

Cost of sales wholesale and online 

General and administrative 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Other income 

Paycheck protection program (PPP) loan forgiven income 
 -

Interest expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Total other income (expense), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted

See accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Consolidated Shareholders Equity 

Additional 
 Subscription of 
 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Common 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Conversion of debt into common stock 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock issued for store acquisition 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock compensation issuance for services 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Common stock issued 

- 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Payments received from prior year subscription 

- 

Stock subscription 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock compensation issuance for services 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Common stock issued 

- 
 -

-
 
 -

Offering costs associated with issuance of common stock
 in the Initial Public Offering 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

-
 
 -

-

See accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock compensation 

Operating lease 

Depreciation 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Forgiveness of Paycheck protection program (PPP) loan 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Reacquisition of store 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Payment for offering costs 
 
 -

Proceeds from Line of Credit 
 
 -

Repayment of Line of Credit 
 
 -

Proceeds from loans 

Repayments of loans 

Repayments of equipment loan payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash financing activities: 

Issuance of common shares for repurchase of lease and leasehold improvements 
 -

Conversion of debt to common stock issuances 
 -

Forgiveness of paycheck protection program (PPP) loan 
 -

Issuance of common shares for service 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the years for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Lease liabilities and assets 

See accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

at December 31, 2022, and had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022 and net cash used in operating
activities of for the year ended December 31, 2022. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

F- 6 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

of the Company s total revenue. Wholesale and Online Revenue Wholesale and online revenues are recognized when the products are delivered, and title passes to the customers or to the wholesale distributors. When customers pick up products at the Company s warehouse, or distributed to the wholesale distributors, the title passes, and revenue is recognized. Wholesale revenues make up approximately of the Company s total revenue. Royalties and Other Fees Franchise revenues consists of royalty fee and other franchise fees.
Royalty fee is based on a percentage of franchisee s weekly gross sales revenue at . The Company recognizes the fee as the underlying
sales occur. The Company recorded revenue from royalties of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other fees are earned as
incurred and the Company did not have any other fee revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Customer Loyalty Program The Company has a loyalty program whereby a customer receives a discounted
or free beverage after a number of prior purchases. The costs of providing the reward are recognized when incurred and there is
no revenue allocated for original purchases to the provision of the reward since the program is not significant and the usage is uncertain. 

F- 7 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is recorded under
general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and ,
respectively. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet exposure related to its customers. 

F- 8 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

- Years 
 
 Store construction 
 Lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, generally years 
 
 Leasehold improvement 
 Lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, generally years 

F- 9 

2 . SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

F- 10 

2 . SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

F- 11 

Leasehold improvement 

Store construction 

Store 

Vehicle 
 
 -

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and repayment rate of for a total of . The loan payable matures on and was fully paid off in 2022. 
 -

August 2021 - Loan agreement with principal amount of 72,500 and a repayment rate of for a total of . The loan payable matures on and was fully paid off in 2022. 
 -

August 2021 - Loan agreement with principal amount of and repayment rate of for a total of . The loan payable matures on and was fully paid off in 2022. 
 -

August 2022 - Loan agreement with principal amount of and repayment rate of for a total of . The loan payable matures on . 
 
 -

Less: current portion 

Total loan payable, net of current 

F- 12 

4. LOANS PAYABLE TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS (continued) 

loan payable 

with loan cost . The loan payable has a maturity date
on . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was a balance outstanding of and , respectively. 

loan payable 

with loan cost . The loan payable has a maturity date
on . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was a balance outstanding of and , respectively. 

loan payable 

with loan cost . The loan payable has a maturity date
on . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was a balance outstanding of and , respectively. 

loan
payable 

with loan cost . The loan payable has a maturity
date on . As of December 31, 2022, there was a balance outstanding of . 

F- 13 

- Loan agreement with principal amount of 150,00 with an interest rate of and maturity date on 

June 28, 2021 Loan agreement with principal amount of 350,000 with an interest rate of and maturity date on 

Total long-term loan payable, emergency injury disaster loan (EIDL) 

Less - current portion 

Total loan payable, emergency injury disaster loan (EIDL), less
 current portion 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

,
with proceeds to be used for working capital purposes. Interest accrues at the rate of per annum and will accrue only on funds
actually advanced from the date of each advance. Installment payments, including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning May
16, 2021 (twelve months from the date of the SBA Loan) in the amount of . The balance of principal and interest is payable thirty
years from the date of the SBA Loan. In connection therewith, the Company also received a grant, which does not have to be repaid.
During the year ended December 31, 2020, was recorded in Economy injury disaster loan (EIDL) grant income in the Statements of
Operations. The schedule of payments on this loan was later deferred to commence 24 months from the date of loan, which was May 2022. 

, with proceeds to be used for working capital purposes. Interest accrues at the rate of per annum and will accrue only
on funds actually advanced from the date of each advance. Installment payments, including principal and interest, are due monthly beginning
April 16, 2022 (twenty four months from the original date of the SBA Loan) in the amount of . The balance of principal and interest
is payable thirty years from the original date of the SBA Loan. 

F- 14 

Less - current portion 

Total loan payable, payroll protection program (PPP), less current
 portion 

per annum and accrues on the unpaid principal balance computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in
a year of 360 days. Commencing seven months after the effective date of the PPP Loan, the Company is required to pay the Lender equal
monthly payments of principal and interest as required to fully amortize any unforgiven principal balance of the loan by the two-year
anniversary of the effective date of the PPP Loan (the Maturity Date ). The PPP Loan contains customary events of default
relating to, among other things, payment defaults, making materially false or misleading representations to the SBA or the Lender, or
breaching the terms of the PPP Loan. The occurrence of an event of default may result in the repayment of all amounts outstanding under
the PPP Loan, collection of all amounts owing from the Company, or filing suit and obtaining judgment against the Company. Under the
terms of the CARES Act, PPP loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of the loan granted under the
PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of loan proceeds for payment of payroll costs and
any payments of mortgage interest, rent, and utilities. Recent modifications to the PPP by the U.S. Treasury and Congress have extended
the time period for loan forgiveness beyond the original eight-week period, making it possible for the Company to apply for forgiveness
of its PPP loan. 

Total current provision (benefit) 

Deferred provision (benefit): 

Federal 
 -
 
 -

State 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred provision (benefit) 
 -
 
 -

Total tax provision (benefit) 

F- 15 

7. INCOME TAX (continued) 

State income taxes net of federal income tax benefit and others 

Permanent differences for tax purposes and others 

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Effective tax rate 

and California state income taxes of due to the change in the valuation
allowance. 

Other temporary differences 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

. Per the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) implemented in 2018, the two-year carryback provision was
removed and now allows for an indefinite carryforward period. The carryforwards are limited to of each subsequent year s net
income. As a result, net operating loss may be applied against future taxable income and expires at various dates subject to certain limitations.
The Company has a deferred tax asset arising substantially from the benefits of such net operating loss deduction and has recorded a valuation
allowance for the full amount of this deferred tax asset since it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset may
not be realized. 

. In addition, the Company had state tax net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately . The carryforwards may be applied against future taxable income and expires at various dates subject to certain
limitations. 

F- 16 

square feet located in La Crescenta, California commencing in May 2017 and expiring in April 2027. The monthly lease payment under the lease agreement approximately . Corona Del Mar - On January 18, 2023, the Company renewed its retail store in Corona Del Mar, California. As part of that lease renewal, the Company renewed the original operating lease with 60 months term with an option to extend. The lease expires in January 2028. The monthly lease payment under the renewed lease agreement is approximately . Laguna Woods - On February 12, 2021, the Company entered into an operating facility lease for its store located at Home Depot Center in Laguna Woods, California with a term of 60 months and an option to extend. The lease starts in June 2021 and expires in May 2026. Manhattan Village - On March 1, 2022, the Company entered into an operating facility lease for its store located at Manhattan Beach, California with 60 months term with option to extend. The lease starts in March 2022 and expires in February 2027. Cabazon - On May 2017, the
Company entered into an operating facility lease for its store located in Cabazon, California with 120 months term with option to extend.
The lease started in November 2022 and expires in October 2032. The monthly
lease payment under the lease agreement is approximately . 
 Glendale On October 27,
2020, The Company entered a -year operating facility lease for its store located at the Glendale Galleria in Glendale, California. The
lease started in November 2020 and expires in October 2027. 
 Santa Anita - On December 22, 2020, the Company entered into an operating facility lease for its store located at Arcadia, California with 36 months term with option to extend. The lease starts in February 2021 and expires in January 2024. Riverside - On February 4, 2021, the Company entered into an operating facility lease for its store located at Galleria at Tyler in Riverside, California with a term of 84 months and an option to extend. The lease started in April 2021 and expires in March 2028. San Francisco - On December 22, 2020, the Company entered into an operating facility lease for its store located at Stonestown Galleria in San Francisco, California with a term of 84 months with an option to extend. The lease starts in June 2021 and expires in April 2028. Irvine - On October 1, 2022 the Company entered into a percentage base lease agreement for the store located in Irvine, California with 9 months term with option to extend. The lease started in October 2022 and expires on June 30, 2023. The rate to be used is and it s based on monthly gross sales. 

F- 17 

8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) 

Total lease expense 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 
 
 Years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Reconciliation of lease liabilities: 

Weighted-average remaining lease terms 
 Years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Present values 

Lease liabilities current 

Lease liabilities long-term 

Lease liabilities total 

Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows 

F- 18 

share of common stock with a par value of per share. 

share of preferred stock with a par value of per share, in one or more classes
or series within a class as may be determined by our board of directors, who establish, from time to time, the number of shares to be
included in each class or series, fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such class or series and
any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. Any preferred stock so issued is senior to other existing classes of common
stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts upon liquidation or dissolution. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no shares
of our preferred stock had been designated any rights and we had no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock under these provisions. 

shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 
per share, generating gross proceeds of . Net proceeds from the IPO were approximately million after deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and other offering expenses of approximately . 

additional shares (equal to of the shares of common stock sold in the offering)
to cover over-allotments. In addition, the Company had agreed to issue to the representative of the several underwriters warrants to purchase
the number of shares of common stock in the aggregate equal to five percent of the shares of common stock to be issued and sold in
the IPO. The warrants are exercisable for a price per share equal to of the public offering price. No over-allotment option
or representative s warrants have been exercised. 

F- 19 

9. SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

shares of common stock to employees and consultants for compensation. These shares were valued at per share for total stock-based
compensation expense of . These shares were fully vested at issuance and as such the related stock-based compensation was recognized
immediately. 

Weighted Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Earnings Per Share - Diluted 

Net Loss Per Share 

was paid in 2022 and included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the December 31, 2022 consolidated balance
sheet. 

-year operating lease which expires in February 2032. 

was made to Reborn Coffee Korea, Inc. by the Company. 

F- 20 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jay Kim 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Jay Kim 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Stephan Kim 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Stephan Kim 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jay Kim 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Jay Kim 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Stephan Kim 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Stephan Kim 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Farooq M. Arjomand 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Farooq M. Arjomand 

/s/ Dennis R. Egidi 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Dennis R. Egidi 

/s/ Sehan Kim 
 
 Director 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Sehan Kim 

53 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_reborncoffee.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Under Description of Securities, we, us, 
 our, the Company and our Company refer to Reborn Coffee, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. 

General 

The following description of our capital stock and certain provisions of
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws.
Copies of these documents are filed with the SEC as exhibits to our registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part. The
descriptions of the common stock and preferred stock reflect changes to our capital structure that will be in effect immediately prior
to the completion of this offering. 

Historical Capitalization Structure 

Historically, we were authorized to issue an aggregate number of 4,000,000,000
shares of capital stock, of which (i) 3,000,000,000 shares are Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share; (ii) 400,000,000 shares
are Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; and (iii) 600,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. In
anticipation of this offering, Reborn converted all Class B common stock to Class A common stock and, following such conversion, amended
and restated its articles of incorporation to eliminate our Class B class of common stock (thereby eliminating our multi-class structure)
and renamed our Class A common stock to common stock. 

Class A Common Stock 

We were authorized to issue 3,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Each share of Class A common stock had one (1) vote per share for all purposes.
Our common stock did not provide a preemptive or conversion right and there were no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Holders
of our Class A common stock were not entitled to cumulative voting for election of the Company s board of directors. 

The holders of our Class A common stock were entitled to dividends out
of funds legally available when and as declared by our board of directors. Our board of directors has never declared a dividend and does
not anticipate declaring a dividend in the foreseeable future. 

Class B Common Stock 

We were authorized to issue 400,000,000 shares of Class B common stock. 

Each share of Class B common stock entitled the holder to ten (10) votes
for each one vote per share of the Class A common stock, and with respect to that vote, was entitled to notice of any stockholders 
meeting in accordance with the Company s bylaws, and shall be entitled to vote, together as a single class with the holders of Class
A common stock with respect to any question or matter upon which the holders of Class A common stock have the right to vote. Class B common
stock shall also entitle a holder to vote as a separate class as set forth in the Company s bylaws. 

The holders of our Class B common stock were entitled to dividends out
of funds legally available when and as declared by our board of directors at the same rate per share as the Common Stock. Our board of
directors has never declared a dividend and does not anticipate declaring a dividend in the foreseeable future. 

Each share of Class B common stock was convertible into one (1) share of
Common Stock, subject to adjustment, at any time at the option of the holder. 

So long as any shares of Class B common stock are outstanding, we have
agreed not to take the following actions without the prior written consent of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of
the then outstanding Class B common stock: 

sell, convey or otherwise dispose of or encumber all or substantially all of our assets, or merger with or consolidate with another corporation, other than our wholly-owned subsidiary, or effect any transaction or series of transactions in which more than 50 of the voting power of our company is transferred or disposed of; 

alter or change any of the rights of the Class B common stock or increase or decrease the number of shares authorized; 

authorize or obligate our company to authorize any other equity security or security which is convertible or exercisable into an equity security of our company which has rights, preferences or privileges which are superior to, on a parity with or similar to the Class B common stock; 

redeem or repurchase any of our securities; 

amend our articles of incorporation; or 

change the authorized number of our board of directors. 

Preferred Stock 

We were authorized to issue up to 600,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value 0.0001 per share, in one or more classes or series within a class as may be determined by our board of directors, who were
able to establish, from time to time, the number of shares to be included in each class or series, fix the designation, powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each such class or series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. Any preferred stock
so issued by the board of directors ranked senior to other existing classes of capital stock with respect to the payment of dividends
or amounts upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, or both. 

Current Capitalization Structure 

Prior to the completion of this offering, we converted all of our Class
B shares into Class A shares, amended and restated our charter to eliminate Class B shares, renamed Class A 
to simply common stock , reduced our authorized common stock to 40,000,000 shares, reduced our authorized preferred stock
to 1,000,000 shares, and then we migrated from Florida to Delaware. Our authorized capital stock now consists of shares that are designated
solely as common stock, par value of 0.0001 per share. 

Common Stock 

Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each
share held of record on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally, including the election or removal of directors.
The holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 

Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends
at the same rate when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to any statutory
or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to the rights of the holders of one or more outstanding series of our preferred
stock. 

Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, and after payment in full
of all amounts required to be paid to creditors, the holders of shares of our common will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining
assets available for distribution. 

All shares of our common stock that will be outstanding at the time of
the completion of the offering will be fully paid and non-assessable. The common stock will not be subject to further calls or assessments
by us. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. There will be no redemption
or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, powers, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock
will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our preferred stock or any other series or class of stock we may authorize and
issue in the future. 

No shares of common stock will be subject to redemption or have preemptive
rights to purchase additional shares of common stock. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have subscription, redemption or conversion
rights. There will be no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. Upon consummation of this offering, all
the outstanding shares of common stock will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, stockholders
holding a majority of the voting power of our shares of common stock will be able to elect all our directors. A special meeting of stockholders
may be called by a majority of our board of directors, the chair of our board of directors, or our chief executive officer. Our bylaws
establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including
proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors. 

This will make it more difficult for another party to obtain control of
us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions
could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. This intended to preserve
our existing control structure following this offering, facilitate our continued product innovation and the risk-taking that it requires,
permit us to continue to prioritize our long-term goals rather than short-term results, enhance the likelihood of continued stability
in the composition of our board of directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual
or threatened acquisition of us. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal
and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others
from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or
management. As a consequence, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock that could result from actual
or rumored takeover attempts. 

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 

We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three
years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, subject to certain exceptions. 

Exclusive Forum 

Our bylaws contain an exclusive forum provision providing that the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our
behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any of our directors, officers,
employees, agents or stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
However, the exclusive forum provision states that it shall not apply to actions arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction, and our stockholders will not be
deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares
of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to this provision included in our bylaws. The exclusive forum
provision, if enforced, may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the
exclusive forum provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and growth prospects. For example, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware recently determined that a provision stating that U.S.
federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act
is not enforceable. 

Corporate Opportunities 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interest
or expectancy in the business opportunities of our its officers, directors, agents, stockholders, members, partners, affiliates and subsidiaries
and each such party shall not have any obligation to offer us those opportunities unless presented to one of our directors or officers
in his or her capacity as a director or officer. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_reborncoffee.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 
 
 Reborn Global Holdings, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 Reborn Coffee Franchise, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Reborn Coffee Korea, Inc. 
 
 South Korea 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_reborncoffee.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Jay Kim, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Reborn Coffee, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Amendment is being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 11, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jay Kim 

Jay Kim 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_reborncoffee.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Stephan Kim, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Reborn Coffee, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Amendment is being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 11, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephan Kim 

Stephan Kim 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 f10k2022ex32_reborncoffee.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Reborn
Coffee, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay Kim, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 11, 2023 

/s/ Jay Kim 

Name: 
 Jay Kim 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Reborn
Coffee, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephan Kim, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 11, 2023 

/s/ Stephan Kim 

Name: 
 Stephan Kim 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rebn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rebn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rebn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rebn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rebn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

