<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1170010_0001170010-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21774810</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319532</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9279126</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5810543</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3288026</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2751208</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001170010-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413110351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001170010-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		153
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CARMAX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001170010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				541821055
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31420
		FILM NUMBER:		23817461

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12800 TUCKAHOE CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23238
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(804) 747-0422

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12800 TUCKAHOE CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23238

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001170010-23-000010.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 kmx-20230228.htm
 10-K

kmx-20230228 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of August 31, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on that date, was . 
 
 On April 11, 2023, there were outstanding shares of CarMax, Inc. common stock. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of the CarMax, Inc. Notice of 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 

CARMAX, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 No. 
 PART I Item 1. Business 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 19 
 Item 2. Properties 19 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 20 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 20 
 Executive Officers of the Company 21 
 PART II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 23 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 24 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 40 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 42 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 85 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 85 
 Item 9B. Other Information 85 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 85 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 85 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 86 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 86 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 86 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 86 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 86 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 89 
 Signatures 90 

3 

PART I 
 In this document, we, our, us, CarMax and the company refer to CarMax, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and, in particular, the description of our business set forth in Item 1 and our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in Item 7 contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), including statements regarding: 
 
 Our projected future sales growth, comparable store sales growth, margins, tax rates, earnings, CarMax Auto Finance income and earnings per share. 
 Our business strategies. 
 Our expectations for strategic investments. 
 Our expectations of factors that could affect CarMax Auto Finance income. 
 Our expected future expenditures, cash needs, and financing sources. 
 Our expected capital structure, stock repurchases and indebtedness. 
 The projected number, timing and cost of new store openings. 
 Our gross profit margin, inventory levels and ability to leverage selling, general and administrative and other fixed costs. 
 Our sales and marketing plans. 
 The capabilities of our proprietary information technology systems and other systems. 
 Our assessment of the potential outcome and financial impact of litigation and the potential impact of unasserted claims. 
 Our assessment of competitors and potential competitors. 
 Our expectations for growth in our markets and business sectors. 
 Our assessment of the effect of recent legislation and accounting pronouncements. 
 The effect and consequences of the Coronavirus COVID-19 public health crisis on matters including U.S. and local economies; our business operations and continuity; the availability of corporate and consumer financing; the health and productivity of our associates; the ability of third-party providers to continue uninterrupted service; and the regulatory environment in which we operate. 
 In addition, any statements contained in or incorporated by reference into this report that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, outlook, plan, positioned, predict, should, target, will and other similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements. There are a number of important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by our forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, those set forth in Item 1A under the heading Risk Factors. We caution investors not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements as these statements speak only as of the date when made. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this report. 
 4 

Item 1. Business. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 CarMax Background 
 CarMax, Inc. delivers an unrivaled customer experience by offering a broad selection of quality used vehicles and related products and services at competitive, no-haggle prices using a customer-friendly sales process. We are the nation s largest retailer of used cars, and we sold 807,823 used vehicles at retail during the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. We are also one of the nation s largest operators of wholesale vehicle auctions, with 585,071 vehicles sold during fiscal 2023, and one of the nation s largest providers of used vehicle financing, servicing approximately 1.1 million customer accounts in our 16.77 billion portfolio of managed receivables as of February 28, 2023. Our omni-channel platform, which gives us the largest addressable market in the used car industry, empowers our retail customers to buy a car on their terms online, in-store or an integrated combination of both. 
 CarMax was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1996. CarMax, Inc. is a holding company and our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Under the ownership of Circuit City Stores, Inc. Circuit City ), we began operations in 1993 with the opening of our first CarMax store in Richmond, Virginia. On October 1, 2002, the CarMax business was separated from Circuit City through a tax-free transaction, becoming an independent, publicly traded company. As of February 28, 2023, we operated 240 used car stores in 109 U.S. television markets. Our home office is located at 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Richmond, Virginia. 
 On June 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Edmunds Holding Company Edmunds ), one of the most well established and trusted online guides for automotive information and a recognized leader in digital car shopping innovations. With this acquisition, CarMax has enhanced its digital capabilities and further strengthened its role and reach across the used auto ecosystem while adding exceptional technology and creative talent. 
 CarMax Business 
 We operate in two reportable segments: CarMax Sales Operations and CarMax Auto Finance CAF ). Our CarMax Sales Operations segment consists of all aspects of our auto merchandising and service operations, excluding financing provided by CAF. Our CAF segment consists solely of our own finance operation that provides financing to customers buying retail vehicles from CarMax. Our consolidated financial statements include the financial results related to our Edmunds business, which does not meet the definition of a reportable segment. 
 
 CarMax Sales Operations. Our CarMax Sales Operations segment sells used vehicles, purchases used vehicles from customers and other sources, sells related products and services, and arranges financing options for customers, all for competitive, no-haggle prices. We enable our customers to separately evaluate each component of the sales process based on comprehensive information about the terms and associated prices of each component. Customers can accept or decline any individual element of the offer without affecting the price or terms of any other component of the offer. 
 Purchasing a Vehicle : 
 The vehicle purchase process at CarMax differs fundamentally from the traditional auto retail experience. Our no-haggle pricing removes a frequent customer frustration with the purchase process and allows customers to shop for vehicles the same way they shop for other consumer products. Our omni-channel platform further empowers our customers to buy a car on their own terms online, in-store, or an integrated combination of both. 
 
 Our omni-channel platform provides multiple ways for our customers to interact with us, including completely online. A customer may interact with our customer experience consultants via phone, text messages or chat. These employees are paid a fixed hourly rate and receive incentive bonuses based on their ability to effectively progress the customer through their car-buying journey. Customers may also interact in-person with our sales consultants who are generally paid commissions on a fixed dollars-per-unit standard, thereby earning the same commission regardless of the vehicle being sold, the amount a customer finances or the related interest rate. These pay structures align our associates interests with those of our customers, in contrast to other dealerships where sales and finance personnel may receive higher commissions for negotiating higher prices and interest rates, or steering customers to vehicles with higher gross profits. 
 We recondition every used vehicle we retail to meet our CarMax Quality Certified standards, and each vehicle must pass an inspection before being offered for sale. We stand behind every used vehicle we sell with our Love Your Car Guarantee. This guarantee gives customers the ability to take 24-hour test drives before committing to purchase as well as provides a 30-day/1,500 mile money-back guarantee and a 90-day/4,000-mile limited warranty. Our CarMax Quality Certified standards were developed internally by CarMax and are not affiliated with any third party or original equipment manufacturer program. 
 5 

We maximize customer choice by offering a large selection of inventory on our lots and by making our nationwide inventory available for viewing on carmax.com as well as our mobile app. As of February 28, 2023, we had approximately 56,000 saleable retail vehicles in our inventory. Vehicles in-transit or on customer hold are not visible on our website. Upon request by a customer, we will transfer virtually any used vehicle in our inventory. This gives CarMax customers access to a much larger selection of vehicles than any traditional auto retailer. In fiscal 2023, approximately 34 of our vehicles sold were transferred at customer request. 
 Selling us a Vehicle : 
 We have separated the practice of trading in a used vehicle in conjunction with the purchase of another vehicle into two distinct and independent transactions. We will appraise a customer s vehicle in-person free of charge and make a written, guaranteed offer to buy that vehicle regardless of whether the owner is purchasing a vehicle from us. This no-haggle offer is good for seven days. We also provide online instant appraisal offers, which quickly give customers an offer on their vehicle. The success of these offerings strengthens our leadership position as the largest used vehicle buyer from consumers in the U.S. 
 Vehicle purchases are also made through MaxOffer, our digital appraisal product for dealers. We leverage the Edmunds sales team to open new markets and sign-up new dealers for MaxOffer. 
 In fiscal 2023, we purchased approximately 1.2 million vehicles from consumers and dealers. 
 Based on age, mileage or condition, approximately half of the vehicles acquired through our appraisal processes meet our retail standards. Those vehicles that do not meet our retail standards are sold to licensed dealers through our wholesale auctions. Unlike many other auto auctions, we own all the vehicles that we sell in our auctions, which allows us to maintain a high auction sales rate. This high sales rate, combined with dealer-friendly practices, makes our auctions an attractive source of vehicles for licensed dealers. For fiscal 2023, our average auction sales rate was approximately 95 . 
 Financing a Vehicle : 
 The availability of financing is a critical component of the vehicle purchase process, and having an array of finance sources increases approvals, expands access to financing for our customers and mitigates risk to CarMax. Our finance program accommodates customers across a wide range of the credit spectrum through both CAF and third-party providers. We believe that our processes and systems, transparency of pricing, and vehicle quality, as well as the integrity of the information collected at the time the customer applies for credit, enable CAF and our third-party providers to make underwriting decisions in a unique and advantageous environment distinct from the traditional auto retail environment. All finance offers, whether from CAF or our third-party providers, are backed by a 3-day payoff option, which allows customers to refinance their loan with another finance provider within three business days at no charge. 
 In fiscal 2023, we completed the nationwide rollout of our pre-qualification and finance-based shopping products, which are supported by CAF and multiple third-party providers. These products enable customers to request pre-qualification online with no impact to credit scores and receive their decisions and terms within minutes, empowering them to conveniently shop with their personalized, pre-qualification terms across our nationwide inventory. These products seamlessly provide consumers with the information and capabilities they need to shop for financing that best meets their budget and needs, further differentiating CarMax s customer-centric financing experience. We have also established an online checkout and purchasing product, which integrates our financing process, allowing eligible customers to apply and accept finance offers online without the assistance of an associate. We continue to enhance and further expand these products and experiences. 
 Related Products and Services : 
 We provide customers with a range of other related products and services, including extended protection plan EPP products and vehicle repair service. EPP products include extended service plans ESPs and guaranteed asset protection GAP ), which is designed to cover the unpaid balance on an auto loan in the event of a total loss of the vehicle or unrecovered theft. Our ESP customers have access to vehicle repair service at each CarMax store and at thousands of independent and franchised service providers. We believe that the broad scope of our ESPs helps promote customer satisfaction and loyalty, and thus increases the likelihood of repeat and referral business. In fiscal 2023, approximately 60 of the customers who purchased a retail used vehicle also purchased an ESP and approximately 16 purchased GAP. 
 CarMax Auto Finance. CAF provides financing solely to customers buying retail vehicles from CarMax. CAF allows us to manage our reliance on third-party finance providers and to leverage knowledge of our business to provide qualifying customers a competitive financing option. CAF utilizes proprietary scoring models based upon the credit history and other credit data of the customer along with CAF s historical experience to predict the likelihood of customer repayment. Because CAF offers financing solely to CarMax customers, our scoring models are optimized for the CarMax channel. We believe CAF 
 6 

enables us to capture additional profits, cash flows and sales. After the effect of 3-day payoffs and vehicle returns, CAF financed 42.1 of our retail used vehicle unit sales in fiscal 2023. 
 CAF also services all auto loans it originates and is responsible for providing billing statements, collecting payments, maintaining contact with delinquent customers, and arranging for the repossession of vehicles securing defaulted loans. 
 Competition 
 CarMax Sales Operations. The U.S. used car marketplace is highly fragmented, and we face competition from franchised dealers, who sell both new and used vehicles; online sellers; independent used car dealers; and private parties. According to industry sources, as of December 31, 2022, there were over 18,000 franchised dealers in the U.S., who sell the majority of late-model used vehicles. Competition in our industry has evolved with the adoption of online platforms and marketing tools, all of which facilitate increased competition. 
 
 Based on industry data, there were approximately 37 million used cars sold in the U.S. in calendar 2022, of which approximately 20 million were estimated to be age 0- to 10-year old vehicles. While we are the largest retailer of used vehicles in the U.S., in calendar 2022, we estimate we sold approximately 4.0 of the age 0- to 10-year old vehicles sold on a nationwide basis, consistent with calendar 2021. We estimate we sold approximately 4.8 of the age 0- to 10-year old vehicles sold in the current comparable store markets in which we operate in calendar 2022, consistent with 2021. Our market share is generally correlated to the length of time we have operated in a given market. 
 We believe that our principal competitive advantages in used vehicle retailing include our ability to provide a high degree of customer satisfaction with the car-buying experience by virtue of our competitive, no-haggle prices and our customer-friendly sales process; our breadth of selection of the most popular makes and models available; the quality of our vehicles; our proprietary information systems; the transparency and availability of CAF and third-party financing; the locations of our retail stores; and our commitment to evolving our car-buying experience to meet customers changing expectations. We believe our omni-channel platform reinforces our competitive advantages as it empowers customers to buy a car on their own terms, whether online, in-store or through an integrated combination of online and in-store experiences. Our diversified business model, combined with our exceptional associates and unparalleled omni-channel experience, is a unique advantage in the used car industry that firmly positions us to drive profitable market share gains while creating shareholder value over the long-term. 
 In addition, we believe our willingness to appraise and purchase a customer s vehicle, whether or not the customer is buying a car from us, provides a competitive sourcing advantage for retail vehicles. Our high volume of appraisal purchases, which has increased further with the rollout of our instant appraisal offers and MaxOffer, supplies not only a large portion of our retail inventory, but also provides the scale that enables us to conduct our own wholesale auctions to dispose of vehicles that do not meet our retail standards. 
 Our wholesale auctions compete with other automotive in-person and online auctions. These competitors auction vehicles of all ages, while CarMax s auctions predominantly sell older, higher mileage vehicles. Our wholesale auctions were conducted virtually through the majority of fiscal 2023. In January 2023, we began testing blended in-person and virtual auctions at one location. 
 CarMax Auto Finance. CAF operates and is a significant participant in the auto finance sector of the consumer finance market. This sector is primarily comprised of banks, captive finance divisions of new car manufacturers, credit unions and independent finance companies. According to industry sources, this sector represented more than 1.5 trillion in outstanding receivables as of December 31, 2022. CAF s primary competitors are banks and credit unions that offer direct financing to customers purchasing used cars. 
 We believe that CAF s principal competitive advantage is its strategic position as the primary finance source for CarMax customers, and that CAF s primary driver for growth is the growth in CarMax s retail used unit sales. We periodically test different credit offers and closely monitor acceptance rates and the effect on sales to assess market competitiveness. We also monitor 3-day payoffs, as the percentage of customers exercising this option can be an indication of the competitiveness of our offer. 
 Products and Services 
 Retail Merchandising. We offer customers a broad selection of makes and models of used vehicles, including domestic, imported and luxury vehicles, as well as hybrid and electric vehicles, at competitive prices. Our focus is vehicles that are 0 to 10 years old; these vehicles have historically ranged in price from 11,000 to 37,000, however, similar to fiscal 2022, the past year generally ranged in price from 16,000 to 49,000 due to higher vehicle acquisition costs driven by market 
 7 

appreciation. The mix of our used vehicle inventory by make, model and age will vary from time to time, depending on consumer preferences, seasonality and market pricing and availability. 
 Wholesale Auctions. The typical vehicle sold at our wholesale auctions is approximately 10 years old and has more than 100,000 miles. We provide condition disclosures on each vehicle, including those for vehicles with major mechanical issues, possible frame or flood damage, branded titles, salvage history and unknown true mileage. Professional, licensed auctioneers conduct our auctions. Dealers pay a fee to us based on the sales price of the vehicles they purchase. Our auctions are generally held on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. 
 
 Extended Protection Plans. In conjunction with the sale of a vehicle, we offer customers EPP products. We receive revenue for selling these plans on behalf of unrelated third parties, who are the primary obligors. We have no contractual liability to customers for claims under these agreements. The ESPs we currently offer on all used retail vehicles provide coverage up to 60 months (subject to mileage limitations). GAP covers the customer for the term of their finance contract. The EPPs that we sell have been designed to our specifications and are administered by the third parties through private-label arrangements. Periodically, we may receive profit-sharing revenues based upon the performance of the ESP policies administered by third parties. As of February 28, 2023, our third-party ESP providers included Assurant, Inc., CNA National Warranty Corporation and Fidelity Warranty Services, Inc. Our third-party GAP provider as of February 28, 2023 was Safe-Guard Products International LLC. 
 Reconditioning and Service. An integral part of our used car consumer offer is the reconditioning process designed to make sure every car meets our internal standards before it can become a CarMax Quality Certified vehicle. This process includes an inspection of the engine and all major systems. Based on this inspection, we determine the reconditioning necessary to bring the vehicle up to our internal quality standards. Many of our stores depend upon nearby, typically larger, CarMax stores for reconditioning, which increases efficiency and reduces overhead. We perform most routine mechanical and minor body repairs in-house; however, for some reconditioning services, including, but not limited to, services related to manufacturer s warranties, we engage third parties specializing in those services. CarMax does not have manufacturer authorization to complete recall-related repairs, and some vehicles CarMax sells may have unrepaired safety recalls. However, safety recall information, as reported by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, is available on our website, and we review any unrepaired safety recall information with our used vehicle customers before purchase. 
 All CarMax used car stores provide vehicle repair service, including repairs of vehicles covered by the ESPs we sell. Additionally, we have partnered with third-party providers of auto service and repair. Through these partnerships, our customers have access to a nationwide network of trusted, quality and fair-priced service and repair locations. 
 Customer Credit. We offer financing alternatives for retail customers across a wide range of the credit spectrum through CAF and arrangements with several financial institutions. Vehicles are financed using retail installment contracts secured by the vehicle. As of February 28, 2023, our third-party finance providers included Ally Financial, American Credit Acceptance, Capital One Auto Finance, Chase Auto Finance, Exeter Finance Corp., Santander Consumer USA and Westlake Financial Services. We have no recourse liability for credit losses on retail installment contracts arranged and held by third-party providers, and we periodically test additional third-party providers. 
 Generally, credit applications submitted by customers to CarMax are initially reviewed by CAF using our proprietary underwriting standards. Based on that review, CAF makes financing offers designed to create a loan portfolio that meets our targeted risk profile in the aggregate. Applications that CAF declines or approves with conditions are generally evaluated by other third-party finance providers. Third-party providers generally either pay us or are paid a fixed, pre-negotiated fee per contract. We refer to the providers who generally pay us a fee or to whom no fee is paid as Tier 2 providers and we refer to providers to whom we pay a fee as Tier 3 providers. We are willing to pay a fee to Tier 3 providers because we believe their participation provides us with incremental sales by enabling customers to secure financing that they may not otherwise be able to obtain. All fees either received or paid are pre-negotiated at a fixed amount and do not vary based on the amount financed, the interest rate, the term of the loan or the loan-to-value ratio. CAF also provides financing for a small percentage of customers who would typically be financed by a Tier 2 or Tier 3 provider. 
 We do not offer financing to dealers purchasing vehicles at our wholesale auctions. However, we have made arrangements to have third-party financing available to our auction customers. 
 Suppliers for Used Vehicles 
 We acquire a significant percentage of our retail used vehicle inventory directly from consumers through our in-store and online appraisal processes, as well as through local, regional and online auctions. Prior to fiscal 2022, our annual self-sufficiency rate was between 36 and 41 . Driven primarily by our new online instant appraisal offer programs, we achieved record self- 
 8 

sufficiency rates of approximately 70 during fiscal 2022 and over 70 during fiscal 2023. The buy rate for customers who engage with us after first receiving an online instant appraisal offer is typically higher than through our traditional appraisal lane. We also acquire used vehicle inventory from wholesalers, franchised and independent dealers and fleet owners, such as leasing companies and rental companies. The used vehicle inventory we acquire directly from consumers through our appraisal process helps provide an inventory of makes and models that reflects consumer preferences in each market. 
 The supply of late-model used vehicles is influenced by a variety of factors, including the total number of vehicles in operation; the volume of new vehicle sales, which in turn generate used car trade-ins; and the number of used vehicles sold or remarketed through retail channels, wholesale transactions and at automotive auctions. According to industry sources, there were approximately 285 million light vehicles in operation in the U.S. as of December 31, 2022. During calendar year 2022, it is estimated that approximately 14 million new cars and 37 million used cars were sold at retail, many of which were accompanied by trade-ins, and approximately 9.5 million wholesale vehicles were sold at auctions and through other channels. 
 Based on the large number of vehicles remarketed each year, consumer acceptance of our appraisal process, our experience and success in acquiring vehicles from auctions and other sources, and the large size of the U.S. auction market relative to our needs, we believe that sources of used vehicles will continue to be sufficient to meet our current and future needs. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, our business has been seasonal. Our stores typically experience their strongest traffic and sales in the spring and summer, with an increase in traffic and sales in February and March, coinciding with federal income tax refunds. Sales are typically slowest in the fall. In fiscal 2021 and 2022, traffic and sales were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and related federal payments. In fiscal 2023, sales returned to more normal seasonal patterns. 
 Technology 
 We leverage a combination of cloud-based solutions and proprietary technologies to run our operations. We have a strong software engineering discipline and we have adopted Agile, DevOps, Lean and other leading digital delivery practices. Technology teams are tightly integrated with the rest of the business and are embedded within our cross-functional Product teams. Our Product teams use a test and learn approach to iterate and deploy new technology-enabled experiences to our associates and customers. We use advanced data science, artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to optimize our business and the customer experience. Our business is supported by digital and mobile technologies that provide enhanced customer experience while enabling highly integrated automation of all operating functions, including credit processing and supply chain management. Buyers and sales consultants are equipped with mobile and centralized tools that allow them to access real-time information to better serve our customers. Our proprietary digital technology provides our management with real-time information about many aspects of our omni-channel operations, such as inventory management, pricing, vehicle transfers, wholesale auctions and sales consultant productivity. Real-time access to a complete view of our customer interactions from omni-channel allows our associates to provide a tailored and differentiated experience to our customers. 
 Our proprietary centralized inventory management and pricing system tracks each vehicle throughout the sales process and allows us to buy the mix of makes, models, age, mileage and price points tailored to customer buying preferences at each CarMax location. Leveraging our more than twenty-five years of experience buying and selling millions of used vehicles, our system generates recommended initial retail price points, as well as retail price markdowns for specific vehicles based on algorithms that account for factors including sales history, consumer interest and seasonal patterns. We believe this systematic approach to vehicle pricing allows us to optimize inventory turns, which reduces the depreciation risk inherent in used cars and helps us to achieve our targeted gross profit dollars per unit. Because of the pricing discipline afforded by our inventory management and pricing system, generally 99 of our entire used car inventory offered at retail is sold at retail. 
 Marketing and Advertising 
 Our marketing strategies are focused on driving customer growth through building awareness and affinity for the brand and acquiring in-market shoppers and sellers. These strategies are implemented through a broad range of media including, but not limited to, traditional broadcast, digital, search, social, out-of-home, sports sponsorships and newer influencer and activation programs. Our website and related mobile app received an average of 31 million monthly visits during fiscal 2023 and are a critical part of the customer s journey, allowing them to learn about CarMax, explore our full inventory in real time, initiate vehicle transfers, apply for financing pre-qualification, receive an appraisal offer and even buy a car fully online. Our survey data indicates that during fiscal 2023, approximately 98 of customers who purchased a vehicle from us had first visited us online. 
 In fiscal 2023, we continued building the CarMax brand through new creative campaigns and approaches promoting instant offers and our Love Your Car Guarantee. We highlighted our 30-day money back guarantee this fall in our Car Buying 
 9 

Reimagined campaign. In addition, our Call Your Shot campaign showcased the flexibility of CarMax s omni-channel experience. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 CarMax s purpose, to drive integrity by being honest and transparent in every interaction, is brought to life each day by our associates commitment to living our core values. We recognize that our associates are the key to our success, and we are proud to provide an award-winning workplace where we value the diversity and contribution of all associates and foster a culture where associates can achieve their career goals. Our associates are further guided by the policies and procedures we have in place to ensure everyone is treated with respect and has opportunities to reach their full potential. 
 On February 28, 2023, we had a total of 30,621 full- and part-time associates, of which 936 work in our CAF segment and 474 work for our Edmunds business. We had 25,632 hourly and salaried associates, as well as 3,430 in-store sales associates, 1,450 sales associates in our Customer Experience Centers CECs and 109 Edmunds sales associates. Our in-store sales associates predominantly work on a commission basis while our CEC sales associates are hourly employees who are incentive eligible. We employ additional associates during peak selling seasons. No associate is subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We annually review our pay in each geographic market to ensure we are providing a fair and competitive wage. As of February 28, 2023, all our associates were paid above the applicable minimum wage. We also offer health and other benefits to all our full-time associates. 
 Throughout the implementation of our omni-channel car buying experience, the shape of our workforce has evolved and the number of technology, product and data science associates has increased. As of February 28, 2023, we had 1,386 technology, product and data science associates. In response, we created a rotational program for college technology hires and implemented a technology and data science reskilling program. As part of our standard compensation plan, we provide equity for all roles working on our innovation efforts as a meaningful engagement and retention tool. We believe this evolution in our workforce has been and will continue to be critical to the development of our technology platforms and strategic initiatives. 
 Our commitment to our associates is reflected in our fair and broad-based compensation packages and benefit programs, our continuous investment in talent acquisition, engagement, and development activities, and our comprehensive safety and security program. We review pay equity annually based on objective factors such as position, tenure, and location. If we find discrepancies that cannot be explained by these objective factors, we make appropriate adjustments. Our commitment is to provide equal pay for comparable work regardless of gender, age, race or ethnicity. 
 We have been recognized for 19 consecutive years as one of Fortune magazine s 100 Best Companies to Work For and have also been recognized as one of Training magazine s Training APEX Award recipients for 16 years in a row. These awards reflect our ability to provide associates with the tools and environment they need to succeed and grow in their careers. We have an Associate Experience Team and a cross-functional Associate Experience Advisory Group dedicated to ensuring an inclusive and engaging workplace. We also continued to measure engagement via biannual associate pulse surveys, and across the company teams created focused plans to continually improve engagement based on survey results. Our goal is to achieve world-class associate engagement and responding to associate feedback enables us to focus on the issues that matter to our associates. 
 Diversity and Inclusion. The CarMax culture of diversity and inclusion is built on a foundation of integrity and respect, and we encourage the diverse backgrounds and perspectives our associates bring to locations across the country. Our diversity and inclusion commitment is based on a company vision to ensure everyone, everywhere has the opportunity to reach their full potential. As of February 28, 2023, our non-management workforce was 28.3 female and 71.7 male and 43.4 non-diverse and 56.6 diverse. The breakdown for our management workforce was 24.2 female and 75.8 male and 69.3 non-diverse and 30.7 diverse. For purposes of workforce diversity, CarMax considers ethnic and racial minorities as diverse and defines management as director and above at the corporate level and the top four managers at the store level and CEC level, as a group. 
 Our diversity and inclusion governance model includes a council as well as an executive steering committee, of which the CEO is a member. We also have a Corporate Social Responsibility CSR team, led by our Vice President, CSR. The CSR team includes, in part, the Community Relations, Diversity and Inclusion, Employer Brand and Internal Communications teams. 
 We have a company-wide associate training program on diversity and inclusion. This program includes required trainings for all associates, with a completion rate of over 95 in fiscal 2023. Our board of directors participated in this training as well, with a 100 completion rate in fiscal 2023. The program also includes additional self-service training and learning materials as well as leader perspective videos and discussion guides to aid team conversations. 
 10 

In fiscal 2023, we refined our multi-year diversity and inclusion roadmap with the approval of our board of directors that contains specific actions, objectives, and success measures spanning associate, customer, and community stakeholder groups. In addition, we developed our supplier diversity roadmap to help ensure that our partners have equal opportunities to do business with us; the strategic importance of this roadmap's development was further emphasized by its inclusion as a performance metric in our fiscal 2023 corporate bonus program. 
 Our diversity and inclusion roadmap and incentives are intended to solidify our commitment to diversity and inclusion as we further ingrain diversity and inclusion into the organization, nurturing our talent, increasing our associate engagement, and improving our relationships with customers and suppliers alike. 
 We plan to publish our 2023 Responsibility Report in May 2023, where we will further describe our broader environmental, social and governance efforts. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our brand image is a critical element of our business strategy. We rely on trademarks, domain names and copyrights to protect core aspects of CarMax s look and feel. Innovation and technology also play an increasingly vital role in all aspects of the business. We actively pursue appropriate intellectual property protection for our state-of-the-art work by filing patent applications in areas ranging from vehicle reconditioning and digital merchandising to image capture, online shopping innovations and search engine optimization. 
 
 Laws and Regulations 
 Vehicle Dealer and Other Laws and Regulations. We operate in a highly regulated industry. In every state in which we operate, we must obtain licenses and permits to conduct business, including dealer, service, sales, transportation and finance licenses issued by state and local regulatory authorities. A wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the manner in which we conduct business, including logistics, advertising, sales, financing and employment practices. These laws include consumer protection laws and privacy laws, as well as other laws and regulations applicable to motor vehicle dealers. These laws also include federal and state wage-hour, anti-discrimination and other employment practices laws. Our financing activities with customers are subject to federal truth-in-lending, consumer leasing, equal credit opportunity and fair credit reporting laws and regulations, as well as state and local motor vehicle finance, collection, repossession and installment finance laws. Our activities are subject to oversight by the Federal Trade Commission and other federal and state regulators, and our financing activities are also subject to enforcement by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). 
 The CFPB has supervisory authority over large nonbank auto finance companies, including CAF. The CFPB can use this authority to conduct supervisory examinations to ensure compliance with various federal consumer protection laws. 
 Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by individuals or governmental authorities and could expose us to significant damages or other penalties, including revocation or suspension of the licenses necessary to conduct business and fines. 
 We may also be subject, from time to time, to laws, regulations, and other governmental actions instituted in response to public health emergencies. Among other things, these actions have required and may continue to require, in many localities, store occupancy restrictions, store closures and restrictions on in-person wholesale auctions. 
 Environmental Laws and Regulations. We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations that pertain to the environment. Our business involves the use, handling and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, including motor oil, gasoline, solvents, lubricants, paints and other substances. We are subject to compliance with regulations concerning, among other things, the operation of underground and above-ground gasoline storage tanks, gasoline dispensing equipment, above-ground oil tanks and automotive paint booths. 
 AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 The following items are available free of charge on our website through the Financials link on our investor relations home page at investors.carmax.com, shortly after we file them with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ): annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements on Schedule 14A, and any amendments to those reports. The following documents are also available free of charge on our website: Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct, and the charters of the Audit, Nominating and Governance, Compensation and Personnel, and Technology and Innovation Committees. We publish any changes to these documents on our website. We also promptly disclose reportable waivers of the Code of Business Conduct on our website. The contents of our website are not, however, part of this report. 
 11 

Printed copies of these documents are also available to any shareholder, without charge, upon written request to our corporate secretary at the address set forth on the cover page of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 We are subject to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are described below. Our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 
 BUSINESS RISKS 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry. Failure to develop and execute strategies to remain the nation s preferred retailer of used vehicles and to adapt to the increasing use of digital and online tools to market, buy, sell and finance used vehicles could adversely affect our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Automotive retailing is a highly competitive and highly fragmented business. Our competition includes publicly and privately owned new and used car dealers and online and mobile sales platforms, as well as millions of private individuals. Competitors buy and sell the same or similar makes of vehicles that we offer in the same or similar markets at competitive prices. New car dealers leverage their franchise relationships with automotive manufacturers to brand certain used cars as certified pre-owned, which could provide those competitors with an advantage over CarMax. 
 Retail Competition. Some of our competitors have replicated or attempted to replicate portions of the consumer offer that we pioneered when we opened our first used car store in 1993, including our use of competitive, no-haggle prices and our commitment to buy a customer s vehicle even if they do not purchase one from us. 
 Competitors using online focused business models, both for direct sales and consumer-to-consumer facilitation, could materially impact our business model. Increased online used vehicle offerings and the growing consumer trend of buying vehicles online could make it more difficult for us to differentiate our customer offering from competitors offerings, could result in lower-than-expected retail margins, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Additionally, existing e-commerce businesses could directly enter the online used vehicle market, including companies with significantly more resources than CarMax that might be able to provide customers access to a greater inventory of vehicles while delivering a competitive online experience. If we fail to respond effectively to our existing and potential retail competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Online Facilitation. In addition, our competitive standing is affected by companies, including search engines and online classified sites, that are not direct competitors but that may direct online traffic to the websites of competing automotive retailers. The increasing activities of these companies could make it more difficult for carmax.com to attract traffic. These companies could also make it more difficult for CarMax to otherwise market its vehicles online. 
 The increasing use of digital and online tools to facilitate consumers sales or trade-ins of their current vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our ability to source vehicles through our appraisal process, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our vehicle acquisition costs and results of operations. For example, online appraisal tools are available to consumers that generate offers and facilitate purchases by dealers other than CarMax. 
 In addition, there are companies that sell software and data solutions to new and used car dealers to enable those dealers to, among other things, more efficiently source and price inventory. Although these companies do not compete with CarMax, the increasing use of such products by dealers who compete with CarMax could reduce the relative competitive advantage of CarMax s internally developed proprietary systems. 
 If we fail to respond effectively to competitive pressures or to changes in the used vehicle marketplace, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 CAF Competition. Our CAF segment is subject to competition from various financial institutions, including banks and credit unions, which provide vehicle financing to consumers. If we were unable to continue providing competitive finance offers to our customers through CAF, it could result in a greater percentage of sales financed through our third-party finance providers, which are generally less profitable to CarMax, or through other outside financing sources. Moreover, if CAF competitors are able to attract potential customers before they visit CarMax, whether through competitive finance offers or ease of customer experience, they may be directed to retail options other than CarMax. Accordingly, if CAF was unable to continue making competitive finance offers to our customers, or our finance competitors are able to successfully attract and redirect a 
 12 

disproportionate number of our potential customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Evolving Marketplace. The marketplace for used vehicles may be impacted by the significant, and likely accelerating, changes to the broader automotive industry. Technological changes, including the development of autonomous vehicles, new products and services, new business models, including subscription models, and new methods of travel could reduce automotive retail demand or disrupt our current business model. Increasing demand for electric vehicles is driving the need to adapt our business to source, recondition and service electric vehicles. If we fail to respond effectively to the evolving marketplace, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 The automotive retail industry in general and our business in particular are sensitive to economic conditions. These conditions could adversely affect our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to national and regional U.S. economic conditions. These conditions include, but are not limited to, recession, inflation, interest rates, unemployment levels, the state of the housing market, gasoline prices, consumer credit availability, consumer credit delinquency and loss rates, personal discretionary spending levels, and consumer sentiment about the economy in general. These conditions and the economy in general could be affected by significant national or international events such as a global health crisis, acts of terrorism or acts of war (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine). When these economic conditions worsen or stagnate, it can have a material adverse effect on consumer demand for vehicles generally, demand from particular consumer categories or demand for particular vehicle types. It can also negatively impact availability of credit to finance vehicle purchases for all or certain categories of consumers. This could result in challenges to vehicle affordability, lower sales, decreased margins on units sold, and decreased profits for our CAF segment. For example, the current and continued economic conditions of vehicle affordability challenges that stem from broad inflation, rising interest rates, tightening lending standards and low consumer confidence are the primary drivers behind the overall decrease in demand for used vehicles. Worsening or stagnating economic conditions can also have a material adverse effect on the supply of late-model used vehicles, as automotive manufacturers produce fewer new vehicles and consumers retain their current vehicles for longer periods of time. This could result in increased costs to acquire used vehicle inventory and decreased margins on units sold. 
 
 Any significant change or deterioration in economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business is dependent upon capital to operate, fund growth and support the activities of our CAF segment. Changes in capital and credit markets could adversely affect our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in the availability or cost of capital and working capital financing, including the long-term financing to support the expansion of our store base and sales growth in existing stores, could adversely affect sales, operating strategies and store growth. Although, in recent years, internally generated cash flows have generally been sufficient to maintain our operations and fund our growth, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate sufficient cash for these purposes. Failure to do so or our decision to put our cash to other uses would make us more dependent on external sources of financing to fund our growth. 
 Changes in the availability or cost of the long-term financing to support the origination of auto loans receivable through CAF could adversely affect sales and results of operations. We use a securitization program to fund the majority of the auto loans receivable originated by CAF. Changes in the condition of the asset-backed securitization market could lead us to incur higher costs to access funds in this market or require us to seek alternative means to finance CAF s loan originations. In the event that this market ceased to exist and there were no immediate alternative funding sources available, we might be forced to curtail our lending practices for some period of time. The impact of reducing or curtailing CAF s loan originations could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Our revolving credit facility, term loans, senior unsecured notes and certain securitization and sale-leaseback agreements contain covenants and event-of-default or other performance triggers. Any failure to comply with these covenants or performance triggers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facility or access our deposits generally. If our ability to secure funds from the facility or our deposits were significantly impaired, our access to working capital would be impacted, our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels could be affected and these conditions especially if coupled with a failure to generate significant cash flows could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 13 

CarMax was founded on the fundamental principle of integrity. Failure to maintain a reputation of integrity and to otherwise maintain and enhance our brand could adversely affect our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Our reputation as a company that is founded on the fundamental principle of integrity is critical to our success. Our reputation as a retailer offering competitive, no-haggle prices, a broad selection of CarMax Quality Certified used vehicles and superior customer service is also critical to our success. If we fail to maintain the high standards on which our reputation is built, or if an event occurs that damages this reputation, it could adversely affect consumer demand and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Such an event could include an isolated incident at a single store, particularly if such incident results in adverse publicity, governmental investigations, or litigation and could involve, among other things, our sales process, our provision of financing, our reconditioning process, our treatment of customers or associates, cultural brand positioning, or real or perceived vehicle quality and related injury. Even the perception of a decrease in the quality of our brand could impact results. 
 The use of social media increases the speed with which information and opinions can be shared and thus the speed with which reputation can be affected. We monitor social media and attempt to address customer concerns, provide accurate information and protect our reputation, but there can be no guarantee that our efforts will succeed. If we fail to correct or mitigate misinformation or negative information, including information spread through social media or traditional media channels, about the vehicles we offer, our customer experience, or any aspect of our brand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Our business is sensitive to changes in the prices of new and used vehicles. 
 Any significant changes in retail prices for new and used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. For example, if retail prices for used vehicles rise relative to retail prices for new vehicles, it could make buying a new vehicle more attractive to our customers than buying a used vehicle, which could have a material adverse effect on sales and results of operations and could result in decreased used margins. Manufacturer incentives could contribute to narrowing this price gap. In addition, any significant changes in retail or wholesale prices for used vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations by reducing margins. 
 Our business is dependent upon access to vehicle inventory and the parts used to recondition such inventory. A failure to expeditiously liquidate that inventory or obstacles to acquiring inventory, including parts whether because of supply, competition, or other factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Used vehicle inventory is subject to depreciation risk. CarMax has experienced, and may continue to experience, steep market depreciation of its vehicle inventory due to changes in economic conditions, which could result in reduced retail and wholesale margins. The inability to liquidate excess inventory at prices that allow us to meet margin targets or to recover our costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 A reduction in the availability of, or access to, sources of inventory, including parts used to recondition inventory, also could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 We source a significant percentage of our vehicles through our appraisal process, which includes our online instant appraisal offers, and these vehicles are generally more profitable for CarMax. Accordingly, if we fail to adjust appraisal offers to stay in line with broader market trade-in offer trends, or fail to recognize those trends, it could adversely affect our ability to acquire inventory. It could also force us to purchase a greater percentage of our inventory from third-party auctions, which is generally less profitable for CarMax. Our ability to source vehicles through our appraisal process could also be affected by competition, both from new and used car dealers directly and through third parties driving appraisal traffic to those dealers. See the risk factor above titled We operate in a highly competitive industry for discussion of this risk. Our ability to source vehicles from third-party auctions could be affected by an increase in the number of closed auctions that are open only to new car dealers who have franchise relationships with automotive manufacturers. 
 Our failure to realize the benefits associated with our omni-channel initiatives could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 We have made a considerable investment in our omni-channel platform and a failure to capture the benefits that we expect from this rollout could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. We must anticipate and meet our customers expectations in an evolving retail industry. Our business, sales and results of operations may be negatively affected if we fail to provide a high quality and consistent customer experience, regardless of sales channel, if our omni-channel 
 14 

platform does not meet customer expectations, or if we are unable to attract, retain and manage the personnel at various levels who have the necessary skills and experience we need to implement our omni-channel initiatives. 
 
 Our failure to manage our growth and the related challenges could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 
 Our growth is dependent on the success of our omni-channel platform, opening stores in new and existing markets, continued sales growth and the build-out of our offsite production and auction facilities. These enhancements and expansions place significant demands on our management team, our associates and our information systems. If we fail to effectively or efficiently manage our growth, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Sales growth requires that we continue to effectively execute our business strategies and implement new and ongoing initiatives to elevate the experience of our customers. See the risk factor above titled Our failure to realize the benefits associated with our omni-channel initiatives could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations for more discussion of this risk. The expansion of our store base and implementation of new initiatives also requires us to recruit and retain the associates necessary to support that expansion. See the risk factor below titled Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our associates for discussion of this risk. The expansion of our business also requires real estate. Our inability to acquire or lease suitable real estate at favorable terms could limit our expansion and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our associates. 
 Our associates are the driving force behind our success. We believe that one of the things that distinguishes CarMax is a culture centered on valuing our associates. A failure to maintain our culture could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, managing our response to a changing economic environment as well as our strategic initiatives require management, employees and contractors to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. A failure to maintain an adaptable and responsive culture or to continue developing and retaining the associates that drive our success could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 
 We have experienced, and could experience in the future, a shortage of associates for retail and operational positions, which could have an impact on our ability to conduct our business and maintain qualified talent in key areas. If we are unable to maintain positive associate relations, or if, despite our efforts, we become subject to successful unionization efforts, it could increase costs, limit our ability to respond to competitive threats and have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 
 Our ongoing success also depends upon the continued contributions of our store, CEC, region and corporate management teams. Consequently, the loss of the services of any of these associates could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. In addition, an inability to build our management bench strength to support store growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 We may experience greater credit losses in CAF s portfolio of auto loans receivable than anticipated. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our customers who finance their purchases through CAF will be unable or unwilling to repay their loans according to their terms and that the vehicle collateral securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to ensure full repayment. Credit losses are inherent in CAF s business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We make various assumptions and judgments about CAF s portfolio of auto loans receivable and provide an allowance for loan losses based on a number of factors. Although management will establish an allowance for loan losses it believes is appropriate, this allowance may not be adequate. For example, when economic conditions deteriorate unexpectedly, additional loan losses not incorporated in the existing allowance for loan losses may occur. Losses in excess of the existing allowance for loan losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 15 

Our failure to realize the benefits associated with our strategic investments, including actual or potential acquisitions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations and we may incur impairment losses on our strategic investments in equity securities. 
 From time to time, CarMax makes strategic investments, including acquisitions, and we currently hold non-controlling equity investments in several companies. We may encounter difficulties in managing our strategic investments and in assimilating new capabilities or acquisitions to meet the future needs of our business. Furthermore, we may not realize all the anticipated benefits of these investments, or the realized benefits may be significantly delayed. While our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal, and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential benefits and risks of a particular investment. 
 Additionally, under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), if any investment s fair value declines below its carrying value, we will need to record an impairment loss in the applicable fiscal period. As a result, we may incur expenses related to the impairment of existing or future equity investments. Any such impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have a significant negative impact on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have been and may continue to be highly unpredictable and volatile. The extent to which COVID-19 continues to impact our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the potential resurgence of infections or the emergence of new variants and the extent of any containment or mitigation measures on our customers, vendors, and employees, all of which are uncertain and outside our control. If COVID-19 or any of its variants continues to have a significant negative impact on the economy, or if a new pandemic emerges, it could have an adverse impact on consumer demand, our retail operations, and our ability to secure financing, to source inventory and to maintain adequate staffing, among other adverse effects. 
 
 We rely on third-party finance providers to finance a significant portion of our customers vehicle purchases. Accordingly, our sales and results of operations are partially dependent on the actions of these third parties. 
 We provide financing to qualified retail customers through CAF and a number of third-party finance providers. We also have arrangements with third parties who provide financing to some of our auction customers. If one or more of these third-party providers cease to provide financing to our customers, provide financing to fewer customers or no longer provide financing on competitive terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Additionally, if we were unable to replace the current third-party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could also have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on third-party providers to supply EPP products to our customers. Accordingly, our sales and results of operations are partially dependent on the actions of these third-parties. 
 
 We receive revenue for selling EPP products on behalf of unrelated third-parties, who are the primary obligors. If one or more of these third-party providers cease to provide EPP products, make changes to their products or no longer provide their products on competitive terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. Additionally, if we were unable to replace the current third-party providers upon the occurrence of one or more of the foregoing events, it could also have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on third-party vendors for key components of our business. 
 Many components of our business, including data management, key operational processes and critical customer systems are provided by third parties. We carefully select our third-party vendors, but we do not control their actions. If our vendors fail to perform as we expect, our operations and reputation could suffer if the failure harms the vendors ability to serve us and our customers. One or more of these third-party vendors may experience financial distress, technology challenges, cybersecurity incidents, staffing shortages or liquidity challenges, file for bankruptcy protection, go out of business, or suffer disruptions in their business. The use of third-party vendors represents an inherent risk to our company that could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 16 

Our business is sensitive to conditions affecting automotive manufacturers, including manufacturer recalls. 
 Adverse conditions affecting one or more automotive manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations and could impact the supply of vehicles, including the supply of late-model used vehicles. In addition, manufacturer recalls are a common occurrence. Because we do not have manufacturer authorization to complete recall-related repairs, some vehicles we sell may have unrepaired safety recalls. Such recalls, and our lack of authorization to make recall-related repairs, could adversely affect used vehicle sales or valuations, could cause us to temporarily remove vehicles from inventory, could force us to incur increased costs and could expose us to litigation and adverse publicity related to the sale of recalled vehicles, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to management s accounting judgments and estimates, as well as changes in accounting policies. 
 The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of CarMax s assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and earnings. If these estimates or assumptions are incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We have identified several accounting policies as being critical to the fair presentation of our financial condition and results of operations because they involve major aspects of our business and require us to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. These policies are described in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The implementation of new accounting requirements or other changes to GAAP could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could adversely affect our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Protecting our intellectual property (including patents, trademarks, copyrights, confidential information and trade secrets) is integral to our business. The failure to protect our intellectual property, including from unauthorized uses, can erode consumer trust and our brand value and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our business is sensitive to weather events. 
 The occurrence of severe weather events, such as rain, hail, snow, wind, storms, hurricanes, extended periods of unusually cold weather or natural disasters, could cause store closures or affect the timing of consumer demand, either of which could adversely affect consumer traffic and could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations in a given period. 
 We are subject to local conditions in the geographic areas in which we are concentrated. 
 Our performance is subject to local economic, competitive and other conditions prevailing in geographic areas where we operate. Since a large portion of our sales is generated in the Southeastern U.S., California, Texas and Washington, D.C./Baltimore, our results of operations depend substantially on general economic conditions and consumer spending habits in these markets. In the event that any of these geographic areas experience a downturn in economic conditions, or are particularly affected by COVID-19 and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus, weather events or other region-specific incidents, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 
 TECHNOLOGY AND DATA PRIVACY RISKS 
 
 We collect sensitive confidential information from our customers. A breach of this confidentiality, whether due to a cybersecurity or other incident, could result in harm to our customers and damage to our brand. 
 We collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer information in the normal course of business and may share that information with our third-party service providers. This information includes the information customers provide when purchasing a vehicle and applying for vehicle financing. We also collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential associate information in the normal course of business and may share that information with our third-party service providers. Although we have taken measures designed to safeguard such information and have received assurances from our third-party providers, our facilities and systems, and those of third-party providers, could be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events. Numerous 
 17 

national retailers have disclosed security breaches involving sophisticated cyber-attacks that were not recognized or detected until after such retailers had been affected, notwithstanding the preventive measures such retailers had in place. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer or associate information, whether experienced by us or by our third-party service providers, and whether due to an external cybersecurity incident, a programming error, or other cause, could damage our reputation, expose us to mitigation costs and the risks of private litigation and government enforcement, disrupt our business and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. In addition, our failure to respond quickly and appropriately to such a security breach could exacerbate the consequences of the breach. 
 We are subject to numerous and rapidly changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding privacy, cybersecurity, and the collection, use, and disclosure of sensitive confidential information. If we fail to comply with these laws or regulations, we could suffer reputational harm and disruption to our business, and be subject to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, or fines. See the risk factor below titled We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition for the risks associated with failure to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 
 We rely on sophisticated information systems to run our business. The failure of these systems, or the inability to enhance our capabilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales and results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent upon the integrity and efficient operation of our information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to manage sales, inventory, our customer-facing websites and applications (carmax.com, carmaxautofinance.com, the CarMax mobile app, and carmaxauctions.com), consumer financing, customer information and other data. The failure of these systems to perform as designed, the failure to maintain or update these systems as necessary, or the inability to enhance our data management and information technology capabilities, could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 
 For example, in fiscal 2024, we expect to complete the implementation of a financial enterprise resource planning ERP system. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to our management team related to the operation of the business. Difficulties or disruptions in implementing and utilizing the new ERP system, including quality issues or programming errors, could result in delays, increased costs or other complications that could adversely affect our operating results, our ability to operate our business or the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Despite our ongoing efforts to maintain and enhance the integrity and security of these systems, we have been and could be subjected to attacks by hackers, including denial-of-service attacks directed at our websites or other system breaches or malfunctions due to associate error or misconduct or other disruptions. Such incidents could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on sales and results of operations. See the risk factor above titled We collect sensitive confidential information from our customers for the risks associated with a breach of confidential customer or associate information. 
 REGULATORY AND LITIGATION RISKS 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply, could have a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as changes in these laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied. Our sale of used vehicles and related products is subject to state and local licensing requirements, federal and state laws regulating marketing and advertising, and state laws regulating sales and services. Our provision of vehicle financing is subject to federal and state laws regulating the provision of consumer finance. Our facilities and business operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health and safety. In addition to these laws and regulations that apply specifically to our business, we are also subject to laws and regulations affecting public companies and large employers generally, including privacy laws and federal employment practices, securities and tax laws. For additional discussion of these laws and regulations, see the section of this Form 10-K titled Business Laws and Regulations. 
 The violation of any of these laws or regulations could result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties or in a cease-and-desist order against our business operations, any of which could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on 
 18 

our business, sales and results of operations. We have incurred and will continue to incur capital and operating expenses and other costs to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings. If the outcomes of these proceedings are adverse to CarMax, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to various litigation matters from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by individuals, either individually or through class actions, or by governmental entities in civil or criminal investigations and proceedings. These claims could be asserted under a variety of laws including, but not limited to, consumer finance laws, consumer protection laws, intellectual property laws, privacy laws, labor and employment laws, securities laws, employee benefit laws, tax laws and environmental laws. These actions could expose us to adverse publicity and to substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive relief and criminal and civil fines and penalties including, but not limited to, suspension or revocation of licenses to conduct business. 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation. 
 The price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon our operating results, general economic and market conditions, general trends and prospects for our industry, announcements by our competitors, our ability to achieve any long-term targets or performance metrics and other factors. In addition, the market price of our common stock may also be affected by whether we meet analysts expectations. Failure to meet such expectations could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation is more likely. If litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We conduct our retail vehicle operations primarily in two formats production and non-production stores. Production stores are those locations at which vehicle reconditioning is performed. Production stores have more service bays and require additional space for reconditioning activities and, therefore, are generally larger than non-production stores. In determining whether to construct a production or a non-production store on a given site, we take several factors into account, including the anticipated long-term regional reconditioning needs and the available acreage of the sites in that market. As a result, some stores that are constructed to accommodate reconditioning activities may initially be operated as non-production stores until we expand our presence in that market. We also have production and non-production stores that operate in Metropolitan Statistical Areas MSAs of less than 600,000 people, which we define as small markets. Some of these stores also have a smaller footprint compared with our stores in larger markets. 
 U SED C AR S TORES B Y F ORMAT AS OF F EBRUARY 28, 2023 
 
 Production Stores Non-production Stores Store count 108 132 Store location size generally 10 - 25 acres generally 4 - 12 acres Stores located in small MSAs 12 45 

19 

U SED C AR S TORES B Y S TATE AS OF F EBRUARY 28, 2023 
 State Count State Count Alabama 5 Missouri 4 Arizona 5 Nebraska 1 California 31 Nevada 4 Colorado 6 New Hampshire 1 Connecticut 3 New Jersey 4 Delaware 1 New Mexico 2 Florida 24 New York 4 Georgia 11 North Carolina 13 Idaho 1 Ohio 6 Illinois 10 Oklahoma 3 Indiana 4 Oregon 3 Iowa 1 Pennsylvania 5 Kansas 2 Rhode Island 1 Kentucky 2 South Carolina 4 Louisiana 5 Tennessee 10 Maine 1 Texas 25 Maryland 7 Utah 1 Massachusetts 4 Virginia 11 Michigan 1 Washington 5 Minnesota 2 Wisconsin 4 Mississippi 3 Total 240 
 
 Of the 240 used car stores open as of February 28, 2023, 157 were located on owned sites and 83 were located on leased sites. The leases are classified as follows: 
 Land-only leases 27 Land and building leases 56 Total leased sites 83 
 As of February 28, 2023, we leased our CAF office building in Atlanta, Georgia, as well as office buildings for our customer experience centers in Atlanta, Georgia; Kansas City, Missouri; and Phoenix, Arizona. We also lease other ancillary properties to support our corporate and store operations. We own our home office building in Richmond, Virginia and land associated with planned future stores, as well as planned offsite production and auction facilities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information in response to this Item is included in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 20 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The following table identifies our current executive officers. We are not aware of any family relationships among any of our executive officers or between any of our executive officers and any directors. All executive officers are elected annually and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify. The next election of officers will occur in June 2023. 
 Name Age Office William D. Nash .. . ........... 53 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Enrique N. Mayor-Mora.................................................. 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James Lyski . .. .......... 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer Shamim Mohammad . .. ... ..... 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Information and Technology Officer Diane L. Cafritz .... ....... 52 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer C. Joseph Wilson............................................................. 50 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Jon G. Daniels . .. .......... 51 Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Darren C. Newberry........................................................ 53 Senior Vice President, Store and CEC Execution 
 
 Mr. Nash joined CarMax in 1997 as auction manager. In 2007, he was promoted to vice president and later, senior vice president of merchandising, a position he held until 2011, when he was named senior vice president, human resources and administrative services. In 2012, he was promoted to executive vice president, human resources and administrative services. In February 2016, he was promoted to president, and in September 2016, he was promoted to chief executive officer and named to the board of directors. Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Nash worked at Circuit City. 
 Mr. Mayor-Mora joined CarMax in 2011 as vice president, finance before assuming the role of vice president and treasurer in 2016. Mr. Mayor-Mora was promoted to senior vice president and chief financial officer in 2019, and in 2022, he was promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining CarMax, he served as vice president of financial planning and analysis and investor relations at Denny s Corporation from 2005 to 2011. He also served in financial positions of increasing responsibility at Gap, Inc. from 2001 to 2005. 
 Mr. Lyski joined CarMax in August 2014 as senior vice president and chief marketing officer. In 2017, he was promoted to executive vice president and chief marketing officer. Prior to joining CarMax, he served as chief marketing officer of The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company from 2011 to 2014 and as chief marketing officer at Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company from 2006 to 2010. In addition, Mr. Lyski has held marketing leadership positions at Cigna Healthcare Inc. and FedEx Corporation. 
 Mr. Mohammad joined CarMax in 2012 as vice president of application development and IT planning. In 2014, he was promoted to senior vice president and chief information officer. In 2018, he was named senior vice president and chief information and technology officer and in 2021, he was promoted to executive vice president and chief information and technology officer. Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Mohammad was vice president of information technology at BJ s Wholesale Club from 2006 to 2012 and held various positions at Blockbuster and TravelCLICK. 
 Ms. Cafritz joined CarMax in 2003 as assistant general counsel. She was promoted to associate general counsel, director in 2005, deputy general counsel, assistant vice president in 2010, and vice president in 2014. During her tenure in the CarMax legal department, Ms. Cafritz managed commercial and consumer litigation, was responsible for operational regulatory guidance and led CarMax s government affairs program. In 2017, Ms. Cafritz was named senior vice president and chief human resources officer, and in 2021, she was named senior vice president, general counsel, chief compliance officer and chief human resources officer. In 2022, Ms. Cafritz was promoted to executive vice president, general counsel, chief compliance officer and chief human resources offer. Prior to joining CarMax, Ms. Cafritz was a partner at McDermott, Will Emery. 
 Mr. Wilson joined CarMax in 1995 as a buyer-in-training at the Raleigh, North Carolina store, where he was subsequently promoted to buyer and then senior buyer. Mr. Wilson later served as purchasing manager at two CarMax stores in southern Florida before being promoted to regional vice president of merchandising. He was promoted to assistant vice president, auction services and merchandising development in 2008, vice president, auction services and merchandising development in 2013, and then vice president, merchandising operations in 2016. In 2017, Mr. Wilson was promoted to senior vice president, store strategy and logistics, and in 2022, he was promoted to executive vice president and chief operating officer. 
 21 

Mr. Daniels joined CarMax in 2008 as vice president, risk and analytics. In 2014, he was promoted to senior vice president, CarMax Auto Finance. Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Daniels served as group director, credit risk management of HSBC and vice president of Metris. 
 Mr. Newberry joined CarMax in March 2004 as location general manager-in-training in the Los Angeles region and was promoted to location general manager of the Duarte, California store in 2006. He was subsequently promoted to positions of increasing responsibility, including regional vice president general manager in 2013 and vice president, regional sales in 2016. In 2017, he was promoted to senior vice president, store operations, and in 2022, he was named senior vice president, store and customer experience center CEC execution. Prior to joining CarMax, Mr. Newberry served as a store manager and area manager for Bed, Bath and Beyond from 1994 to 2004. 
 
 22 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol KMX. We are authorized to issue up to 350,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of February 28, 2023, there were 158,079,033 shares of CarMax common stock outstanding and we had approximately 2,700 shareholders of record. As of that date, there were no preferred shares outstanding. 
 We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 During fiscal 2023, we did not sell any CarMax equity securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information relating to the company s repurchase of common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. The table does not include transactions related to employee equity awards or the exercise of employee stock options. We paused the repurchase of our common stock during the third quarter of fiscal 2023 but may resume share repurchases at any time in the future depending on market conditions and our capital needs, among other factors. 
 Approximate Dollar Value Total Number of Shares that Total Number Average of Shares Purchased May Yet Be of Shares Price Paid as Part of Publicly Purchased Under Period Purchased per Share Announced Programs the Programs (1) 
 December 1-31, 2022 2,451,306,850 January 1-31, 2023 2,451,306,850 February 1-28, 2023 2,451,306,850 Total 
 (1) On October 23, 2018, the board authorized the repurchase of up to 2 billion of our common stock with no expiration date. In April 2022, the board increased our share repurchase authorization by 2 billion. Purchases may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions at management s discretion and the timing and amount of repurchases are determined based on share price, market conditions, legal requirements and other factors. Shares repurchased are deemed authorized but unissued shares of common stock. 
 
 23 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus dividends, as applicable) on our common stock for the last five fiscal years with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Retailing Index. The graph assumes an original investment of 100 in CarMax common stock and in each index on February 28, 2018, and the reinvestment of all dividends, as applicable. 
 
 As of February 28 or 29 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 CarMax 100.00 100.29 141.00 193.01 176.57 111.48 S P 500 Index 100.00 104.68 113.26 148.69 173.06 159.75 S P 500 Retailing Index 100.00 108.65 121.44 179.73 192.36 151.16 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

24 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes presented in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Note references are to the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. All references to net earnings per share are to diluted net earnings per share. Amounts and percentages may not total due to rounding. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 See Part I, Item 1 for a detailed description and discussion of the company s business. 
 
 CarMax is the nation s largest retailer of used vehicles. We operate in two reportable segments: CarMax Sales Operations and CarMax Auto Finance CAF ). Our CarMax Sales Operations segment consists of all aspects of our auto merchandising and service operations, excluding financing provided by CAF. Our CAF segment consists solely of our own finance operation that provides financing to customers buying retail vehicles from CarMax. Our consolidated financial statements include the financial results related to our Edmunds Holding Company Edmunds business, which does not meet the definition of a reportable segment. For purposes of our MD A discussion, amounts related to that business are discussed in combination with our CarMax Sales Operations segment. Separate discussion of these amounts is not considered meaningful for the purpose of gaining an understanding of our business, as the significant drivers of these operations in total are consistent with those of our CarMax Sales Operations segment. Where appropriate, specific amounts related to non-reportable segments have been disclosed for informational purposes. 
 CarMax Sales Operations 
 Our sales operations segment consists of retail sales of used vehicles and related products and services, such as wholesale vehicle sales; the sale of extended protection plan EPP products, which include extended service plans ESPs and guaranteed asset protection GAP and vehicle repair service. We offer competitive, no-haggle prices; a broad selection of CarMax Quality Certified used vehicles; value-added EPP products; and superior customer service. Our omni-channel platform, which gives us the largest addressable market in the used car industry, empowers our retail customers to buy a car on their terms online, in-store or an integrated combination of both. 
 
 Our customers finance the majority of the retail vehicles purchased from us, and availability of on-the-spot financing is a critical component of the sales process. We provide financing to qualified retail customers through CAF and our arrangements with industry-leading third-party finance providers. All of the finance offers, whether by CAF or our third-party providers, are backed by a 3-day payoff option. 
 As of February 28, 2023, we operated 240 used car stores in 109 U.S. television markets. 
 CarMax Auto Finance 
 In addition to third-party finance providers, we provide vehicle financing through CAF, which offers financing solely to customers buying retail vehicles from CarMax. CAF allows us to manage our reliance on third-party finance providers and to leverage knowledge of our business to provide qualifying customers a competitive financing option. As a result, we believe CAF enables us to capture additional profits, cash flows and sales. CAF income primarily reflects the interest and fee income generated by the auto loans receivable less the interest expense associated with the debt issued to fund these receivables, a provision for estimated loan losses and direct expenses. CAF income does not include any allocation of indirect costs. After the effect of 3-day payoffs and vehicle returns, CAF financed 42.1 of our retail used vehicle unit sales in fiscal 2023. As of February 28, 2023, CAF serviced approximately 1.1 million customer accounts in its 16.77 billion portfolio of managed receivables. 
 Management regularly analyzes CAF s operating results by assessing the competitiveness of our consumer offer, profitability, the performance of the auto loans receivable, including trends in credit losses and delinquencies, and CAF direct expenses. 
 25 

Revenues and Profitability 
 The sources of revenue and gross profit from the CarMax Sales Operations segment and other non-reportable segments for fiscal 2023 are as follows: 
 Net Sales and Operating Revenues Gross Profit 

A high-level summary of our financial results for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 is as follows (1) : 
 (Dollars in millions except per share or per unit data) 2023 Change from 2022 Income statement information Net sales and operating revenues 29,684.9 (6.9) Gross profit 2,800.2 (14.8) CAF income 663.4 (17.2) Selling, general and administrative expenses 2,487.4 7.0 Net earnings 484.8 (57.9) Unit sales information Used unit sales 807,823 (12.6) Change in used unit sales in comparable stores (14.3) N/A Wholesale unit sales 585,071 (17.2) Per unit information Used gross profit per unit 2,288 3.8 Wholesale gross profit per unit 1,008 (6.9) SG A as a of gross profit 88.8 18.1 Per share information Net earnings per diluted share 3.03 (56.5) Online sales metrics Online retail sales (2) 
 12 3 Omni sales (3) 
 53 (3) Revenue from online transactions (4) 
 30 2 
 (1) Where applicable, amounts are net of intercompany eliminations. 
 (2) An online retail sale is defined as a sale where the customer completes all four of the following activities remotely: reserving the vehicle; financing the vehicle, if needed; trading-in or opting out of a trade-in; and creating an online sales order. 
 (3) An omni sale is defined as a sale where customers complete at least one of the four activities listed above online. 
 (4) Revenue from online transactions is defined as revenue from retail sales that qualify as an online retail sale, as well as any related EPP and third-party finance contribution, wholesale sales where the winning bid was taken from an online bid and all revenue earned by Edmunds. 
 
 26 

Net earnings per diluted share during fiscal 2022 included a one-time benefit of 0.11 in connection with the receipt of settlement proceeds in November 2021 related to a class action lawsuit. 
 Refer to Results of Operations for further details on our revenues and profitability. A discussion regarding Results of Operations and Financial Condition for fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 is included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, filed with the SEC on April 14, 2022. 
 Liquidity 
 Our primary ongoing sources of liquidity include funds provided by operations, proceeds from non-recourse funding vehicles, and borrowings under our revolving credit facility or through other financing sources. In addition to funding our operations, this liquidity was used to fund the repurchase of common stock under our share repurchase program, our store growth and the Edmunds acquisition, which was completed during the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 Our current capital allocation strategy is to focus on our core business. Given our recent performance and continued market uncertainties, we are taking a conservative approach to our capital structure in order to maintain the flexibility that allows us to efficiently access the capital markets for both CAF and CarMax as a whole. We have taken steps to better align our expenses to sales, as well as paused our share repurchases and slowed the rate of our store growth. We believe we have the appropriate liquidity, access to capital and financial strength to support our operations and continue investing in our strategic initiatives for the foreseeable future. 
 Strategic Update and Future Outlook 
 Our omni-channel experience provides a common platform across all of CarMax that leverages our scale, nationwide footprint and infrastructure and empowers our customers to buy a vehicle on their terms. Our omni-channel platform empowers customers to buy a car on their own terms, whether online, in-store or through an integrated combination of online and in-store experiences. Our diversified business model, combined with our exceptional associates, national scale and unparalleled omni-channel experience, is a unique advantage in the used car industry that firmly positions us to drive profitable market share gains while creating shareholder value over the long-term. 
 During fiscal 2023, we achieved several key milestones as part of our focus on improving the customer experience, including the following: 
 We enhanced the omni-channel experience by enabling online self-progression capabilities for all customers and improving eSign functionality to better support the self-progression process. 
 We launched self-check-in capabilities for appraisal customers to drive efficiency gains in our stores. 
 We completed the nationwide rollout of Finance Based Shopping, our multi-lender pre-qualification product, which over 80 of our customers have chosen to leverage as they begin the credit process. 
 We improved our auction experience through the roll out of a modernized vehicle detail page that is mobile friendly and efficiently displays the most relevant information dealers need to preview our wholesale inventory, similar to how consumers shop our retail inventory. 
 We expanded MaxOffer, our digital appraisal product for dealers, to approximately 50 markets, which builds on our leading position as a buyer of cars. 
 As discussed above, all customers are now eligible to complete an online retail sale independently if they choose through online self-progression. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, online retail sales accounted for 14 of retail unit sales, up from 12 in the previous quarter and 11 in the prior year quarter. Omni sales represented approximately 52 of retail sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, consistent with the previous quarter and down from 55 in the prior year quarter. Online, omni and in-person sales can vary from quarter to quarter depending on consumer preferences and how they choose to interact with us. While we expect our online and omni sales to grow over time, our goal is to provide the best experience whether in-store, online or a combination of the two. 
 Revenue from online transactions was 1.7 billion, or approximately 30 of net revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, up from 28 in the previous quarter and down from 31 in the prior year quarter. 
 We purchased approximately 262,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, down 22 from the prior year quarter and up 10 from the prior quarter. Approximately 15,000 vehicles were purchased from dealers, up 7 from the prior quarter and up 4 from the prior year quarter. We leverage the Edmunds sales team to open new markets and sign-up new dealers for MaxOffer. 
 27 

For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, our self-sufficiency rate remained above 70 . The success of our online instant appraisal offer continues to strengthen our leadership position as the largest used vehicle buyer from consumers. 
 Our investments in the near term will focus on initiatives that unlock operational efficiencies and create better experiences for our associates and customers. Examples of these initiatives include: 
 Making it simple for customers to choose the express pick-up option through self-progression, which provides customers the ability to complete their transaction at one of our stores in as little as 30 minutes. 
 Enhancing online features to help customers feel more confident in completing key transaction steps on their own and to make it easier to go back and forth between assisted help and self-progression. 
 Integrating our finance-based shopping capability into our stores and CECs so that all consumers can utilize this product, as well as adding additional third-party finance providers to the finance-based shopping platform. 
 While we have slowed the pace of our omni-channel and other digital investments, we continue to selectively invest in initiatives that have the potential to activate new capabilities while lowering our costs, including the following: 
 Leveraging technology to enhance our transportation logistics capabilities, which we believe will enable us to consolidate loads, increase our mix of full loads and reduce the truck volume in and out of our stores. 
 Upgrading our auction experience by deploying a modernized vehicle detail page that is mobile friendly and efficiently displays the most relevant information dealers need to preview our wholesale inventory, similar to how customers shop our retail inventory. 
 Updating the MaxOffer product to provide a fully digital, instant offer experience to dealers. 
 We remain focused on ensuring we are efficient in our spend and are actively taking steps to further align our expenses to our sales levels. During the second half of fiscal 2023, this included reducing staffing in our stores and CECs through attrition, limiting hiring and contractor utilization in our corporate offices and continuing to align marketing spend to sales. While our total and per unit advertising expense decreased from the prior year quarter, our per unit spending for fiscal 2023 was aligned with the prior fiscal year. We anticipate maintaining per unit spend at a similar level during fiscal 2024. 
 Our SG A expenses in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 decreased from the prior year quarter. While SG A as a percent of gross profit can fluctuate from quarter to quarter depending on variability in gross profit, our initial goal on the path to strengthening our SG A to gross profit leverage over time is to achieve a rate in the mid-70 range on an annual basis. Achieving this will require both efficiency gains in our operating model, gross profit growth and healthier consumer demand. In fiscal 2024, we expect to require low single digit gross profit growth to lever SG A, which is well below the levels we targeted during our omni transformation. We also expect that the beginning of fiscal 2024 will benefit from the cost management actions we took in the second half of fiscal 2023. 
 Other steps we have taken to support our business for both the short- and long-term include slowing buys in light of steep market depreciation, reducing total inventory while maintaining saleable inventory levels, raising CAF's consumer rates, slowing our planned store growth and pausing share repurchases to provide more capital flexibility. 
 We expect our diversified model, the scale of our operations, our investments and omni-channel strategy to provide a solid foundation for further growth. As a result, we affirm the following long-term targets, which were disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2022: 
 Sell between 2 million and 2.4 million vehicles through our combined retail and wholesale channels by fiscal 2026. 
 Generate between 33 billion and 45 billion in revenue by fiscal 2026. 
 Grow our nationwide share of the age 0- to 10-year old used vehicle market to more than 5 by the end of calendar 2025. 
 The achievement of these targets is dependent on macroeconomic factors that could result in ongoing volatility in consumer demand. 
 In calendar 2022, we estimate we sold approximately 4.0 of the age 0- to 10-year old vehicles sold on a nationwide basis, consistent with calendar 2021. We estimate we sold approximately 4.8 of the age 0- to 10-year old vehicles sold in the current comparable store markets in which we operate in calendar 2022, consistent with 2021. External title data shows that the market share gains we achieved during the first half of the year were offset by share losses during the second half of the year as 
 28 

we prioritized profitability over share. However, we believe we are well positioned to deliver profitable market share gains. Our strategy to increase our market share includes focusing on: 
 Delivering a customer-driven, omni-channel buying and selling experience that is a unique and powerful integration of our in-store and online capabilities. 
 Utilizing advertising to drive customer growth, educate customers about our omni-channel platform and to differentiate and elevate our brand. 
 Hiring, developing and retaining an engaged and skilled workforce. 
 Leveraging data and advanced analytics to continuously improve the customer experience as well as our processes and systems. 
 Improving efficiency in our stores and CECs and our logistics operations to reduce waste. 
 Opening stores in new markets and expanding our presence in existing markets. 
 Becoming the leading retailer of used electric vehicles in the market, which will support our business and help CarMax be part of the solution to reduce emissions. 
 As of February 28, 2023, we had used car stores located in 109 U.S. television markets, which covered approximately 85 of the U.S. population. The format and operating models utilized in our stores are continuously evaluated and may change or evolve over time based upon market and consumer expectations. During fiscal 2023, we opened ten stores, and we anticipate opening five stores during fiscal 2024. 
 While we execute both our short- and long-term strategy, there are trends and factors that could impact our strategic approach or our results in the short and medium term. For additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company, see Risk Factors, included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Our results of operations and financial condition as reflected in the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We use our historical experience and other relevant factors when developing our estimates and assumptions. We regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions. Note 1 includes a discussion of significant accounting policies. The accounting policy discussed below is the one we consider critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements because its application places the most significant demands on our judgment. Our financial results might have been different if different assumptions had been used or other conditions had prevailed. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses represents the net credit losses expected over the remaining contractual life of our managed receivables. Because net loss performance can vary substantially over time, estimating net losses requires assumptions about matters that are uncertain. 
 The allowance for loan losses is determined using a net loss timing curve, primarily based on the composition of the portfolio of managed receivables and historical gross loss and recovery trends. Due to the fact that losses for receivables with less than 18 months of performance history can be volatile, our net loss estimate weights both historical losses by credit grade at origination and actual loss data on the receivables to-date, along with forward loss curves, in estimating future performance. Once the receivables have 18 months of performance history, the net loss estimate reflects actual loss experience of those receivables to date, along with forward loss curves, to predict future performance. The forward loss curves are constructed using historical performance data and show the average timing of losses over the course of a receivable s life. The net loss estimate is calculated by applying the loss rates developed using the methods described above to the amortized cost basis of the managed receivables. 
 The output of the net loss timing curve is adjusted to take into account reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. Specifically, the change in U.S. unemployment rates and the National Automobile Dealers Association used vehicle price index are used to predict changes in gross loss and recovery rate, respectively. An economic adjustment factor, based upon a single macroeconomic scenario, is developed to capture the relationship between changes in these indices and changes in gross loss and recovery rates. This factor is applied to the output of the net loss timing curve for the reasonable and supportable forecast period of two years. After the end of this two-year period, we revert to historical experience on a straightline basis over a period of 12 months. We periodically consider whether the use of alternative metrics would result in improved model performance and revise the model when appropriate. We also consider whether qualitative adjustments are necessary for factors that are not reflected in the quantitative methods but impact the measurement of estimated credit losses. Such 
 29 

adjustments include the uncertainty of the impacts of recent economic trends on customer behavior. The change in the allowance for loan losses is recognized through an adjustment to the provision for loan losses. 
 Determining the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses requires management to exercise judgment about matters that are inherently uncertain, including the timing and distribution of net losses that could materially affect the allowance for loan losses and, therefore, net earnings. To the extent that actual performance differs from our estimates, additional provision for credit losses may be required that would reduce net earnings. A 10 change in the estimated loss rates would have changed the allowance for loan losses by approximately 50.7 million as of February 28, 2023. 
 See Notes 1(H) and 5 for additional information on the allowance for loan losses. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS CARMAX SALES OPERATIONS AND OTHER NON-REPORTABLE SEGMENTS 
 
 N ET S ALES AND O PERATING R EVENUES 
 Years Ended February 28 (In millions) 2023 Change 2022 Change 2021 Used vehicle sales 23,034.3 (5.7) 24,437.1 55.5 15,713.6 Wholesale vehicle sales 5,989.8 (11.4) 6,763.8 153.4 2,668.8 Other sales and revenues: Extended protection plan revenues 422.3 (11.7) 478.4 15.9 412.8 Third-party finance income/(fees), net 7.0 351.7 1.5 103.9 (39.6) Advertising subscription revenues (1) 
 133.3 30.9 101.8 100.0 Other 98.2 (16.5) 117.8 (39.5) 194.6 Total other sales and revenues 660.8 (5.5) 699.5 23.2 567.8 Total net sales and operating revenues 29,684.9 (6.9) 31,900.4 68.3 18,950.1 
 
 (1) Excludes intersegment sales and operating revenues that have been eliminated in consolidation. See Note 20 for further details. 
 
 U NIT S ALES Years Ended February 28 2023 Change 2022 Change 2021 Used vehicles 807,823 (12.6) 924,338 22.9 751,862 Wholesale vehicles 585,071 (17.2) 706,212 65.7 426,268 
 
 A VERAGE S ELLING P RICES Years Ended February 28 2023 Change 2022 Change 2021 Used vehicles 28,251 7.8 26,207 26.7 20,690 Wholesale vehicles 9,872 6.9 9,238 55.1 5,957 
 
 C OMPARABLE S TORE U SED V EHICLE S ALES C HANGES Years Ended February 28 (1) 
 2023 2022 2021 Used vehicle units (14.3) 21.9 (11.7) Used vehicle revenues (7.6) 54.3 (10.5) 
 
 (1) Stores are added to the comparable store base beginning in their fourteenth full month of operation. We do not remove renovated stores from our comparable store base. Comparable store calculations include results for a set of stores that were included in our comparable store base in both the current and corresponding prior year periods. 
 
 30 

V EHICLE S ALES C HANGES Years Ended February 28 2023 2022 2021 Used vehicle units (12.6) 22.9 (9.7) Used vehicle revenues (5.7) 55.5 (8.5) Wholesale vehicle units (17.2) 65.7 (8.6) Wholesale vehicle revenues (11.4) 153.4 6.7 
 
 U SED V EHICLE F INANCING P ENETRATION BY C HANNEL (B EFORE THE I MPACT OF 3 - D AY P AYOFFS) Years Ended February 28 (1) 
 2023 2022 2021 CAF (2) 
 45.4 46.1 45.5 Tier 2 (3) 
 22.0 22.5 22.3 Tier 3 (4) 
 6.5 7.8 10.9 Other (5) 
 26.1 23.6 21.3 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 
 (1) Calculated as used vehicle units financed for respective channel as a percentage of total used units sold. 
 (2) Includes CAF s Tier 2 and Tier 3 loan originations, which represent approximately 2 of total used units sold. 
 (3) Third-party finance providers who generally pay us a fee or to whom no fee is paid. 
 (4) Third-party finance providers to whom we pay a fee. 
 (5) Represents customers arranging their own financing and customers that do not require financing. 
 
 C HANGE IN U SED C AR S TORE B ASE Years Ended February 28 2023 2022 2021 Used car stores, beginning of year 230 220 216 Store openings 10 10 4 Used car stores, end of year 240 230 220 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we opened 10 stores, including our entry into the New York metro and Amarillo markets (Edison, NJ; Stockton, CA; Wayne, NJ; East Meadow, NY; Oceanside, CA; Joliet, IL; Asheville, NC; Greenwood, IN; College Station, TX; and Amarillo, TX). 
 
 Used Vehicle Sales 
 Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. The 5.7 decrease in used vehicle revenues in fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by a 12.6 decrease in used unit sales, partially offset by a 7.8 increase in average retail selling price. The decrease in used units included a 14.3 decrease in comparable store used unit sales. Online retail sales, as defined previously, accounted for 12 of used unit sales in fiscal 2023, compared with 9 in fiscal 2022. 
 During fiscal 2023, we believe a number of macroeconomic factors impacted our used unit sales performance, including challenges to vehicle affordability that stem from broad inflation, rising interest rates, tightening lending standards and low consumer confidence. We believe our performance was also impacted by transitory competitive responses to the current environment while we maintained our focus on profitable market share gains. 
 The increase in average retail selling price in fiscal 2023 reflected higher vehicle acquisition costs, partially offset by shifts in the mix of our sales by vehicle age. 
 Wholesale Vehicle Sales 
 Vehicles sold at our wholesale auctions are, on average, approximately 10 years old with more than 100,000 miles and are primarily comprised of vehicles purchased through our appraisal process that do not meet our retail standards. Our wholesale auction prices usually reflect trends in the general wholesale market for the types of vehicles we sell, although they can also be affected by changes in vehicle mix or the average age, mileage or condition of the vehicles being sold. 
 31 

Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. The 11.4 decrease in wholesale vehicle revenues in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to a 17.2 decrease in unit sales, partially offset by a 6.9 increase in average selling price. Wholesale volume was negatively impacted by our decision to shift some units from wholesale to retail to meet consumer demand for lower priced vehicles. The net increase in average selling price in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to increased acquisition costs resulting from strong industry valuations in the beginning of fiscal 2023, which continued from the prior fiscal year, offsetting depreciation in the second half of the fiscal year. 
 Other Sales and Revenues 
 Other sales and revenues include revenue from the sale of ESPs and GAP (collectively reported in EPP revenues, net of a reserve for estimated contract cancellations), net third-party finance income/(fees), advertising and subscription revenues earned by our Edmunds business, and other revenues, which are predominantly comprised of service department sales. The fees we pay to the Tier 3 providers are reflected as an offset to finance fee revenues received from the Tier 2 providers. The mix of our retail vehicles financed by CAF, Tier 2 and Tier 3 providers, or customers that arrange their own financing, may vary from quarter to quarter depending on several factors including the credit quality of applicants, changes in providers credit decisioning and external market conditions. Changes in originations by one tier of credit providers may also affect the originations made by providers in other tiers. 
 Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. Other sales and revenues decreased 5.5 in fiscal 2023, reflecting the decrease in EPP revenue and a decline in new vehicle sales, partially offset by the inclusion of twelve months of Edmunds revenue in fiscal 2023 compared to nine months of Edmunds revenue in fiscal 2022. EPP revenues decreased 11.7 , primarily driven by the decline in our retail unit volume and a decrease in profit sharing revenue recognized in the current year, partially offset by increased margins. The decline in new car sales was driven by the divestiture of our remaining new car franchise in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 G ROSS P ROFIT Years Ended February 28 (1) 
 (In millions) 2023 Change 2022 Change 2021 Used vehicle gross profit 1,848.2 (9.3) 2,038.4 28.3 1,588.9 Wholesale vehicle gross profit 589.8 (22.9) 764.5 80.6 423.3 Other gross profit 362.2 (25.2) 484.6 32.1 366.9 Total 2,800.2 (14.8) 3,287.5 38.2 2,379.1 
 
 (1) Amounts are net of intercompany eliminations. 
 
 G ROSS P ROFIT P ER U NIT Years Ended February 28 (1) 
 2023 2022 2021 per unit (2) 
 (3) 
 per unit (2) 
 (3) 
 per unit (2) 
 (3) 
 Used vehicle gross profit 2,288 8.0 2,205 8.3 2,113 10.1 Wholesale vehicle gross profit 1,008 9.8 1,083 11.3 993 15.9 Other gross profit 448 54.8 524 69.3 488 64.6 
 
 (1) Amounts are net of intercompany eliminations. Those eliminations had the effect of increasing used vehicle gross profit per unit and wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit and decreasing other gross profit per unit by immaterial amounts. 
 (2) Calculated as category gross profit divided by its respective units sold, except the other category, which is divided by total used units sold. 
 (3) Calculated as a percentage of its respective sales or revenue. 
 
 Used Vehicle Gross Profit 
 We target a dollar range of gross profit per used unit sold. The gross profit dollar target for an individual vehicle is based on a variety of factors, including its probability of sale and its mileage relative to its age; however, it is not primarily based on the vehicle s selling price. Our ability to quickly adjust appraisal offers to be consistent with the broader market trade-in trends and the pace of our inventory turns reduce our exposure to the inherent continual fluctuation in used vehicle values and contribute to our ability to manage gross profit dollars per unit. Gross profit per used unit is consistent across our omni-channel platform. 
 32 

We systematically adjust individual vehicle prices based on proprietary pricing algorithms in order to appropriately balance sales trends, inventory turns and gross profit achievement. Other factors that may influence gross profit include the wholesale and retail vehicle pricing environments, vehicle reconditioning and logistics costs, and the percentage of vehicles sourced directly from consumers through our appraisal process. Vehicles purchased directly from consumers and dealers generally have a lower cost per unit compared with vehicles purchased at auction or through other channels, which may generate more gross profit per unit. In any given period, our gross profit may also be impacted by the age mix of vehicles sold, as older vehicles are generally more profitable. We monitor macroeconomic factors and pricing elasticity and adjust our pricing accordingly to optimize unit sales and profitability while also maintaining a competitively priced inventory. 
 Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. Used vehicle gross profit decreased 9.3 in fiscal 2023, driven by the 12.6 decrease in total used unit sales, partially offset by the 83 increase in used vehicle gross profit per unit. We continue to focus on striking the right balance between covering cost increases, maintaining margin and passing along efficiencies to consumers to support vehicle affordability. 
 Wholesale Vehicle Gross Profit 
 Our wholesale gross profit per unit reflects the demand for older, higher mileage vehicles, which are the mainstay of our auctions, as well as strong dealer attendance and resulting high dealer-to-car ratios at our auctions. The frequency of our auctions, which are generally held weekly or bi-weekly, minimizes the depreciation risk on these vehicles. Our ability to adjust appraisal offers in response to the wholesale pricing environment is a key factor that influences wholesale gross profit. 
 Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. Wholesale vehicle gross profit decreased 22.9 in fiscal 2023, driven by the 17.2 decrease in wholesale unit sales as well as the 75 decrease in wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit. Our decision to source a higher mix of older vehicles for retail sale also impacted wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit. When those vehicles cannot be reconditioned to our standards for consumer sales, we shift them to wholesale, which often sell at lower margins. 
 Other Gross Profit 
 Other gross profit includes profits related to EPP revenues, net third-party finance income/(fees), advertising and subscription profits earned by our Edmunds business, and other revenues. Other revenues are predominantly comprised of service department operations, including used vehicle reconditioning. We have no cost of sales related to EPP revenues or net third-party finance income/(fees), as these represent revenues paid to us by certain third-party providers. Third-party finance income is reported net of the fees we pay to third-party Tier 3 finance providers. Accordingly, changes in the relative mix of the components of other gross profit can affect the composition and amount of other gross profit. 
 Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. Other gross profit decreased 25.2 in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by an 81.5 million decline in service department margins as well as a decrease in EPP revenues, as discussed above, partially offset by the inclusion of twelve months of Edmunds' gross profit in fiscal 2023 compared with nine months of Edmunds' gross profit in fiscal 2022. The decline in service department profits was driven by deleverage resulting from lower retail unit sales, inflationary pressure and our decision to maintain technician staffing. 
 33 

C OMPONENTS OF SG A E XPENSES AS A P ERCENTAGE OF T OTAL SG A E XPENSES 
 Fiscal Year 2023 
 Fiscal Year 2022 

C OMPONENTS OF SG A E XPENSES C OMPARED WITH P RIOR P ERIODS (1) Years Ended February 28 (In millions except per unit data) 2023 Change 2022 Change 2021 Compensation and benefits: Compensation and benefits, excluding share-based compensation expense 
 1,282.4 4.7 1,224.4 34.6 909.8 Share-based compensation expense 83.6 (18.0) 102.0 (8.8) 111.7 Total compensation and benefits (2) 
 1,366.0 3.0 1,326.4 29.8 1,021.5 Store occupancy costs 267.3 16.3 229.9 12.3 204.7 Advertising expense 288.5 (11.5) 325.9 49.8 217.5 Other overhead costs (3) 
 565.6 27.6 443.0 70.0 260.7 Total SG A expenses 2,487.4 7.0 2,325.2 36.4 1,704.4 SG A as a of gross profit 88.8 18.1 70.7 (0.9) 71.6 
 (1) Amounts are net of intercompany eliminations. 
 (2) Excludes compensation and benefits related to reconditioning and vehicle repair service, which are included in cost of sales. See Note 14 for details of share-based compensation expense by grant type. 
 (3) Includes IT expenses, non-CAF bad debt, preopening and relocation costs, insurance, charitable contributions, travel and other administrative expenses. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022 (Increase of 162.2 million or 7.0 ). Factors contributing to the net increase include the following: 
 122.6 million increase in other overhead costs, primarily driven by investments to advance our technology platforms and support our strategic and growth initiatives. The increase also included a 22.6 million one-time benefit in the prior year related to the receipt of settlement proceeds in a class action lawsuit. Other overhead costs were also negatively impacted by a year-over-year increase in non-CAF uncollectible receivables. This increase reflects several factors including, but not limited to, ongoing DMV processing delays, costs associated with our Love Your Car Guarantee program and field execution opportunities stemming from the dynamic operating environment. 
 58.0 million increase in compensation and benefits expense, excluding share-based compensation expense, driven by increased staffing and wage pressures as well as the inclusion of Edmunds for twelve months in the current year compared to nine months in the prior year, partially offset by a 32.8 million decrease in bonus compensation expense. 
 37.4 million increase in store occupancy costs driven by the 9.1 increase in our store base since the beginning of the last fiscal year as well as other growth- and capacity-related costs. 
 37.4 million decrease in advertising expense driven by our deliberate efforts to reduce marketing spend to align with sales. 
 18.4 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, primarily related to cash-settled restricted stock units, as the expense associated with these units was primarily driven by the change in the company's stock price during the relevant periods. 
 34 

Interest Expense 
 Interest expense includes the interest related to short- and long-term debt, financing obligations and finance lease obligations. It does not include interest on the non-recourse notes payable, which is reflected within CAF income. 
 Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. Interest expense increased to 120.4 million in fiscal 2023 versus 94.1 million in fiscal 2022. The increase primarily reflected higher interest rates as well as higher outstanding debt balances in the current fiscal year, including the 700 million term loan issued in October 2021. 
 Other Income 
 Other income decreased to 9.4 million in fiscal 2023 compared with 34.6 million in fiscal 2022. The decrease was primarily due to net gains on an equity investment recorded during fiscal 2022. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective income tax rate was 23.9 in fiscal 2023 compared with 22.9 in fiscal 2022. The increase in the effective income tax rate was primarily driven by the change in excess tax benefit related to settlements of share-based awards. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS CARMAX AUTO FINANCE 
 
 CAF income primarily reflects interest and fee income generated by CAF s portfolio of auto loans receivable less the interest expense associated with the debt issued to fund these receivables, a provision for estimated loan losses and direct CAF expenses. Total interest margin reflects the spread between interest and fees charged to consumers and our funding costs. Changes in the interest margin on new originations affect CAF income over time. Increases in interest rates, which affect CAF s funding costs, or other competitive pressures on consumer rates, could result in compression in the interest margin on new originations. Changes in the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of ending managed receivables reflect the effect of changes in loss and delinquency experience and economic factors on our outlook for net losses expected to occur over the remaining contractual life of the loans receivable as well as changes in the mix of credit quality originated. 
 CAF s managed portfolio is composed primarily of loans originated over the past several years. Trends in receivable growth and interest margins primarily reflect the cumulative effect of changes in the business over a multi-year period. Historically, we have sought to originate loans in our core portfolio, which excludes Tier 2 and Tier 3 originations, with an underlying risk profile that we believe will, in the aggregate, result in cumulative net losses in the 2 to 2.5 range (excluding CECL-required recovery costs) over the life of the loans. Actual loss performance of the loans may fall outside of this range based on various factors, including intentional changes in the risk profile of originations, economic conditions and wholesale recovery rates. Current period originations reflect current trends in both our retail sales and the CAF business, including the volume of loans originated, current interest rates charged to consumers, loan terms and average credit scores. Loans originated in a given fiscal period impact CAF income over time, as we recognize income over the life of the underlying auto loan. 
 CAF also originates a small portion of auto loans to customers who typically would be financed by our Tier 2 and Tier 3 finance providers, in order to better understand the performance of these loans, mitigate risk and add incremental profits. Historically, CAF has targeted originating approximately 5 of the total Tier 3 loan volume, which we increased to 10 during fiscal 2022 and throughout most of fiscal 2023. In response to the current environment, CAF adjusted its underwriting standards, including, towards the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, reducing its targeted percentage of Tier 3 volume from 10 to 5 . Within the Tier 2 space, CAF continues to originate loans on a test basis. Any future adjustments in Tier 2 and Tier 3 will consider the broader lending environment along with the long-term sustainability of the change. These loans have higher loss and delinquency rates than the remainder of the CAF portfolio, as well as higher contract rates. 
 CAF income does not include any allocation of indirect costs. Although CAF benefits from certain indirect overhead expenditures, we have not allocated indirect costs to CAF to avoid making subjective allocation decisions. Examples of indirect costs not allocated to CAF include retail store expenses and corporate expenses. 
 See Note 4 for additional information on CAF income and Note 5 for information on auto loans receivable, including credit quality. 
 35 

S ELECTED CAF F INANCIAL I NFORMATION 
 Years Ended February 28 (In millions) 2023 (1) 
 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 Interest margin: Interest and fee income 1,441.5 8.8 1,296.8 8.7 1,142.0 8.5 Interest expense (310.3) (1.9) (228.8) (1.5) (314.1) (2.3) Total interest margin 1,131.2 6.9 1,068.0 7.2 827.9 6.1 Provision for loan losses (317.0) (1.9) (141.7) (0.9) (160.7) (1.2) CarMax Auto Finance income 663.4 4.1 801.5 5.4 562.8 4.2 
 
 (1) Percent of total average managed receivables. 
 
 CAF O RIGINATION I NFORMATION (A FTER THE I MPACT OF 3 - D AY P AYOFFS) 
 Years Ended February 28 2023 2022 2021 Net loans originated (in millions) 
 8,832.7 9,371.2 6,395.0 Vehicle units financed 340,077 393,681 319,346 Net penetration rate (1) 
 42.1 42.6 42.5 Weighted average contract rate 9.7 8.5 8.4 Weighted average credit score (2) 
 708 703 706 Weighted average loan-to-value (LTV) (3) 
 88.3 88.7 92.0 Weighted average term (in months) 
 66.0 66.6 66.0 
 
 (1) Vehicle units financed as a percentage of total used units sold. 
 (2) The credit scores represent FICO scores and reflect only receivables with obligors that have a FICO score at the time of application. The FICO score with respect to any receivable with co-obligors is calculated as the average of each obligor s FICO score at the time of application. FICO scores are not a significant factor in our primary scoring model, which relies on information from credit bureaus and other application information as discussed in Note 5. FICO is a federally registered servicemark of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 (3) LTV represents the ratio of the amount financed to the total collateral value, which is measured as the vehicle selling price plus applicable taxes, title and fees. 
 
 L OAN P ERFORMANCE I NFORMATION As of and for the Years Ended February 28 (In millions) 2023 2022 2021 Total ending managed receivables 16,767.9 15,652.3 13,847.2 Total average managed receivables 16,304.3 14,934.0 13,463.3 Allowance for loan losses 507.2 433.0 411.1 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of ending managed receivables 3.02 2.77 2.97 Net credit losses on managed receivables 242.8 119.8 109.4 Net credit losses as a percentage of total average managed receivables 1.49 0.80 0.81 Past due accounts as a percentage of ending managed receivables 5.00 4.02 2.83 Average recovery rate (1) 
 64.2 70.8 53.5 
 
 (1) The average recovery rate represents the average percentage of the outstanding principal balance we receive when a vehicle is repossessed and liquidated, generally at our wholesale auctions. While in any individual period conditions may vary, over the past 10 fiscal years, the annual recovery rate has ranged from a low of 46 to a high of 71 , and it is primarily affected by the wholesale market environment. 
 
 36 

Fiscal 2023 Versus Fiscal 2022. 
 CAF Income decreased 138.1 million, or 17.2 , reflecting an increase in the provision for loan losses and a decrease in the net interest margin percentage, partially offset by an increase in average managed receivables. 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses (Increased to 317.0 million from 141.7 million) 
 The current year provision increase was primarily the result of the previously disclosed expansion of Tier 2 and Tier 3 originations within CAF's portfolio and unfavorable performance within the portfolio as well as the uncertain macroeconomic environment. In addition, the prior fiscal year was positively impacted by a reduced provision coming out of the pandemic from fiscal 2021. 
 The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of ending managed receivables was 3.02 as of February 28, 2023 compared with 2.77 as of February 28, 2022 due to the factors noted above. 
 
 Total interest margin decreased as a percentage of average managed receivables to 6.9 in fiscal 2023 compared with 7.2 in fiscal 2022. The decrease was primarily the result of higher funding costs, partially offset by higher interest and fees from consumers. 
 
 Loan Performance 
 The decrease in net loan originations in fiscal 2023 resulted from a decrease in used unit sales and the net penetration rate, partially offset by an increase in the average amount financed. 
 CAF net penetration for fiscal 2023 declined from the prior year, largely reflecting shifts in the mix of customers utilizing outside financing. 
 The weighted average contract rate increased to 9.7 in fiscal 2023, compared with 8.5 in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to higher rates charged to customers in response to the current interest rate environment. We expect that these significant pricing moves, along with more gradual movements in our cost of funds, should allow our total interest margin to level off in fiscal 2024. 
 The increase in past due accounts as a percentage of ending managed receivables for fiscal 2023 primarily reflects an increase in delinquencies as well as our expansion of Tier 2 and Tier 3 originations within CAF's portfolio. The increase in delinquencies primarily reflects customer hardship in the current economic environment. 

PLANNED FUTURE ACTIVITIES 
 
 For fiscal 2024, we plan to open five stores, including two more stores in the New York City metro market, as well as our first offsite production location in the Atlanta metro market. We currently estimate capital expenditures will total approximately 450 million in fiscal 2024. Capital expenditures were 422.7 million in fiscal 2023. Planned capital spending in fiscal 2024 largely reflects spending to support our future long-term growth, including investments in auction, sales and production facilities, as well as our new stores. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See Note 1(X) to the consolidated financial statements for information on recent accounting pronouncements applicable to CarMax. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary ongoing cash requirements are to fund our existing operations, store expansion and improvement, CAF and strategic growth initiatives. Since fiscal 2013, we have also elected to use cash for our share repurchase program. Our primary ongoing sources of liquidity include funds provided by operations, proceeds from non-recourse funding vehicles and borrowings under our revolving credit facility or through other financing sources. 
 Our current capital allocation strategy is to focus on our core business. Given our recent performance and continued market uncertainties, we are taking a conservative approach to our capital structure in order to maintain the flexibility that allows us to efficiently access the capital markets for both CAF and CarMax as a whole. We have taken steps to better align our expenses to sales, as well as paused our share repurchases and slowed the rate of our store growth. We believe we have the appropriate liquidity, access to capital and financial strength to support our operations and continue investing in our strategic initiatives for the foreseeable future. 
 37 

On June 1, 2021, we completed our acquisition of Edmunds for a total purchase price of 401.8 million, inclusive of our initial investment. The consideration paid at closing included a combination of cash and shares of CarMax common stock. See Note 2 for additional information. 
 We are party to contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. These obligations impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. Our contractual obligations primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, leases, purchase obligations and commitments, income taxes and defined benefit retirement plans. See Notes 13 and 17 for amounts outstanding as of February 28, 2023 related to debt and leases, respectively. 
 Our contractual obligations related to income taxes represent the net unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. See Note 11 for information related to income taxes. Our contractual obligations related to defined benefit retirement plans represent the funded status recognized as of February 28, 2023. See Note 12 for information related to these plans. 
 Purchase obligations and commitments consist of certain enforceable and legally binding obligations related to real estate purchases, third-party outsourcing services and advertising. As of February 28, 2023, our purchase obligations and commitments were approximately 407.3 million, of which 246.2 million are due in fiscal 2024. The majority of the remaining purchase obligations and commitments are due within the next three years. 
 We currently target an adjusted debt-to-total capital ratio in a range of 35 to 45 . At the end of fiscal 2023, our adjusted debt to capital ratio, net of cash on hand, was below our targeted range for the year. In calculating this ratio, we utilize total debt excluding non-recourse notes payable, finance lease liabilities, a multiple of eight times rent expense and total shareholders equity. Generally, we expect to use our revolving credit facility and other financing sources, together with stock repurchases, to maintain this targeted ratio; however, in any period, we may be outside this range due to seasonal, market, strategic or other factors. 
 Operating Activities . During fiscal 2023, net cash provided by operating activities totaled 1.28 billion, compared with net cash used in operating activities of 2.55 billion in fiscal 2022. 
 As of February 28, 2023, total inventory was 3.73 billion, representing a decrease of 1.40 billion, or 27.3 , compared with the balance as of the start of the fiscal year. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in vehicle units reflecting lower sales volume as well as a decline in the average carrying cost of inventory as a result of market depreciation. 
 Our operating cash flows are significantly impacted by changes in auto loans receivable, which increased 1.37 billion in fiscal 2023 compared with 1.94 billion in fiscal 2022. The majority of the changes in auto loans receivable are accompanied by changes in non-recourse notes payable, which are issued to fund auto loans originated by CAF. Net issuances of non-recourse notes payable were 893.3 million in fiscal 2023 compared with 1.70 billion in fiscal 2022 and are separately reflected as cash from financing activities. Due to the presentation differences between auto loans receivable and non-recourse notes payable on the consolidated statements of cash flows, fluctuations in these amounts can have a significant impact on our operating and financing cash flows without affecting our overall liquidity, working capital or cash flows. 
 The change in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities for fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 reflected the changes in inventory and auto loans receivable, as discussed above, as well as the net impact of volume and timing-related changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable, partially offset by a decrease in net earnings when excluding non-cash expenses, which include depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense and the provisions for loan losses and cancellation reserves. 
 Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing activities totaled 425.8 million in fiscal 2023 compared with 523.7 million in fiscal 2022. For fiscal 2022, this included 241.6 million in cash paid in connection with the Edmunds acquisition, net of cash acquired. Capital expenditures were 422.7 million in fiscal 2023 versus 308.5 million in fiscal 2022. Capital expenditures primarily included store construction costs as well as investments in growth capacity initiatives and technology. We maintain a multi-year pipeline of sites to support our store and capacity growth, so portions of capital spending in one year may relate to stores that we open in subsequent fiscal years. 
 Financing Activities . Net cash used in financing activities was 710.2 million in fiscal 2023, compared with net cash provided by financing activities of 3.10 billion in fiscal 2022. Included in these amounts were net issuances of non-recourse notes payable of 893.3 million compared with 1.70 billion in the prior year. Non-recourse notes payable are typically used to fund changes in auto loans receivable (see Operating Activities ). 
 38 

During fiscal 2023, cash used in financing activities was impacted by stock repurchases of 333.9 million as well as net payments on our long-term debt of 1.25 billion. During fiscal 2022, cash provided by financing activities was impacted by stock repurchases of 576.5 million as well as net borrowings on our long-term debt of 1.93 billion. 
 T OTAL D EBT AND C ASH AND C ASH E QUIVALENTS (In thousands) As of February 28 Debt Description (1) 
 Maturity Date 2023 2022 Revolving credit facility (2) 
 June 2024 1,243,500 Term loan (2) 
 June 2024 300,000 300,000 Term loan (2) 
 October 2026 699,493 699,352 3.86 Senior notes April 2023 100,000 100,000 4.17 Senior notes April 2026 200,000 200,000 4.27 Senior notes April 2028 200,000 200,000 Financing obligations Various dates through February 2059 522,526 524,766 Non-recourse notes payable Various dates through November 2029 16,360,092 15,466,799 Total debt (3) 
 18,382,111 18,734,417 Cash and cash equivalents 314,758 102,716 
 (1) Interest is payable monthly, with the exception of our senior notes, which are payable semi-annually. 
 (2) Borrowings accrue interest at variable rates based on the Eurodollar rate (LIBOR), or successor benchmark rate, the federal funds rate, or the prime rate, depending on the type of borrowing. 
 (3) Total debt excludes unamortized debt issuance costs. See Note 13 for additional information. 
 
 Borrowings under our 2.00 billion unsecured revolving credit facility are available for working capital and general corporate purposes, and the unused portion is fully available to us. The credit facility, term loans and senior note agreements contain representations and warranties, conditions and covenants. If these requirements are not met, all amounts outstanding or otherwise owed could become due and payable immediately and other limitations could be placed on our ability to use any available borrowing capacity. As of February 28, 2023, we were in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 See Note 13 for additional information on our revolving credit facility, term loans, senior notes and financing obligations. 
 CAF auto loans receivable are primarily funded through our warehouse facilities and asset-backed term funding transactions. These non-recourse funding vehicles are structured to legally isolate the auto loans receivable, and we would not expect to be able to access the assets of our non-recourse funding vehicles, even in insolvency, receivership or conservatorship proceedings. Similarly, the investors in the non-recourse notes payable have no recourse to our assets beyond the related receivables, the amounts on deposit in reserve accounts and the restricted cash from collections on auto loans receivable. We do, however, continue to have the rights associated with the interest we retain in these non-recourse funding vehicles. 
 As of February 28, 2023, 12.71 billion and 3.65 billion of non-recourse notes payable were outstanding related to asset-backed term funding transactions and our warehouse facilities, respectively. During fiscal 2023, we funded a total of 7.23 billion in asset-backed term funding transactions. As of February 28, 2023, we had 1.95 billion of unused capacity in our warehouse facilities. 
 We have periodically increased our warehouse facility limit over time, as our store base, sales and CAF loan originations have grown. See Notes 1(F) and 13 for additional information on the warehouse facilities. 
 We generally repurchase the receivables funded through our warehouse facilities when we enter into an asset-backed term funding transaction. If our counterparties were to refuse to permit these repurchases it could impact our ability to execute on our funding program. Additionally, the agreements related to the warehouse facilities include various representations and warranties, as well as covenants and performance triggers related to events of default. If these requirements are not met, we could be unable to continue to fund receivables through the warehouse facilities. In addition, warehouse facility investors could charge us a higher rate of interest and could have us replaced as servicer. Further, we could be required to deposit collections on the related receivables with the warehouse facility agents on a daily basis and deliver executed lockbox agreements to the warehouse facility agents. 
 39 

The timing and amount of stock repurchases are determined based on stock price, market conditions, legal requirements and other factors. Shares repurchased are deemed authorized but unissued shares of common stock. In April 2022, our board of directors increased our share repurchase authorization by 2 billion. As of February 28, 2023, a total of 4 billion of board authorizations for repurchases was outstanding, with no expiration date, of which 2.45 billion remained available for repurchase. We paused the repurchase of our common stock during the third quarter of fiscal 2023 but may resume share repurchases at any time in the future depending on market conditions and our capital needs, among other factors. We remain committed to returning capital back to our shareholders over time. See Note 14 for more information on share repurchase activity. 
 Fair Value Measurements. We recognize money market securities, mutual fund investments, certain equity investments and derivative instruments at fair value. See Note 7 for more information on fair value measurements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Exposure - Non-Recourse Notes Payable 
 As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, all loans in our portfolio of managed receivables were fixed-rate installment contracts. Financing for these receivables was achieved primarily through non-recourse funding vehicles that, in turn, issued both fixed- and variable-rate notes. Non-recourse funding vehicles include warehouse facilities and asset-backed term funding transactions. 
 Borrowings under our warehouse facilities are variable-rate debt and are secured by auto loans receivable. The receivables are funded through the warehouse facilities until we elect to fund them through an asset-backed term funding transaction, which issue notes payable that accrue interest predominantly at fixed rates. 
 Interest rate risk related to variable-rate debt is primarily mitigated by entering into derivative instruments. Our derivative instruments are used to manage differences in the amount of our known or expected cash receipts and our known or expected cash payments principally related to the funding of our auto loans receivable. Disruptions in the credit markets or unexpected changes in prepayment activity could impact the effectiveness of our hedging strategies. Generally, changes in interest rates associated with underlying swaps will not have a material impact on earnings; however, they could have a material impact on cash and cash flows. 
 Absent any additional actions by the company to further mitigate risk, a 100-basis point increase in market interest rates associated with non-recourse funding vehicles would have decreased our fiscal 2023 net earnings per share by approximately 0.17. 
 Credit risk is the exposure to nonperformance of another party to an agreement. We mitigate credit risk by dealing with highly rated bank counterparties. The market and credit risks associated with derivative instruments are similar to those relating to other types of financial instruments. See Notes 6 and 7 for additional information on derivative instruments and hedging activities. 
 C OMPOSITION OF N ON -R ECOURSE N OTES P AYABLE 
 As of February 28 (In millions) 2023 2022 Fixed-rate 10,416.4 10,948.1 Variable-rate (1) 
 5,943.7 4,518.7 Total 16,360.1 15,466.8 
 
 (1) Variable-rate debt includes borrowings under our warehouse facilities as well as the variable portion of borrowings under our asset-backed term funding transactions. See Note 13. 
 
 Interest Rate Exposure - Other Debt 
 We have interest rate risk from changing interest rates related to borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We also have interest rate risk from changing interest rates related to borrowings under our term loans; however, a portion of the variable-rate risk is mitigated by derivative instruments. Substantially all of these borrowings are variable-rate debt based on LIBOR. A 
 40 

100-basis point increase in market interest rates would have decreased our fiscal 2023 net earnings per share by approximately 0.04. 
 Other Market Exposures 
 Our pension plan has interest rate risk related to its projected benefit obligation PBO ). Due to the relatively young overall age of the plan s participants, a 100-basis point change in the discount rate has approximately a 16 effect on the PBO balance. A 100-basis point decrease in the discount rate would have decreased our fiscal 2023 net earnings per share by less than 0.01. See Note 12 for more information on our benefit plans. 
 As our cash-settled restricted stock units are liability awards, the related compensation expense is sensitive to changes in the company s stock price. The mark-to-market effect on the liability depends on each award s grant price and previously recognized expense. At February 28, 2023, a 10 change in the company s stock price would have affected fiscal 2023 net earnings per share by approximately 0.01. 
 41 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 28, 2023. 
 KPMG LLP, the company s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting. Their report is included herein. 

WILLIAM D. NASH 
 PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

ENRIQUE N. MAYOR-MORA 
 EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 CarMax, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CarMax, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows, and shareholders equity, for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 28, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated April 13, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Assessment of the allowance for loan losses on core managed receivables 
 As discussed in Notes 1(H) and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company maintained an allowance for loan losses on core managed receivables for the net credit losses expected over the remaining contractual life of the managed receivables. The balance of the allowance for loan losses on core managed receivables at February 28, 2023 was 401.5 million. The Company estimates the allowance for loan losses using the net loss timing curve method, primarily based on the composition of the portfolio of managed receivables and historical gross loss and recovery trends. The net loss estimate for core managed receivables with less than 18 months of performance history weights both the historical losses by credit grade at origination and actual loss data on the receivables to-date, along with forward loss curves, in estimating future performance. Once the receivables have 18 months of performance history, the net loss estimate for core managed receivables reflects actual loss experience of those receivables to date, along with forward loss curves. The output of the net loss timing curve is adjusted to take into account reasonable and supportable macroeconomic forecasts about the future. An economic adjustment factor, based upon a single 
 43 

macroeconomic scenario, is developed to capture the relationship between changes in this forecast and changes in gross loss and recovery rates. This factor is applied to the output of the net loss timing curve for the reasonable and supportable forecast period, after which the Company reverts to historical experience on a straight-line basis. In addition, the Company assesses the need to make qualitative adjustments to the output of the net loss timing curve method as necessary for factors not reflected in the quantitative methods. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the allowance for loan losses on core managed receivables as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment due to significant measurement uncertainty. The assessment involved evaluating the allowance for loan losses methodology, including the net loss timing curve and its key assumptions, which consisted of the historical observation periods, forward loss curves, the weighting of actual loss data versus historical losses by credit grade performance used for receivables with less than 18 months of performance history, and an economic adjustment factor for the reasonable and supportable forecast period. 
 
 Our assessment also included an evaluation of the qualitative adjustments and the conceptual soundness and mathematical accuracy of the net loss timing curve. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the measurement of the allowance for loan losses on core managed receivables, including controls over the (1) development and approval of the allowance for loan losses methodology, (2) the identification and determination of the key assumptions and qualitative adjustments, and (3) design and mathematical accuracy of the net loss timing curve. We evaluated the Company s process to develop the allowance for loan losses on core managed receivables and involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the Company s allowance for loan losses methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 evaluating the conceptual soundness and mathematical accuracy of the net loss timing curve 
 
 evaluating the methodology, including key assumptions, used to develop the economic adjustment factor and the reasonable and supportable period by comparing them to the Company s business environment, relevant industry practices, and portfolio risk characteristics and trends 
 
 assessing the other key assumptions used in the net loss timing curve by comparing to historical loss performance and the credit composition of the existing loan portfolio 
 
 evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative adjustments compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with trends and identified limitations of the underlying net loss timing curve. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 April 13, 2023 
 44 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 CarMax, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited CarMax, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders equity, for each of the years in the three-year period ended February 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated April 13, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 April 13, 2023 
 45 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 
 Years Ended February 28 (In thousands except per share data) 2023 (1) 
 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 SALES AND OPERATING REVENUES : 
 Used vehicle sales Wholesale vehicle sales Other sales and revenues NET SALES AND OPERATING REVENUES COST OF SALES: Used vehicle cost of sales Wholesale vehicle cost of sales Other cost of sales TOTAL COST OF SALES GROSS PROFIT CARMAX AUTO FINANCE INCOME Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Other income ) ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax provision NET EARNINGS WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES: Basic Diluted NET EARNINGS PER SHARE: Basic Diluted 
 
 (1) Percents are calculated as a percentage of net sales and operating revenues and may not total due to rounding. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended February 28 (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 NET EARNINGS Other comprehensive income, net of taxes: Net change in retirement benefit plan unrecognized actuarial losses Net change in cash flow hedge unrecognized gains Other comprehensive income, net of taxes TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of February 28 (In thousands except share data) 2023 2022 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash from collections on auto loans receivable Accounts receivable, net Inventory Other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS Auto loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of 507,201 and 433,030 as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively Property and equipment, net Deferred income taxes Operating lease assets Goodwill Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of non-recourse notes payable TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES Long-term debt, excluding current portion Non-recourse notes payable, excluding current portion Operating lease liabilities, excluding current portion Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingent liabilities SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Common stock, 0.50 par value; 350,000,000 shares authorized; 158,079,033 and 161,053,983 shares issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively Capital in excess of par value Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Retained earnings TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS \ Years Ended February 28 (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Provision for loan losses Provision for cancellation reserves Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Other ) ) Net decrease (increase) in: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventory ) ) Other current assets ) ) Auto loans receivable, net ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and accrued income taxes ) Other liabilities ) ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Proceeds from sale of business Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales and returns of investments Business acquisition, net of cash acquired ) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Decrease in short-term debt, net ) Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Cash paid for debt issuance costs ) ) ) Payments on finance lease obligations ) ) ) Issuances of non-recourse notes payable Payments on non-recourse notes payable ) ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Equity issuances NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF YEAR RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH TO THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash from collections on auto loans receivable Restricted cash included in other assets CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF YEAR 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Accumulated Common Capital in Other Shares Common Excess of Retained Comprehensive (In thousands) Outstanding Stock Par Value Earnings Income (Loss) Total Balance as of February 29, 2020 ) Adoption of CECL ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Stock incentive plans, net shares issued ) ) Balance as of February 28, 2021 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation expense Shares issued for acquisition Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Stock incentive plans, net shares issued ) ) Balance as of February 28, 2022 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Stock incentive plans, net shares issued ) ) Balance as of February 28, 2023 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

(B) 

(C) 
 were million as of February 28, 2023 and not significant to the consolidated balance sheet as of February 28, 2022. 
 
 (D) 
 million as of February 28, 2023 and million as of February 28, 2022, consisted of collections of principal, interest and fee payments on auto loans receivable that are restricted for payment to holders of non-recourse notes payable pursuant to the applicable agreements. 
 
 (E) 

(F) 
 warehouse facilities warehouse facilities that we use to fund auto loans receivable originated by CAF. We typically elect to fund these receivables through an asset-backed term funding transaction, such as a term securitization or alternative funding arrangement, at a later date. We sell the auto loans receivable to one of three wholly owned, bankruptcy-remote, special purpose entities that transfer an undivided percentage ownership interest in the receivables, but not the receivables themselves, to entities formed by third-party investors. These entities issue asset-backed commercial paper or utilize other funding sources supported by the transferred receivables, and the proceeds are used to finance the related receivables. 
 
 We typically use term securitizations to provide long-term funding for most of the auto loans receivable initially funded through the warehouse facilities. In these transactions, a pool of auto loans receivable is sold to a bankruptcy-remote, special purpose entity that, in turn, transfers the receivables to a special purpose securitization trust. The securitization trust issues asset-backed securities, secured or otherwise supported by the transferred receivables, and the proceeds from the sale of the asset-backed securities are used to finance the securitized receivables. 
 51 

(G) 

(H) 

(I) 
 years Leasehold improvements 10 15 years Furniture, fixtures and equipment 3 15 years Software years 
 
 We review long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We recognize impairment when the sum of undiscounted estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset is less than the carrying value of the asset. See Note 8 for additional information on property and equipment. 
 
 (J) Other Assets 
 million as of February 28, 2023 and million as of February 28, 2022. 
 
 52 

million as of February 28, 2023 and million as of February 28, 2022. 
 
 (K) 
 years. A portion of the periodic lease payments is recognized as interest expense and the remainder reduces the obligation. In the event the sale-leasebacks are modified or extended beyond their original term, the related obligation is increased based on the present value of the revised future minimum lease payments on the date of the modification, with a corresponding increase to the net carrying amount of the assets subject to these transactions. See Note 13 for additional information on financing obligations. 
 
 (L) 
 million and million, respectively; loss reserves for general liability and workers compensation insurance of million and million, respectively; our vehicle return reserves of million and million, respectively; and the current portion of cancellation reserves. See Note 10 for additional information on cancellation reserves. 
 
 (M) 

(N) 

(O) 

(P) 

(Q) 

(R) 
 million in fiscal 2023, million in fiscal 2022 and million in fiscal 2021. 
 
 (S) 
 
 53 

(U) 

(V) 
 
 (W) 

54 

2. ACQUISITION OF EDMUNDS 
 
 55 

million and were expensed as incurred within selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 The following table summarizes the total purchase consideration: 
 
 Fair value of common stock (1) 
 Fair value of preexisting relationship Total 
 
 (1) Represents the issuance of shares of CarMax common stock to Edmunds equity holders, the fair value of which was based on the market value of CarMax common stock as of market close on the acquisition date (June 1, 2021). 
 
 In January 2020, we acquired a minority stake in Edmunds for 50 million. The noncontrolling equity investment in Edmunds was remeasured at a fair value of million prior to the acquisition of the remaining ownership stake on June 1, 2021, which resulted in the recognition of a gain of million. The gain was included in other income in the consolidated statements of earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition: 
 
 Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill (1) 
 Intangible assets Operating lease assets Other assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes (1) 
 Operating lease liabilities, excluding current portion Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 million. 
 
 The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which was primarily attributed to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of the acquired business and was not deductible for tax purposes. The fair values assigned to the net identifiable assets and liabilities assumed were based on management s estimates and assumptions. 
 56 

Internally developed software Customer relationships Identifiable intangible assets 
 
 The operating results of Edmunds have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. Net sales and operating revenues and net earnings attributable to Edmunds were not material for the reporting periods presented. Our pro forma results as if the acquisition had taken place on the first day of fiscal 2021 would not be materially different from the amounts reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, and therefore were not presented. 

3. 
 Wholesale vehicle sales Other sales and revenues: Extended protection plan revenues Third-party finance income/(fees), net ) Advertising subscription revenues (1) 
 Service revenues Other Total other sales and revenues Total net sales and operating revenues 
 
 (1) Excludes intersegment sales and operating revenues that have been eliminated in consolidation. See Note 20 for further details. 
 
 Used Vehicle Sales. Revenue from the sale of used vehicles is recognized upon transfer of control of the vehicle to the customer. As part of our customer service strategy, we guarantee the retail vehicles we sell with a 30-day/1,500 mile money-back guarantee. We record a reserve for estimated returns based on historical experience and trends. The reserve for estimated returns is presented gross on the consolidated balance sheets, with a return asset recorded in other current assets and a refund liability recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. We also guarantee the used vehicles we sell with a 90-day/4,000-mile limited warranty. These warranties are deemed assurance-type warranties and are accounted for as warranty obligations. See Note 19 for additional information on this warranty and its related obligation. 
 
 57 

4. 
 
 58 

Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Total interest margin Provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Total interest margin after provision for loan losses Total other expense ) Direct expenses: Payroll and fringe benefit expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Other direct expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Total direct expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) CarMax Auto Finance income Total average managed receivables 
 
 (1) Percent of total average managed receivables. 

5. 
 billion as of February 28, 2023, and billion as of February 28, 2022. See Notes 1(F) and 13 for additional information on securitizations and non-recourse notes payable. 
 
 Interest income and expenses related to auto loans are included in CAF income. Interest income on auto loans receivable is recognized when earned based on contractual loan terms. All loans continue to accrue interest until repayment or charge-off. When a charge-off occurs, accrued interest is written off by reversing interest income. Direct costs associated with loan originations are not considered material, and thus, are expensed as incurred. See Note 4 for additional information on CAF income. 
 
 59 

Warehouse facilities Overcollateralization (1) 
 Other managed receivables (2) 
 Total ending managed receivables Accrued interest and fees Other Less: allowance for loan losses ) ) Auto loans receivable, net 
 
 (1) Represents receivables restricted as excess collateral for the non-recourse funding vehicles. 
 (2) Other managed receivables includes receivables not funded through the non-recourse funding vehicles. 
 
 Credit Quality. When customers apply for financing, CAF s proprietary scoring models utilize the customers credit history and certain application information to evaluate and rank their risk. We obtain credit histories and other credit data that includes information such as number, age, type of and payment history for prior or existing credit accounts. The application information that is used includes income, collateral value and down payment. The scoring models yield credit grades that represent the relative likelihood of repayment. Customers with the highest probability of repayment are A-grade customers. Customers assigned a lower grade are determined to have a lower probability of repayment. For loans that are approved, the credit grade influences the terms of the agreement, such as the required loan-to-value ratio and interest rate. After origination, credit grades are generally not updated. 
 
 CAF uses a combination of the initial credit grades and historical performance to monitor the credit quality of the auto loans receivable on an ongoing basis. We validate the accuracy of the scoring models periodically. Loan performance is reviewed on a recurring basis to identify whether the assigned grades adequately reflect the customers likelihood of repayment. 
 
 B C and other Total core managed receivables Other managed receivables (4) : 
 C and other Total ending managed receivables 
 
 60 

B C and other Total core managed receivables Other managed receivables (4) : 
 C and other Total ending managed receivables 
 
 (1) Classified based on credit grade assigned when customers were initially approved for financing. 
 (2) Percent of total ending managed receivables. 
 (3) Represents CAF s Tier 1 originations. 
 (4) Represents CAF s Tier 2 and Tier 3 originations. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses at February 28, 2023 represents the net credit losses expected over the remaining contractual life of our managed receivables. The allowance for loan losses is determined using a net loss timing curve, primarily based on the composition of the portfolio of managed receivables and historical gross loss and recovery trends. Due to the fact that losses for receivables with less than 18 months of performance history can be volatile, our net loss estimate weights both historical losses by credit grade at origination and actual loss data on the receivables to-date, along with forward loss curves, in estimating future performance. Once the receivables have 18 months of performance history, the net loss estimate reflects actual loss experience of those receivables to date, along with forward loss curves, to predict future performance. The forward loss curves are constructed using historical performance data and show the average timing of losses over the course of a receivable s life. The net loss estimate is calculated by applying the loss rates developed using the methods described above to the amortized cost basis of the managed receivables at inception of the loan. 
 
 The output of the net loss timing curve is adjusted to take into account reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. Specifically, the change in U.S. unemployment rates and the National Automobile Dealers Association used vehicle price index are used to predict changes in gross loss and recovery rates, respectively. An economic adjustment factor, based upon a single macroeconomic scenario, is developed to capture the relationship between changes in these forecasts and changes in gross loss and recovery rates. This factor is applied to the output of the net loss timing curve for the reasonable and supportable forecast period of two years. After the end of this two-year period, we revert to historical experience on a straight-line basis over a period of 12 months. We periodically consider whether the use of alternative metrics would result in improved model performance and revise the models when appropriate. We also consider whether qualitative adjustments are necessary for factors that are not reflected in the quantitative methods but impact the measurement of estimated credit losses. Such adjustments include the uncertainty of the impacts of recent economic trends on customer behavior. The change in the allowance for loan losses is recognized through an adjustment to the provision for loan losses. 
 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries (2) 
 Provision for loan losses Balance as of end of year 
 
 61 

Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries (2) 
 Provision for loan losses Balance as of end of year 
 
 (1) Percent of total ending managed receivables. 
 (2) Net of costs incurred to recover vehicle. 
 
 During fiscal 2023, the allowance for loan losses increased million, primarily reflecting growth in receivables, the expansion of our Tier 2 and Tier 3 originations and unfavorable performance within the portfolio as well as the uncertain macroeconomic environment. The increase in net charge-offs primarily reflects customer hardship in the current economic environment. Additionally, net charge-offs in the prior fiscal year were significantly favorable compared to pre-pandemic performance. The increase in the allowance as a percent of total ending managed receivables was primarily driven by worsening loss performance as well as the expansion of our Tier 2 and Tier 3 originations within CAF's portfolio. The allowance for loan losses as of reflects our best estimate of expected future losses based on recent trends in delinquencies, loss performance, recovery rates and the economic environment. 
 
 Past Due Receivables. An account is considered delinquent when the related customer fails to make a substantial portion of a scheduled payment on or before the due date. In general, accounts are charged-off on the last business day of the month during which the earliest of the following occurs: the receivable is 120 days or more delinquent as of the last business day of the month, the related vehicle is repossessed and liquidated, or the receivable is otherwise deemed uncollectible. For purposes of determining impairment, auto loans are evaluated collectively, as they represent a large group of smaller-balance homogeneous loans, and therefore, are not individually evaluated for impairment. 
 
 Delinquent loans: 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due Greater than 90 days past due Total past due Total ending managed receivables 
 
 62 

Delinquent loans: 31-60 days past due 61-90 days past due Greater than 90 days past due Total past due Total ending managed receivables 
 
 (1) Percent of total ending managed receivables. 

6. 
 million will be reclassified from AOCI as an increase to CAF income. Changes in fair value related to derivatives that have not been designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes are recognized in the income statement in the period in which the change occurs. For the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, we recognized income of million and million, respectively, in CAF income representing these changes in fair value. 
 
 As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, we had interest rate swaps outstanding with a combined notional amount of billion and billion, respectively, that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, we had interest rate swaps with a combined notional amount of billion and billion, respectively, outstanding that were not designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. 
 
 See Note 7 for discussion of fair values of financial instruments and Note 16 for the effect on comprehensive income. 

7. 
 
 63 

Mutual fund investments Derivative instruments designated as hedges Derivative instruments not designated as hedges Total assets at fair value Percent of total assets at fair value Percent of total assets Liabilities: Total liabilities at fair value Percent of total liabilities 
 
 64 

Mutual fund investments Derivative instruments designated as hedges Derivative instruments not designated as hedges Total assets at fair value Percent of total assets at fair value Percent of total assets Liabilities: Derivative instruments designated as hedges ) ) Total liabilities at fair value ) ) Percent of total liabilities 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The carrying value of our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other restricted cash deposits and accounts payable approximates fair value due to the short-term nature and/or variable rates associated with these financial instruments. Auto loans receivable are presented net of an allowance for estimated loan losses, which we believe approximates fair value. We believe that the carrying value of our revolving credit facility and term loans approximates fair value due to the variable rates associated with these obligations. The fair value of our senior unsecured notes, which are not carried at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets, was determined using Level 2 inputs based on quoted market prices. The carrying value and fair value of the senior unsecured notes as of and February 28, 2022, respectively, are as follows: 
 
 Fair value 

8. 
 Land held for development (1) 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Construction in progress Software Finance leases Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 (1) Land held for development represents land owned for potential store growth. 
 
 Depreciation expense was million in fiscal 2023, million in fiscal 2022 and million in fiscal 2021. 
 
 65 

9. 
 million and million, respectively. No impairment was recognized in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. 
 
 Intangibles 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization: Internally developed software ) Customer relationships ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 As of February 28, 2022 Gross Carrying Accumulated Net Amount Amortization Amount Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Trade name Intangible assets subject to amortization: Internally developed software ) Customer relationships ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 The intangible assets above relate to the acquisition of Edmunds on June 1, 2021 (see Note 2 for more information). 
 
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022. 
 
 We estimate that amortization expense related to intangible assets will be million in each of the next five fiscal years. 

10. 
 Cancellations ) ) Provision for future cancellations Balance as of end of year 
 
 66 

million and million, respectively. 

11. 
 State Total Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Total ) ) Income tax provision 
 
 State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit Share-based compensation ) ) Nondeductible and other items Credits ) ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 67 

Allowance for loan losses Prepaid expenses Net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes Operating lease liabilities Share-based compensation Capital loss carry forward Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Intangibles Property and equipment Operating lease assets Inventory Derivatives Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset 
 
 As of the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, CarMax s net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes include a deferred tax asset of million related to U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards that have no expiration; a deferred tax asset of million, net of valuation allowances, related to U.S. federal tax credit carryforwards, which expire between 2023 and 2041; a deferred tax asset of million, related to state net operating loss carryforwards, which generally expire between 2023 and 2038; and a deferred tax asset of million related to state tax credit carryforwards that have no expiration. 
 
 Except for amounts for which a valuation allowance has been provided, we believe it is more likely than not that the results of future operations and the reversals of existing deferred taxable temporary differences will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance as of February 28, 2023, relates to capital loss and research and development credit carryforwards that are not more likely than not to be utilized prior to their expiration. 
 
 Increases for tax positions of prior years Decreases for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Increases based on tax positions related to the current year Settlements ) ) ) Lapse of statute ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 As of February 28, 2023, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, million of which, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit will increase or decrease during the next 12 months; however, we do not expect the change to have a significant effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. As of February 28, 2022, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, 
 68 

million of which, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of February 28, 2021, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, million of which, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. 
 
 Our continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in SG A expenses. Our accrual for interest and penalties was million, million and million as of February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 and February 28, 2021, respectively. 
 
 CarMax is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple states and local jurisdictions. With a few insignificant exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2019. 

12. 
 Projected benefit obligation Funded status recognized ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets: Current liability ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liability ) ) ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) ) )) ) ) ) ) ) Total net actuarial gain (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 . 
 
 The projected benefit obligation PBO will change primarily due to interest cost and total net actuarial (gain) loss, and plan assets will change primarily as a result of the actual return on plan assets. Benefit payments, which reduce the PBO and plan assets, were not material in fiscal 2023 or 2022. There were employer contributions in fiscal 2023 and 2022. The net actuarial gain in a fiscal year is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and may later be recognized as a component of future pension expense. In fiscal 2024, we anticipate that million in estimated actuarial losses of the pension plan will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Estimated actuarial losses to be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the restoration plan are not expected to be significant. 
 Benefit Obligations. The accumulated benefit obligation ABO and PBO represent the obligations of the benefit plans for past service as of the measurement date. ABO is the present value of benefits earned to date with benefits computed based on current service and compensation levels. PBO is ABO increased to reflect expected future service and increased compensation 
 69 

million for each of the next three fiscal years, and million for each of the subsequent two fiscal years. For the non-funded restoration plan, we contribute an amount equal to the benefit payments, which we expect to be approximately million for each of the next five fiscal years. 
 
 Assumptions Used to Determine Net Pension Expense 
 As of February 28 Pension Plan Restoration Plan 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 Discount rate Expected rate of return on plan assets 
 
 Assumptions. Underlying both the calculation of the PBO and the net pension expense are actuarial calculations of each plan s liability. These calculations use participant-specific information such as salary, age and years of service, as well as certain assumptions, the most significant being the discount rate, rate of return on plan assets and mortality rate. We evaluate these assumptions at least once a year and make changes as necessary. 
 The discount rate used for retirement benefit plan accounting reflects the yields available on high-quality, fixed income debt instruments. For our plans, we review high quality corporate bond indices in addition to a hypothetical portfolio of corporate bonds with maturities that approximate the expected timing of the anticipated benefit payments. 
 To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets, we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations, as well as historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets. We apply the estimated rate of return to a market-related value of assets, which reduces the underlying variability in the asset values. The use of expected long-term rates of return on pension plan assets could result in recognized asset returns that are greater or less than the actual returns of those pension plan assets in any given year. Over time, however, the expected long-term returns are anticipated to approximate the actual long-term returns, and therefore, result in a pattern of income and expense recognition that more closely matches the pattern of the services provided by the employees. Differences between actual and expected returns, which are a component of unrecognized actuarial gains/losses, are recognized over the average life expectancy of all plan participants. 
 Collective funds (NAV): Short-term investments 
 Equity securities 
 Fixed income securities 
 Interest receivable Total 
 70 

of plan assets to equity and equity-related instruments and approximately to fixed income securities; in prior years, we targeted allocating approximately 75 of the plan assets to equity and equity-related instruments and approximately 25 to fixed income securities. Equity securities are currently composed of both collective funds and mutual funds that include highly diversified investments in large-, mid- and small-cap companies located in the United States and internationally. The fixed income securities are currently composed of collective funds that include investments in debt securities, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and other debt obligations primarily in the United States. We do not expect any plan assets to be returned to us during fiscal 2024. 
 
 The fair values of the plan s assets are provided by the plan s trustee and the investment managers. Within the fair value hierarchy (see Note 7), the mutual funds are classified as Level 1 as quoted active market prices for identical assets are used to measure fair value. The collective funds are public investment vehicles valued using a net asset value NAV and, therefore, are outside of the fair value hierarchy. The collective funds may be liquidated with minimal restrictions. 
 
 (B) Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan 
 We sponsor a 401(k) plan for all associates meeting certain eligibility criteria. The plan contains a company matching contribution as well as an additional discretionary company-funded contribution to those associates meeting certain age and service requirements. The total cost for company contributions was million in fiscal 2023, million in fiscal 2022 and million in fiscal 2021. 
 (C) Retirement Restoration Plan 
 We sponsor a non-qualified retirement plan for certain senior executives who are affected by Internal Revenue Code limitations on benefits provided under the Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan. Under this plan, these associates may continue to defer portions of their compensation for retirement savings. We match the associates contributions at the same rate provided under the 401(k) plan, and also may provide an annual discretionary company-funded contribution under the same terms of the 401(k) plan. This plan is unfunded with lump sum payments to be made upon the associate s retirement. The total cost for this plan was not significant in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. 
 (D) Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 We sponsor an unfunded nonqualified deferred compensation plan to permit certain eligible associates to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation to a future date. This plan also includes a restorative company contribution designed to compensate the plan participants for any loss of company contributions under the Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan and the Retirement Restoration Plan due to a reduction in their eligible compensation resulting from deferrals into the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. The total cost for this plan was not significant in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. 

13. 
 Term loan (2) 
 June 2024 Term loan (2) 
 October 2026 3.86 Senior notes April 2023 4.17 Senior notes April 2026 4.27 Senior notes April 2028 Financing obligations Various dates through February 2059 Non-recourse notes payable Various dates through November 2029 Total debt Less: current portion ) ) Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 
 (1) Interest is payable monthly, with the exception of our senior notes, which are payable semi-annually. 
 (2) Borrowings accrue interest at variable rates based on the Eurodollar rate (LIBOR), or the successor benchmark rate, the federal funds rate, or the prime rate, depending on the type of borrowing. 
 71 

billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the credit facility are available for working capital and general corporate purposes. We pay a commitment fee on the unused portions of the available funds. Borrowings under the credit facility are either due on demand or at maturity depending on the type of borrowing. Borrowings with on demand repayment terms are presented as short-term debt while amounts due at maturity are presented as long-term debt. As of February 28, 2023, the unused capacity of billion was fully available to us. 
 
 The weighted average interest rate on outstanding short-term and long-term debt was in fiscal 2023, in fiscal 2022 and in fiscal 2021. 
 
 Term Loans. Borrowings under our million and million term loans are available for working capital and general corporate purposes. The interest rate on our term loans was as of February 28, 2023, and the loans were classified as long-term debt as no repayments are scheduled to be made within the next 12 months. 
 
 Senior Notes. Borrowings under our unsecured senior notes totaling million are available for working capital and general corporate purposes. The 3.86 senior note matures in April 2023 and is therefore classified as current. The remaining notes were classified as long-term debt as no repayments are scheduled to be made within the next 12 months. 
 
 Financing Obligations. Financing obligations relate to stores subject to sale-leaseback transactions that do not qualify for sale accounting. The financing obligations were structured at varying interest rates and generally have initial lease terms ranging from to years with payments made monthly. We have not entered into any new sale-leaseback transactions since fiscal 2009. In the event the agreements are modified or extended beyond their original term, the related obligation is adjusted based on the present value of the revised future payments, with a corresponding change to the assets subject to these transactions. Upon modification, the amortization of the obligation is reset, resulting in more of the payments being applied to interest expense in the initial years following the modification. 
 
 Future maturities of financing obligations were as follows: 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total payments Less: interest ) Present value of financing obligations 
 
 Non-Recourse Notes Payable. The non-recourse notes payable relate to auto loans receivable funded through non-recourse funding vehicles. The timing of principal payments on the non-recourse notes payable is based on the timing of principal collections and defaults on the related auto loans receivable. The current portion of non-recourse notes payable represents principal payments that are due to be distributed in the following period. 
 
 Notes payable related to our asset-backed term funding transactions accrue interest predominantly at fixed rates and have scheduled maturities through November 2029, but may mature earlier, depending upon the repayment rate of the underlying auto loans receivable. 
 
 72 

December 2023 expiration February 2024 expiration Combined warehouse facility limit Unused capacity Non-recourse notes payable outstanding: Warehouse facilities Asset-backed term funding transactions Non-recourse notes payable 
 
 We generally enter into warehouse facility agreements for one-year terms and typically renew the agreements annually. The return requirements of warehouse facility investors could fluctuate significantly depending on market conditions. At renewal, the cost, structure and capacity of the facilities could change. These changes could have a significant impact on our funding costs. 
 
 See Notes 1(F) and 5 for additional information on the related auto loans receivable. 
 
 Capitalized Interest. We capitalize interest in connection with the construction of certain facilities. For fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, we capitalized interest of million, million, and million, respectively. 

14. 
 shares of preferred stock, par value. shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. 
 
 (B) Share Repurchase Program 
 In April 2022, our board increased our share repurchase authorization by 2 billion. As of February 28, 2023, a total of billion of board authorizations for repurchases of our common stock was outstanding, with no expiration date, of which billion remained available for repurchase. Share repurchases were paused during the third quarter of fiscal 2023. 

Average cost per share Available for repurchase, as of end of year (in millions) 

(C) Stock Incentive Plans 
 We maintain long-term incentive plans for management, certain employees and the nonemployee members of our board. The plans allow for the granting of equity-based compensation awards, including nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, stock- and cash-settled restricted stock units, stock grants or a combination of awards. To date, we have not awarded any incentive stock options. 
 73 

shares of our common stock had been authorized to be issued under the long-term incentive plans. The number of unissued common shares reserved for future grants under the long-term incentive plans was as of that date. 
 
 The majority of associates who receive share-based compensation awards primarily receive cash-settled restricted stock units. Senior management and other key associates receive awards of nonqualified stock options, stock-settled restricted stock units and/or restricted stock awards. Nonemployee directors are eligible to receive awards of nonqualified stock options, stock grants, stock-settled restricted stock units and/or restricted stock awards. Excluding stock grants and stock-settled deferred stock units, all share-based compensation awards, including any associated dividend rights, are subject to forfeiture. 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Options. Nonqualified stock options are awards that allow the recipient to purchase shares of our common stock at a fixed price. Stock options are granted at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date. The stock options generally vest annually in equal amounts over . These options expire after the date of the grant. 
 
 Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units. Also referred to as restricted stock units, or RSUs, these are awards that entitle the holder to a cash payment equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock for each unit granted. For grants prior to fiscal 2021, conversion generally occurs at the end of a three -year vesting period. For RSUs granted during or after fiscal 2021, conversion generally occurs annually in equal amounts over three years. However, the cash payment per RSU will not be greater than or less than of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the grant date. The initial grant date fair values are based on the volume-weighted average prices or closing prices of our common stock on the grant dates. RSUs are liability-classified awards and do not have voting rights. 
 
 Stock-Settled Market Stock Units. Also referred to as market stock units, or MSUs, these are restricted stock unit awards with market conditions granted to eligible key associates that are converted into between and shares of common stock for each unit granted. Conversion generally occurs at the end of a three-year vesting period. The conversion ratio is calculated by dividing the average closing price of our stock during the final trading days of the three -year vesting period by our stock price on the grant date, with the resulting quotient capped at . This quotient is then multiplied by the number of MSUs granted to yield the number of shares awarded. The grant date fair values are determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation and are based on the expected market price of our common stock on the vesting date and the expected number of converted common shares. MSUs do not have voting rights. 
 
 Other Share-Based Incentives 
 
 Stock-Settled Performance Stock Units . Also referred to as performance stock units, or PSUs, these are restricted stock unit awards with performance conditions granted to eligible key associates that are converted into between and shares of common stock for each unit granted. Conversion generally occurs at the end of a three -year vesting period. For the fiscal 2020, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 grants, the conversion ratio is based on the company reaching certain performance target levels set by the board at the beginning of each one-year period, with the resulting quotients subject to meeting a minimum threshold and capped at . These quotients are then multiplied by the number of PSUs granted to yield the number of shares awarded. 
 
 For the first-year and third-year periods of the fiscal 2020 awards and the first-year of the fiscal 2022 awards, these targets were based on annual pretax diluted earnings per share excluding any unrealized gains or losses on equity investments in private companies; the board certified performance adjustment factors of , and , respectively. For the second-year period of the fiscal 2020 awards, the performance goals included quantitative and qualitative metrics including covenant compliance, market share and COVID-19 recovery; the board certified a performance adjustment factor of . 
 
 For the second-year period of the fiscal 2022 awards and the first-year period of the fiscal 2023 awards, the performance targets are based on annual pretax diluted earnings per share excluding any unrealized gains or losses on equity investments in private companies and market share. For the third-year period of the fiscal 2022 awards and the second- and third-year periods of the fiscal 2023 awards, the remaining awarded PSUs do not qualify as grants under ASC 718 as mutual understanding of the target performance levels are either not fully set or have not been set. 
 
 PSUs do not have voting rights. The grant date fair values are based on the closing prices of our common stock on the grant dates. As of February 28, 2023, units were outstanding at a weighted average grant date fair value per share of . 
 
 Stock-Settled Deferred Stock Units . Also referred to as deferred stock units, or DSUs, these are restricted stock unit awards granted to non-employee members of our board of directors that are converted into share of common stock for each unit 
 74 

units were outstanding at a weighted average grant date fair value of . 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted stock awards, or RSAs, are awards of our common stock that are subject to specified restrictions that generally lapse after a one - to three -year period from the date of the grant. The grant date fair values are based on the volume-weighted average prices or closing prices of our common stock on the grant dates. Participants holding restricted stock are entitled to vote on matters submitted to holders of our common stock for a vote. As of February 28, 2023, there were shares outstanding at a weighted average grant date fair value of . 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan . We sponsor an employee stock purchase plan for all associates meeting certain eligibility criteria. We have authorized up to shares of common stock with a total of shares remaining available for issuance under the plan as of February 28, 2023. Associate contributions are limited to of eligible compensation, up to a maximum of per year. For each 1.00 contributed to the plan by associates, we match . Shares are acquired through open-market purchases. We purchased shares at an average price per share of during fiscal 2023, shares at an average price per share of during fiscal 2022 and shares at an average price per share of during fiscal 2021. 
 
 (D) Share-Based Compensation 
 
 CarMax Auto Finance income Selling, general and administrative expenses Share-based compensation expense, before income taxes 
 
 Cash-settled restricted stock units (RSUs) Stock-settled market stock units (MSUs) Other share-based incentives: Stock-settled performance stock units (PSUs) Stock-settled deferred stock units (DSUs) Restricted stock (RSAs) Employee stock purchase plan Total other share-based incentives Share-based compensation expense, before income taxes 
 
 75 

Stock-settled market stock units Other share-based incentives: Stock-settled performance stock units Restricted stock Total other share-based incentives Total 
 
 We recognize compensation expense for stock options, MSUs, PSUs, DSUs and RSAs on a straight-line basis (net of estimated forfeitures) over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. The PSU expense is adjusted for any change in management s assessment of the performance target level that is probable of being achieved. The variable expense associated with RSUs is recognized over their vesting period (net of estimated forfeitures) and is calculated based on the volume-weighted average price or closing price of our common stock on the last trading day of each reporting period. 
 
 The total costs for matching contributions for our employee stock purchase plan are included in share-based compensation expense. There were no capitalized share-based compensation costs as of or for the years ended February 28, 2023, February 28, 2022 or February 28, 2021. 
 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited or expired ) Outstanding as of February 28, 2023 Exercisable as of February 28, 2023 
 
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share Cash received from options exercised (in millions) 
 Intrinsic value of options exercised (in millions) 
 Realized tax benefits (in millions) 

For stock options, the fair value of each award is estimated as of the date of grant using a binomial valuation model. In computing the value of the option, the binomial model considers characteristics of fair-value option pricing that are not available for consideration under a closed-form valuation model (for example, the Black-Scholes model), such as the 
 76 

Expected volatility factor (1) 
 - - - Weighted average expected volatility Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 - - - Expected term (in years) (3) 

(1) Measured using historical daily price changes of our stock for a period corresponding to the term of the options and the implied volatility derived from the market prices of traded options on our stock. 
 (2) Based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the time of grant. 
 (3) Represents the estimated number of years that options will be outstanding prior to exercise. 
 
 Stock units granted Stock units vested and converted ) Stock units cancelled ) Outstanding as of February 28, 2023 
 
 Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Information 
 Years Ended February 28 2023 2022 2021 Stock units granted Initial weighted average grant date fair value per share Payments (before payroll tax withholdings) upon vesting (in millions) 
 Realized tax benefits (in millions) 

Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Total expected cash settlements 
 
 (1) Net of estimated forfeitures. 
 77 

Stock units granted Stock units vested and converted ) Stock units cancelled ) Outstanding as of February 28, 2023 
 
 Stock-Settled Market Stock Unit Information 
 Years Ended February 28 2023 2022 2021 Stock units granted Weighted average grant date fair value per share Realized tax benefits (in millions) 

15. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive potential common shares: Stock options Stock-settled restricted stock units Weighted average common shares and dilutive potential common shares Basic net earnings per share Diluted net earnings per share 
 
 Certain options to purchase shares of common stock were outstanding and not included in the calculation of diluted net earnings per share because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. On a weighted average basis, for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, options to purchase shares, shares and shares of common stock, respectively, were not included. 
 
 78 

16.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive income Balance as of February 28, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Other comprehensive income Balance as of February 28, 2022 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of February 28, 2023 ) 
 
 79 

Tax expense ) ) ) Actuarial gain arising during the year, net of tax Actuarial loss amortization reclassifications recognized in net pension expense: Cost of sales CarMax Auto Finance income Selling, general and administrative expenses Total amortization reclassifications recognized in net pension expense Tax expense ) ) ) Amortization reclassifications recognized in net pension expense, net of tax Net change in retirement benefit plan unrecognized actuarial losses, net of tax Cash Flow Hedges (Note 6): Changes in fair value ) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Changes in fair value, net of tax ) Reclassifications to CarMax Auto Finance income ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) Reclassification of hedge (gains) losses, net of tax ) Net change in cash flow hedge unrecognized gains, net of tax Total other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 
 Changes in the funded status of our retirement plans and changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The cumulative balances are net of deferred taxes of million as of February 28, 2023 and million as of February 28, 2022. 

17. 
 to years. For equipment leases, the initial term generally ranges from to years. Most leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from to years or more. We include options to renew (or terminate) in our lease term, and as part of our right-of-use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities, when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. 
 ROU assets and the related lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of future lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. We include variable lease payments in the initial measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities only to the extent they depend on an index or rate. Changes in such indices or rates are accounted for in the period the change occurs, and do not result in the remeasurement of the ROU asset or liability. We are also responsible for payment of certain real estate taxes, insurance and other expenses on our leases. These amounts are generally considered to be variable and are not included in the measurement of the ROU asset and lease liability. We generally account for non-lease components, such as maintenance, separately from lease components. For certain equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to account for the lease assets and liabilities. 
 80 

Finance lease cost: Depreciation of lease assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 (1) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs, which are immaterial. 
 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 Finance lease assets Property and equipment, net (1) 
 Total lease assets Liabilities: Current: Operating leases Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance leases Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-term: Operating leases Operating lease liabilities, excluding current portion Finance leases Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated depreciation of million as of and million as of February 28, 2022. 
 
 Lease term and discount rate information related to leases was as follows: 
 Finance leases Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 81 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Maturities of lease liabilities were as follows: 
 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Lease payments exclude million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 

18. 
 Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Increase (decrease) in accrued capital expenditures ) Increase in financing obligations 
 See Note 17 for supplemental cash flow information related to leases. 

19. 
 82 

million as of February 28, 2023 and million as of February 28, 2022, and is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 At various times we may have certain purchase obligations that are enforceable and legally binding primarily related to real estate purchases, advertising and third-party outsourcing services. As of February 28, 2023, we have material purchase obligations of million, of which million are expected to be fulfilled in fiscal 2024. 

20. 
 83 

Intersegment sales and operating revenues ) Total sales and operating revenues ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Gross profit ) Reconciliation to Consolidated Earnings Before Taxes: 
 CAF Income Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 ) Interest expense ) Other income (expense) Earnings before income taxes 

Year Ended February 28, 2022 (In thousands) CarMax Sales Operations Other Eliminations Total Sales and operating revenues Intersegment sales and operating revenues ) Total sales and operating revenues ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Gross profit ) Reconciliation to Consolidated Earnings Before Taxes: CAF Income Selling, general and administrative expenses ) Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 ) Interest expense ) Other income (expense) Earnings before income taxes 
 
 (1) Represents only the portion of depreciation and amortization recorded within Cost of sales, and thus included in the calculation of Gross profit. 
 (2) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization recorded within Cost of sales. 
 
 84 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that this information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer CEO and the chief financial officer CFO ), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of February 28, 2023, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the CEO and CFO. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls were effective as of the end of the period. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended February 28, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 With the exception of the information incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our 2023 Proxy Statement is not to be deemed filed as a part of this Form 10-K. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information concerning our executive officers required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled Executive Officers of the Company included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The information concerning our directors required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled Proposal One: Election of Directors in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information concerning the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee financial expert required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information included in the sub-section titled Corporate Governance Board Committees in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information concerning our code of ethics Code of Business Conduct for senior management required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sub-section titled Corporate Governance Overview in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 85 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sections titled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation and Personnel Committee Report and Compensation Tables in our 2023 Proxy Statement (provided that the Pay Versus Performance disclosure shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein). Additional information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled Director Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item concerning equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the subsection titled Proposal Five: Approval of Amended and Restated CarMax, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information required by this Item concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the section titled CarMax Share Ownership in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the sub-section titled Corporate Governance Related Person Transactions in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information required by this Item concerning director independence is incorporated by reference to the sub section titled Corporate Governance Independence in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the section titled Auditor Fees and Pre-Approval Policy in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements. All financial statements as set forth under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, are not required or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits: 
 3.1 
 CarMax, Inc. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective June 24, 2013, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 28, 2013 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 3.2 
 CarMax, Inc. Bylaws, as amended and restated April 28, 2020, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 1, 2020 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 4.1 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 21, 2020 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.1 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2019, among CarMax Auto Superstores, Inc., CarMax, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CarMax named therein, Bank of America, N.A., as a lender and as administrative agent, and the other lending institutions named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 11, 2019 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 
 
 86 

10.2 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 7, 2019, among CarMax, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CarMax named therein, Bank of America, N.A., as a lender and as administrative agent, and the other lending institutions named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.53 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 14, 2022 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.3 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated June 7, 2019, among CarMax, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CarMax named therein, Bank of America, N.A., as a lender and as administrative agent, and the other lending institutions named therein, filed as Exhibit 10.54 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 14, 2022 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.4 
 CarMax, Inc. Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated, effective June 30, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 30, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.5 
 CarMax, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, effective June 30, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 30, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.6 
 CarMax, Inc. Retirement Restoration Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2017, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed July 7, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.7 
 CarMax, Inc. Annual Performance-Based Bonus Plan, dated April 24, 2018, filed as Exhibit 10.46 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 24, 2018 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.8 
 CarMax, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated June 25, 2019, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 26, 2019 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 
 10.9 
 CarMax, Inc. 2002 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated June 23, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 25, 2020 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.10 
 CarMax, Inc. 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2023, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed September 30, 2022 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.11 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective December 21, 2011, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 23, 2011 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. 10.12 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors of the CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed October 8, 2014 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.13 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective January 26, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 13, 2015 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. 10.14 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. 10.15 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain executive officers effective March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.16 
 Form of Notice of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. 10.17 
 Form of Notice of Performance Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective March 24, 2016, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 25, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by reference. 10.18 
 Form of Notice of Performance Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective January 29, 2019, filed as Exhibit 10.50 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 19, 2019 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.19 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors of the CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.47 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 24, 2018 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 
 87 

10.20 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain non-employee directors of the CarMax, Inc. board of directors, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed January 8, 2019 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.21 
 Form of Notice of Market Stock Unit Grant between CarMax, Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective March 27, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.55 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 21, 2020 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.22 
 Form of Notice of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Grant between CarMax Inc. and certain named and other executive officers, effective March 27, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.56 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 21, 2020 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.23 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 6, 2015, between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 8, 2015 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.24 
 CarMax, Inc. Amendment to Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated August 31, 2016, between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas J. Folliard, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.25 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 6, 2015, between CarMax, Inc. and Eric M. Margolin, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 8, 2015 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.26 
 Consulting Agreement, dated August 3, 2021, between CarMax, Inc. and Eric M. Margolin, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed October 1, 2021 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.27 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated September 1, 2016, between CarMax, Inc. and William D. Nash, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 1, 2016 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.28 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 3, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. and Thomas W. Reedy, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 6, 2017 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.29 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated January 3, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. and Edwin J. Hill, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 6, 2017 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.30 
 Consulting Agreement, dated September 29, 2021, between CarMax, Inc. and Edwin J. Hill, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed October 1, 2021 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.31 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated April 1, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. and Diane L. Cafritz, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed April 14, 2022 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.32 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement for Executive Officer, dated April 23, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. and James Lyski, filed as Exhibit 10.51 to CarMax s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 19, 2019 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.33 
 Severance Agreement, dated November 1, 2017, between CarMax, Inc. and Charles J. Wilson, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed January 6, 2023 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 10.34 
 CarMax, Inc. Severance Agreement, effective October 25, 2019, between CarMax, Inc. and Enrique N. Mayor-Mora, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to CarMax s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 24, 2019 (File No. 1-31420), is incorporated by this reference. 
 10.35 
 Severance Agreement, dated April 18, 2021, between CarMax, Inc. and Shamim Mohammad, filed herewith. 21.1 
 CarMax, Inc. Subsidiaries, filed herewith. 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP, filed herewith. 24.1 
 Powers of Attorney, filed herewith. 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), filed herewith. 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), filed herewith 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, filed herewith. 
 88 

32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, filed herewith. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive File. 
 Indicates management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement of the company required to be filed as an exhibit. 
 
 Certain instruments defining rights of holders of long-term debt of the company are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. Upon request, the company agrees to furnish to the SEC copies of such instruments. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 89 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CarMax, Inc. 
 By: /s/ W ILLIAM D. N ASH 
 By: /s/ E NRIQUE N . M AYOR- M ORA 
 William D. Nash Enrique N. Mayor-Mora President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer April 13, 2023 April 13, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 /s/ W ILLIAM D. N ASH 
 /s/ S HIRA G OODMAN 
 William D. Nash Shira Goodman President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Director April 13, 2023 April 13, 2023 /s/ E NRIQUE N . M AYOR- M ORA 
 /s/ D AVID W. M C C REIGHT 
 Enrique N. Mayor-Mora David W. McCreight Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director April 13, 2023 April 13, 2023 /s/ J ILL A. L IVESAY 
 /s/ M ARK F. O N EIL 
 Jill A. Livesay Mark F. O Neil Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Director April 13, 2023 April 13, 2023 /s/ P ETER J. B ENSEN 
 /s/ P IETRO S ATRIANO 
 Peter J. Bensen Pietro Satriano Director Director April 13, 2023 April 13, 2023 /s/ R ONALD E. B LAYLOCK 
 /s/ M ARCELLA S HINDER 
 Ronald E. Blaylock Marcella Shinder Director Director April 13, 2023 April 13, 2023 /s/ S ONA C HAWLA 
 /s/ M ITCHELL D. S TEENROD 
 Sona Chawla Mitchell D. Steenrod Director Director April 13, 2023 April 13, 2023 /s/ T HOMAS J. F OLLIARD 
 Thomas J. Folliard Director April 13, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ E NRIQUE N . M AYOR- M ORA 
 Enrique N. Mayor-Mora Attorney-In-Fact 
 The original powers of attorney authorizing William D. Nash and Enrique N. Mayor-Mora, or either of them, to sign this annual report on behalf of certain directors of the company are included as Exhibit 24.1. 
 90 

<EX-10.35>
 2
 exhibit1035-severanceagr.htm
 EX-10.35

exhibit1035-severanceagr 

1 SEVERANCE AGREEMENT THIS SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as April 18, 2021, by and between CarMax, Inc., a Virginia corporation, for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereafter referred to collectively as CarMax ), and Mohammad Shamim (hereafter referred to as the Associate ). WHEREAS, CarMax and the Associate desire to agree upon the terms, conditions, compensation and benefits of the Associate s employment; WHEREAS, CarMax recognizes that the Associate has developed or will continue to develop an intimate knowledge of and experience with respect to the business of CarMax; WHEREAS, the Associate has developed or will develop and/or has or will come in contact with CarMax s proprietary and confidential information that is not readily available to the public, and which is of great importance to CarMax and is treated by CarMax as secret and confidential information; and WHEREAS, upon execution of this Agreement, any prior severance or employment agreement, if any, between the Associate and CarMax, whether oral or written, will have no force and effect with respect to the terms and conditions of the Associate s employment with CarMax and will be replaced and superseded by the terms of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Associate s employment and continued employment by CarMax and the mutual covenants and agreements of the parties set forth in this Agreement, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, CarMax and the Associate, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: Article 1. Term. The Associate s employment with CarMax shall continue until such time as the Associate s employment is terminated by either party in accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement or the Associate s term of employment is extended or shortened by a subsequent written agreement duly executed by the Associate and CarMax. Article 2. Duties and Responsibilities. CarMax shall employ the Associate in the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Information and Technology Officer. The specific duties of such position are set forth in the then-current written job description for such position and are incorporated herein by reference. The Associate acknowledges and agrees to perform those job duties and/or such other job duties that may be assigned to the Associate or required of the Associate by CarMax. In the event that the Associate accepts a new or different position with CarMax or receives a new position title, (i) the Associate acknowledges and agrees to perform such new job duties, if any, as may be 

2 assigned to the Associate or required of the Associate by CarMax and (ii) this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Article 3. Standard of Care. 3.1 General. During the term of this Agreement, the Associate shall devote his full business time, attention, knowledge and skills to CarMax s business and interests. The Associate covenants, warrants, and represents that he shall: (a) devote his best efforts and talents to the performance of his employment obligations and duties for CarMax; (b) exercise the highest degree of loyalty and the highest standards of conduct in the performance of his duties; (c) observe and conform to the rules, regulations, and policies established or issued by CarMax; and (d) observe and conform to the law in the performance of his employment obligations and duties for CarMax. 3.2 Forfeiture and Return of Incentive Compensation. It is CarMax s expectation that the Associate will discharge his duties hereunder with utmost attention to the standards set forth in Section 3.1. In the event the CarMax, Inc. Board of Directors Board determines that the Associate has engaged in conduct constituting Cause (as defined in Section 7.4), which conduct directly results in the filing of a restatement of any financial statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (or other governmental agency) under the Federal securities laws, the Associate shall immediately (i) forfeit all unpaid Affected Compensation (as defined below) and (ii) upon demand by CarMax repay to CarMax all Affected Compensation received or realized by the Associate together with interest at the prime rate in effect from time to time as reported in The Wall Street Journal; provided, however, that the forfeiture and repayment provisions of this Section 3.2 shall only apply where the Board makes a good faith determination that the Associate s conduct constituting Cause also constitutes one or more of the following acts or omissions: (a) The Associate has committed a material breach of this Agreement, which breach was not cured or waived by CarMax, within ten (10) days of receipt by the Associate of notice from CarMax specifying the breach; (b) The Associate intentionally fails to perform his duties, engages in intentional misconduct or intentionally refuses to abide by or comply with the directives of the Board, CarMax s Chief Executive Officer, or CarMax s policies and procedures, as applicable, which actions continued for a period of ten (10) days after receipt by the Associate of notice of the need to cure or cease; (c) The Associate has willfully violated a material requirement of CarMax s code of conduct or breached his fiduciary duty to CarMax; 

3 (d) The Associate s conviction of (or a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to) a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude, dishonesty, fraud, theft or financial impropriety; or (e) The Associate has engaged in illegal conduct, embezzlement or fraud with respect to the business or affairs of CarMax. For purposes of this Section 3.2, Affected Compensation means any payment to the Associate, any award or vesting of any equity or other short-term or long-term incentive compensation to the Associate, or any before-tax proceeds of a sale of previously awarded equity compensation realized by the Associate, in any instance in which (i) the payment, award or vesting of the foregoing was expressly conditioned upon the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of such restatement, and (ii) a lesser amount of payment, award or vesting or before-tax proceeds of a sale of any of the foregoing would have been made to, vested in or otherwise earned or realized by, the Associate based upon such restated financial results. Article 4. Other Employment. The Associate shall not, during the term of this Agreement, be interested directly or indirectly, in any manner, as partner, officer, director, advisor, employee, or in any other capacity, in any other business similar to CarMax s business for the Associate s personal advantage or benefit or that of others; provided, further, the Associate agrees to obtain CarMax s prior written consent before engaging in any other occupation for compensation (actual or expected) while employed by CarMax. Such consent may be granted or withheld, in CarMax s absolute discretion; provided, however, such consent will not be required where such other occupation for compensation does not (i) in any manner infringe upon the Associate s job duties or the time or attention required to perform such duties, (ii) relate to any other business similar to CarMax s business or (iii) have a detrimental effect on CarMax s business, as determined in CarMax s absolute discretion. Article 5. Compensation and Benefits. As remuneration for all services to be rendered by the Associate during the term of this Agreement, and as consideration for complying with the covenants herein, CarMax shall pay and provide to the Associate the following: 5.1. Base Salary. The Associate shall be paid an annual salary of 566,500.00 (the Base Salary ), payable biweekly in the amount of 21,788.46 (the Biweekly Amount ), subject to applicable federal, state, and local withholding and any performance-based adjustments made by CarMax. In the event that the Associate accepts a new or different position with CarMax or accepts a new position title, CarMax, in its sole discretion, may adjust the Base Salary and Biweekly Amount. 

4 5.2 Bonus. (a) The Associate is eligible to participate in CarMax s performance-based bonus plan, as such plan may exist from time to time during the term of this Agreement and as defined and applied to the Associate s position. (b) The award and amount of any bonus shall be determined (i) under CarMax s then- current performance-based bonus plan and (ii) at the absolute discretion of CarMax. 5.3 Long Term Incentives. During the term, the Associate shall be eligible to participate in CarMax s 2002 Stock Incentive Plan (or any successor incentive plan thereto) to the extent that the CarMax Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, determines is appropriate. 5.4 401(k) Plan. During the term of this Agreement, the Associate shall be entitled to participate in CarMax s 401(k) plan, subject to the eligibility and participation requirements of such plan. 5.5 Welfare Benefit Plans. During the term of this Agreement, the Associate and/or the Associate s family will be eligible to participate in and will receive benefits under CarMax s then-current welfare benefit plans, policies and programs (the Welfare Plans to the extent such Welfare Plans are made available to other CarMax associates who are professionally similarly situated to the Associate (the Peer Associates ), subject to the eligibility requirements and other provisions of such Welfare Plans. The benefits available pursuant to such Welfare Plans may include group term life insurance, comprehensive health and major medical insurance, dental insurance, and short-term and long-term disability benefits. 5.6 Vacation. During the term of this Agreement, the Associate will be entitled to paid vacation each fiscal year in accordance with then-current CarMax Time Away Guidelines. 5.7 Right to Change Plans. Nothing herein shall obligate CarMax to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing any benefit plan, policy program, or guideline so long as such changes are similarly applicable to the Peer Associates. Article 6. Expenses. During the term of this Agreement, CarMax shall pay or reimburse the Associate for reasonable travel and business expenses incurred by the Associate in furtherance of CarMax business and in accordance with the then-current CarMax travel and expense policy and any other applicable policies, upon submission to CarMax of vouchers or receipts reflecting such expenses. 

5 Article 7. Employment Termination. The Associate s employment with CarMax may be terminated in accordance with any of the following provisions: 7.1 Termination by Death. (a) In the event the Associate s employment ends by reason of the Associate s death during the term of this Agreement, the Associate s benefits shall be determined in accordance with the then-current CarMax survivor s benefits, insurance, and/or other applicable programs. Further, stock options and grants, including performance-based grants, will become vested and exercisable by the Associate, the Associate s personal representatives, distributees, legatees, or estate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable stock grant or option award agreement. (b) The date of termination due to death shall be the Associate s date of death. Upon the date of termination, CarMax shall be obligated to pay the Associate s beneficiary or estate any Base Salary that was accrued but not yet paid as of the date of termination plus all other vested rights and benefits that the Associate is entitled to pursuant to this Agreement and other CarMax plans and programs. 7.2 Voluntary Termination by the Associate. The Associate may terminate employment at any time by giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to his immediate supervisor. During the notice period, the Associate shall fulfill all required job duties and responsibilities and cooperate and assist in the training of a replacement, if any. CarMax reserves the right to require the Associate to discontinue working for CarMax at any time during the thirty (30) day notice period, but shall pay the Associate the amount the Associate would have earned during any non-working portion of the remaining thirty (30) day notice period in accordance with Article 5.1, in addition to any other benefits to which the Associate has a vested right on the last day of employment; provided, however, that the Associate shall forfeit any bonus with respect to the fiscal year in which his voluntary termination under this Article 7.2 occurs. Subject to Section 7.5, CarMax thereafter shall have no further obligations under this Agreement. 7.3 Voluntary Termination by CarMax. CarMax may terminate the Associate s employment at any time and for any reason other than death or Cause (as defined below), by providing the Associate with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice. CarMax reserves the right to require the Associate to discontinue working for CarMax during the thirty (30) day notice period, but shall pay the Associate the amount the Associate would have earned during any non-working portion of the remaining thirty (30) day notice period in accordance with Article 5.1, in addition to any other benefits to which the Associate has a vested right on the last day of employment. After the thirty (30) day notice period, the Associate shall receive thirty-nine (39) biweekly payments equal to the Biweekly Amount less applicable federal, state, and local withholdings; provided however that CarMax s obligation to provide such thirty-nine (39) biweekly payments is subject to the Associate s compliance with (a) Articles 8, 9, 10 and 11 of this Agreement 

6 and (b) delivery to CarMax of an executed Agreement and General Release, which shall be substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (with such changes or additions as needed under then applicable law to give effect to its intent and purpose) (the Agreement and General Release within twenty-one (21) days of presentation thereof by CarMax to the Associate. Any amounts due following a termination of employment under this Agreement shall not be due until after the expiration of any revocation period applicable to the Agreement and General Release without the Associate having revoked such Agreement and General Release. CarMax thereafter shall have no further obligations under this Agreement. 7.4 Voluntary Termination by CarMax For Cause. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent CarMax from terminating the Associate s employment under this Agreement, without notice or liability, for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means that CarMax has any reason to believe any of the following: (a) the Associate has committed fraud, misappropriation of funds or property, embezzlement or other similar acts of dishonesty; (b) the Associate has been convicted of a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude (or pled nolo contendere thereto); (c) the Associate has used, possessed or distributed any illegal drug; (d) the Associate has committed any misconduct that may subject CarMax to criminal or civil liability; (e) the Associate has breached the Associate s duty of loyalty to CarMax, including, without limitation, the misappropriation of any of CarMax s corporate opportunities; (f) the Associate has committed a serious violation or violations of any CarMax policy or procedure; (g) the Associate has committed a violation of any term of this Agreement; (h) the Associate refuses to follow the lawful instructions of CarMax management; (i) the Associate has committed any material misrepresentation in the employment application process; (j) the Associate has committed deliberate actions, including neglect or failure to perform the job, which are contrary to the best interest of CarMax; or (k) the Associate has continually failed to perform substantially his duties with CarMax. 

7 If the Associate s employment is terminated for Cause during the term of this Agreement, this Agreement will terminate without further obligation of CarMax to the Associate other than the payment to the Associate of his Base Salary through the date of termination for Cause. The Associate shall immediately thereafter forfeit all rights and benefits he would otherwise have been entitled to receive under this Agreement. 7.5 Good Reason Termination during Change in Control Employment Period. (a) For purposes of this Section 7.5, the defined terms set forth below shall have the following meanings: (i) Change in Control means, as related to CarMax, Inc. (the CarMax Parent ), the occurrence of either of the following events: (i) a third person, including a group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, becomes, or obtains the right to become, the beneficial owner of CarMax Parent securities having twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the CarMax Parent that may be cast for the election of directors to the Board of the CarMax Parent (other than as a result of an issuance of securities initiated by the CarMax Parent in the ordinary course of business); or (ii) as the result of, or in connection with, any cash tender or exchange offer, merger or other business combination, sale of assets or contested election, or any combination of the foregoing transactions, the persons who were directors of the CarMax Parent before such transactions shall cease to constitute a majority of the board or of the board of directors of any successor to the CarMax Parent. (ii) Asset Sale shall mean a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the CarMax Parent in a single transaction or a series of related transactions. (iii) Change in Control Date shall mean the date on which a Change in Control or Asset Sale occurs. (iv) Change in Control Employment Period shall mean the period beginning on the Change in Control Date and ending on the second (2nd) anniversary of such date provided an Associate is employed by CarMax on such Change in Control Date. (v) Good Reason shall mean, without the Associate s express written consent, the occurrence of any one (1) or more of the following: (1) A material reduction in the Associate s Base Salary or target annual bonus; (2) A material reduction in the Associate s duties or authority, (except in connection with the termination of the Associate s employment (x) for Cause or disability, (y) as a result of the Associate s death or retirement or (z) by the Associate other than for Good Reason); 

8 (3) The Associate being required to relocate to a principal place of employment more than thirty-five (35) miles from the CarMax Parent s headquarters; (4) The failure of the CarMax Parent to obtain an agreement from any successor to all or substantially all of the assets or business of the CarMax Parent to assume and agree to perform this Agreement within fifteen (15) days after a merger, consolidation, sale or similar transaction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for purposes of this Agreement, any determination of Good Reason must satisfy the materiality requirement under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(n)(2)(i), any successor thereto and other applicable guidance. (b) At any time during the Change in Control Employment Period, the Associate may terminate his employment for Good Reason upon notice to CarMax. Such notice shall state the intended date of termination and shall be given to CarMax at least forty-five (45) days prior to such date and shall set forth in detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide grounds for such termination. CarMax shall have the right to cure the facts and circumstances giving rise to such grounds for termination for Good Reason. If CarMax does not so cure within the forty-five (45) day notice period, then the Associate s employment shall terminate on the date of termination stated in the notice. (c) Notwithstanding Article 7.2, in the event of the Associate s voluntary termination of employment for Good Reason during the Change in Control Employment Period, the Associate shall receive thirty-nine (39) biweekly payments equal to the Biweekly Amount less applicable federal, state, and local withholdings; provided however that CarMax s obligation to provide such thirty-nine (39) biweekly payments is subject to the Associate s compliance with (i) Articles 8, 9, 10 and 11 of this Agreement and (ii) delivery to CarMax of an executed Agreement and General Release within twenty- one (21) days of presentation thereof by CarMax to the Associate. Any amounts due following a termination of employment under this Agreement shall not be due until after the expiration of any revocation period applicable to the Agreement and General Release without the Associate having revoked such Agreement and General Release. CarMax thereafter shall have no further obligations under this Agreement. Article 8. Covenant Not to Compete. The terms and provisions contained in this Article 8 comprise a covenant not to compete (the Covenant Not to Compete ). The Associate acknowledges and agrees as follows: 8.1 CarMax operates a unique business concept regarding the sale and servicing of new and used vehicles in a highly competitive industry. 8.2 CarMax s competitors have attempted to duplicate CarMax s business concept in various markets throughout the United States, including markets where CarMax does not currently have a business location, and may continue to do so. 

9 8.3 In connection with the Associate s employment with CarMax, he will receive access to, and training regarding, CarMax s business concept and will, accordingly, acquire commercially valuable knowledge of and insight into CarMax s operations and CarMax s proprietary and confidential information, any of which if made available to any Competitor (as defined below) could place CarMax at a competitive disadvantage. 8.4 In order to protect CarMax s legitimate business interests from Competitors (as defined below) and to protect CarMax s critical interest in its proprietary and confidential information, the Associate covenants and agrees as follows: During the Associate s employment with CarMax and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the last day of the Associate s employment (the Restricted Period ), the Associate will not, directly or indirectly, compete with CarMax by acting in a competitive capacity (as defined below), for, or on behalf of, any person or entity operating or developing, during the Restricted Period, a business that provides or intends to provide activities, products or services that are the same or substantially similar to, and competitive with, the business of CarMax as of Associate s last day of employment with CarMax (each, a Competitor within any Metropolitan Statistical Area (as defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget) in which CarMax has a retail store site as of Associate s last day of employment. Such Competitors include, but are not limited to: Sonic Automotive, Inc.; Lithia Motors, Inc.; Group 1 Automotive, Inc.; AutoNation, Inc.; Penske Automotive Group, Inc.; Asbury Automotive Group, Inc.; Hendrick Automotive Group; Auction Direct USA, L.P.; Car Sense Inc.; AutoAmerica, Inc.; Left Gate Property Holding, Inc. d/b/a Texas Direct Auto; Off Lease Only, Inc.; Carvana, LLC; Carvana Group, LLC; AutoMatch USA, LLC; DriveTime Car Sales Company, LLC; DriveTime Automotive Group, Inc.; CarLotz, Inc.; Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.; Enterprise Holdings, Inc.; Avis Budget Group, Inc.; Cox Automotive, Inc.; Classified Ventures, LLC; TrueCar, Inc.; Edmunds.com, Inc.; Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.; Dealer Dot Com, Inc.; CarGurus, LLC; Blinker, Inc.; and Beepi, Inc., and any automotive retail operation affiliated with, owned, operated, or controlled by Berkshire Hathaway Inc.; Home Depot, Inc.; Lowe s Companies, Inc.; Target Corporation; Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.; Sears Holdings Corporation; Carrefour S.A.; Costco Wholesale Corporation; Royal Dutch Shell plc; Exxon Mobil Corporation; Chevron Corporation; and/or Gulliver International Co., Ltd. 8.5 A business, including any Competitor, or any of its respective subsidiaries or affiliates, will not be considered to be in competition with CarMax for purposes of Article 8 if the business, or operating unit of the business, or its respective subsidiaries or affiliates, by which the Associate will be or is employed (i) does not have within the twenty-four (24) months preceding the Associate s termination of employment with CarMax, annual gross revenues (calculated on a rolling 12-month basis) of at least 5,000,000 derived from the sale and servicing of new or used vehicles; or (ii) is not projected (by the business or operating unit of the business) to have within the twenty-four (24) months following the Associate s termination of employment with CarMax, annual gross revenues (regardless of how calculated) of at least 5,000,000 derived from the sale and servicing of new or used vehicles. 

10 8.6 Acting in a competitive capacity shall mean providing to a Competitor, directly or indirectly, the same or substantially similar services that the Associate provided to CarMax at any time during Associate s last twenty-four (24) months of employment. 8.7 Nothing herein shall prevent or restrict the Associate from working for any person in any role or in any capacity that is not in competition with CarMax. 8.8 Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent or limit the right of the Associate to invest in the capital stock or other securities of any corporation whose stock or securities are regularly traded on any public exchange. 8.9 The Associate and CarMax have examined in detail the Covenant Not to Compete contained in this Article 8 and each agrees that the restraint imposed upon the Associate is reasonable in light of the legitimate business interests of CarMax and is not unduly harsh or burdensome with respect to the Associate s ability to earn a livelihood. If any provision of the Covenant Not to Compete relating to the time period, geographic area or scope of restricted activities shall be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum time period, geographic area or scope of activities, as applicable, that such court deems reasonable and enforceable, then such time period, geographic area or scope of activities shall be deemed to be, and thereafter shall become, the maximum time period, scope of activities or largest geographic area that such court deems reasonable and enforceable and this Agreement shall automatically be considered to have been amended and revised to reflect such determination. 8.10 The Associate and CarMax acknowledge that the Associate s services are of a special, extraordinary, and intellectual character that gives the Associate unique value, and that CarMax s business is highly competitive, and that violation of the Covenant Not to Compete provided herein would cause immediate, immeasurable, and irreparable harm, loss, and damage to CarMax not adequately compensable by a monetary award. In the event of any breach or threatened breach by the Associate of the Covenant Not to Compete, CarMax shall be entitled to such equitable and injunctive relief as may be available to restrain the Associate from violating the provisions hereof. Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting CarMax from pursuing any other remedies available at law or in equity for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages and the immediate termination of the employment of the Associate hereunder for Cause. Article 9. Non-Solicitation of Employees. The Associate agrees that during the Associate s employment with CarMax and for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the last day of the Associate s employment, the Associate shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit or induce, or attempt to solicit or induce, any employee of CarMax with whom the Associate had material business-related contact on behalf of CarMax, to leave employment with CarMax for any reason whatsoever (the Covenant Not to Solicit ). For purposes of this Article 9, employee shall mean any individual employed by CarMax. 

11 Article 10. Confidentiality. The terms and provisions contained in this Article 10 comprise a covenant of confidentiality (the Covenant of Confidentiality ). The Associate understands and agrees that any and all Protected Information is the property of CarMax and is essential to the protection of CarMax s goodwill and to the maintenance of CarMax s competitive position and accordingly should be kept secret. For purposes of this Agreement, Protected Information means trade secrets, confidential and proprietary business information of or about CarMax, and any other information of CarMax, including technical data, processes, know-how, financial data, analyses, forecasts, plans, operations information and data, customer lists (including potential customers) and information, marketing plans, materials and information, product and service information, accounts and billings information, sales transaction data, sales documents and information, discoveries, ideas, concepts, designs, drawings, specifications, techniques, models, information systems data and materials, computer software or hardware, data analyses and compilations, source code, object code, documentation, diagrams, flow charts, research, procedures, methods, systems, programs, price lists, pricing policies, supplier and distributor information, sources of supply, internal memoranda, promotional plans, internal policies, purchasing information, operating methods and procedures, training materials, and any products and services which may be developed from time to time by CarMax and its agents or employees, including the Associate; provided, however, that information that is in the public domain (other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement), approved for release by CarMax or lawfully obtained from third parties who are not bound by a confidentiality agreement with CarMax, is not Protected Information. CarMax has advised the Associate and the Associate acknowledges that it is the policy of CarMax to maintain as secret and confidential all Protected Information, and that Protected Information has been and will be developed at substantial cost to and effort by CarMax. The Associate agrees to hold in strict confidence and safeguard any and all Protected Information accessed or accessible by the Associate during the Associate s employment. The Associate shall not, without the prior written consent of CarMax, at any time, directly or indirectly, divulge, furnish, use, disclose or make accessible to any person, firm, corporation, association, or other entity (otherwise than as may be required in the regular course of the Associate s employment with CarMax), any Protected Information, or cause any such Protected Information to enter the public domain. Nothing contained in this Article 10 is intended to reduce in any way the protection available to CarMax pursuant to the Uniform Trade Secrets Act as adopted in Virginia or any other state or other applicable laws that prohibit the misuse or disclosure of confidential or proprietary information. Unless lengthened by the application of the Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Act or other applicable law, the restrictions in Article 10 shall remain in effect during Associate s employment and for five (5) years thereafter. 

12 Article 11. Return of CarMax Property. Upon the termination (for any reason) of the Associate s employment with CarMax, the Associate shall deliver promptly to CarMax all CarMax property including, without limitation, any automobiles, equipment, credit cards, keys, building access cards, identification, cellular phones, computers, software, CD ROMs, customer lists, and all Protected Information as defined in Article 10 of this Agreement. The Associate further agrees not to take or extract any portion of any such information and/or materials in written, computer, electronic or any other reproducible form. Article 12. Monies Owed. To the extent that the Associate owes CarMax any monies at the time of termination of employment, the Associate authorizes and agrees to have CarMax withhold such amounts owed from the Associate s final paycheck, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Article 13. Work Product. (a) All work product prepared by the Associate in connection with performing job duties for CarMax shall be the sole property of CarMax. CarMax shall have full and exclusive rights to use, reproduce, publish, or otherwise profit from such work product, as CarMax deems appropriate. The Associate agrees to assist CarMax, or any agent designated by CarMax, at any time and at no cost to the Associate, in obtaining any patents, copyrights, trademarks or other forms of legal protection for any such work product. (b) To the extent that any work product is deemed in any way to fall within the definition of work made for hire, as such term is defined in 17 U.S.C. 101, such work product shall be considered work made for hire, the copyright of which shall be owned solely, completely and exclusively by CarMax. (c) For the purpose of this Agreement, the term work product includes, but is not limited to, reports, manuals, inventions, improvements, designs, formulae, processes, techniques, methods, computer software, proposals, technical solutions, patents, training materials, other works of authorship, innovations, and enhancements created by the Associate or the Associate s staff. Article 14. Dispute Resolution. Except for actions initiated by CarMax to enjoin a breach by the Associate, and/or recover damages from the Associate, related to the Covenant Not to Compete (Article 8), the Covenant Not to Solicit (Article 9) or the Covenant of Confidentiality (Article 10) (collectively, the Restrictive Covenants ), which action(s) CarMax may bring in an appropriate court of law or equity, any disagreement between the Associate and CarMax concerning anything covered by this Agreement or concerning other terms or conditions of the Associate s employment or the 

13 termination of the Associate s employment will be settled by final and binding arbitration pursuant to CarMax s Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures in effect at the time the disagreement or dispute arises or at the time of termination in the event the Associate s employment terminated. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on both the Associate and CarMax and may be enforced in a court of appropriate jurisdiction. Article 15. General Provisions. 15.1 Notices. If CarMax needs to send any notices to the Associate in connection with this Agreement, it will send such notice to the Associate s address of record, as shown in CarMax s most recent payroll records. The Associate shall send any similar notices to CarMax at: CarMax, Inc. Attention: Corporate Secretary 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway Richmond, VA 23238 15.2 Amendments and Entire Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended except by a writing executed by CarMax and the Associate. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of CarMax and the Associate relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written understandings and agreements relating to such subject matter. The terms and conditions of the Associate s employment shall, to the extent not addressed or described in this Agreement, be governed by CarMax s then- current policies and procedures and existing practices. 15.3 Successors and Assigns. The Associate hereby consents to CarMax s assignment of this Agreement to any affiliate, subsidiary or parent of CarMax at any time. Any other assignment by either party of the rights and obligations of such party hereunder shall not be made without the prior written consent of such other party. 15.4 Severability. All provisions of this Agreement shall be applicable only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable law, and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable under any applicable law. If any provision of this Agreement or any application thereof shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of other provisions of this Agreement or of any other application of such provision shall in no way be affected thereby. The Restrictive Covenants shall be severable, and if any of them is held invalid because of its duration, scope of area or activity, or any other reason, the parties agree that such covenant shall be adjusted or modified by the court to the extent necessary to cure that invalidity, and the modified covenant shall thereafter be enforceable as if originally made in this Agreement. 15.5 Attorney s Fees. In any action arising under this Agreement, CarMax, so long as it prevails, shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. 

14 15.6 Waiver of Rights. No waiver by CarMax or the Associate of a right or remedy hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other right or remedy or of any subsequent right or remedy of the same kind. 15.7 Restrictive Covenants of the Essence. The Restrictive Covenants in Articles 8, 9 and 10 of the Agreement are of the essence of this Agreement. In the event that the Associate has a claim or cause of action against CarMax (whether related to this Agreement or not), such claim or cause of action, including but not limited to a breach of this Agreement by CarMax, shall not prevent or otherwise constitute a defense to CarMax s enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants and shall not excuse the Associate s performance of the Restrictive Covenants. CarMax shall at all times maintain the right to seek enforcement of the Restrictive Covenants whether or not CarMax has previously refrained from seeking enforcement of any such Restrictive Covenant as to the Associate or any other peer Associate who has signed an agreement with similar covenants. 15.8 Definitions: Headings and Numbers; Construction. A term defined in any part of this Agreement shall have the defined meaning wherever such term is used herein. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any manner the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Where appropriate to the context of this Agreement, use of the singular shall be deemed also to refer to the plural, and use of the plural to the singular. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced without any presumption or construction against the party drafting the Agreement. 15.9 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but both of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 15.10 Governing Laws and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. In the event of any litigation between CarMax and Associate related to the enforcement or enforceability of the Restrictive Covenants, the parties agree that the Circuit Court for the County of Henrico, Virginia, shall have mandatory and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any such action. 15.11 Grants or Options. This Agreement does not affect the terms and conditions controlling, or status of, any stock options or grants of restricted stock which previously have been or later may be awarded to the Associate. Any vested stock options or grants of restricted stock are governed by the terms of the letters by which they were made, which are incorporated herein by reference as if set forth in full in this Agreement. 15.12 No Encumbrances. In entering into this Agreement, the Associate certifies that he possesses the legal capacity to do so, and that his employment with CarMax is not in violation of any other valid agreement. The Associate agrees to hold CarMax harmless from any debts, judgments, or liens that the Associate acquired prior to entering into this Agreement. If the Associate is currently involved in, or becomes involved in, a lawsuit or any other legal proceeding unrelated to CarMax or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, or 

15 related entities (collectively, the CarMax Entities ), the Associate warrants that such CarMax Entities shall have no liability with respect to such lawsuit or legal proceeding and agrees to fully indemnify the CarMax Entities for any and all fees, costs and other expenses with respect to any such action. 15.13 Opportunity to Review. The Associate acknowledges that he has read this Agreement and has had an adequate opportunity to review it and to obtain any legal or financial advice that the Associate deems appropriate. The Associate acknowledges that he has signed this Agreement freely and voluntarily. Article 16. Protected Rights. Notwithstanding any other terms and conditions of this Agreement: The Associate understands that nothing contained in this Agreement limits the Associate s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). The Associate further understands that this Agreement does not limit the Associate s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to CarMax. This Agreement does not limit the Associate s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies. [Signature Page Follows] 

16 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, CarMax and the Associate have executed this Agreement as April 18, 2021. By: /s/ Shamim Mohammad Printed Name: Shamim Mohammad CarMax, Inc. By: /s/ Eric M. Margolin Name: Eric M. Margolin Title: Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

17 EXHIBIT A AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE This Agreement and General Release (the Agreement and General Release ), dated as of _______ __, 20__, is made by and between CarMax, Inc., for itself and its affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, successors and assigns in such capacity, and the current, future and former employees, officers, directors, trustees and agents thereof (collectively referred to throughout this Agreement as the Company and _______________________ Associate ), for him/herself and his/her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns (together with Associate, collectively referred to throughout this Agreement and General Release as Employee agree: 1. Last Day of Employment. The Associate s last day of employment with the Company is ____________, 20__. In addition, effective as of ____________, 20__, the Associate resigns from the Associate s position as of the Company, and will not be eligible for any benefits or compensation after ____________, 20__, other than as specifically provided in Article 7, as applicable, of the Severance Agreement between the Company and the Associate dated as of __________ __, 20__ Severance Agreement and the Associate s continued right, if any, to indemnification and directors and officers liability insurance. In addition, effective as of ____________, 20__, the Associate resigns from all offices, directorships, trusteeships, committee memberships and fiduciary capacities held with, or on behalf of, the Company or any benefit plans of the Company. These resignations will become irrevocable as set forth in Section 3 below. 2. Consideration. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement and General Release is being executed in accordance with Article 7.3 or 7.5 of the Severance Agreement, between the Company and the Associate dated as of __________ __, 20__ Severance Agreement and that this Agreement and General Release is a condition to the receipt by Employee of all payments and benefits thereunder. 3. Revocation. The Associate may revoke this Agreement and General Release for a period of seven (7) calendar days following the day the Associate executes this Agreement and General Release. Any revocation within this period must be submitted, in writing, to the Company and state, I hereby revoke my acceptance of our Agreement and General Release. The revocation must be personally delivered or mailed to the Company s ___________________________ at the Company s corporate office, or his/her designee, and, if mailed, postmarked within seven (7) calendar days of execution of this Agreement and General Release. This Agreement and General Release shall not become effective or enforceable until the revocation period has expired. If the last day of the revocation period is a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday in Virginia, then the revocation period shall not expire until the next following day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday. 4. General Release of Claims. Employee knowingly and voluntarily releases and forever discharges the Company from any and all claims, rights, causes of action, demands, damages, fees, costs, expenses, including attorneys fees, and liabilities of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown, against the Company, that Employee has, has ever had or may have as of the date of execution of this Agreement and General Release, including, but not limited to, any alleged violation of: 

18 The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended; The Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; The Civil Rights Act of 1991; Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended; The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; The Immigration Reform and Control Act, as amended; The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended; The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended; The Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended; The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993; All other federal, state or local civil or human rights laws, whistleblower laws, or any other local, state or federal law, regulations and ordinances; All public policy, contract, tort, or common laws; and All allegations for costs, fees, and other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in these matters. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the sole matters to which the Agreement and General Release do not apply are: (i) Employee s rights, if any, of indemnification and directors and officers liability insurance coverage to which the Associate was entitled immediately prior to __________ __, 20__ with regard to the Associate s service as an officer and director of the Company; (ii) Employee s rights under any tax-qualified pension plan or claims for accrued vested benefits under any other employee benefit plan, policy or arrangement maintained by the Company or under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended; (iii) Employee s rights under Article 7.3 or 7.5 of the Severance Agreement, as the case may be; (iv) Employee s rights as a stockholder of the Company; (v) Employee s right to file charges or complaints with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ), although Employee waives the Associate s right to recover any damages or other relief in any claim or suit brought by or through the Government Agencies on behalf of Employee under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as amended, the Americans with Disabilities Act, or any other federal or state discrimination law, except where such waivers are prohibited by law, provided, however, this Agreement and General Release does not limit Employee s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies; (vi) Employee s rights to file charges with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any government agency concerning claims of discrimination, although Employee waives the Associate s right to recover any damages or other relief in any claim or suit brought by or through the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other federal, state or local agency on behalf of Employee under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as amended, the Americans with 

19 Disabilities Act, or any other federal or state discrimination law, except where such waivers are prohibited by law; and (vii) Employee s rights that cannot be released by private agreement under applicable law. 5. Affirmations. Employee affirms that the Associate has been paid or has received all compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, and/or benefits to which the Associate may be entitled and no other compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions and benefits are due to the Associate, except as provided in Article 7.3 or 7.5 of the Severance Agreement, as applicable. The Employee also affirms the Associate has no known workplace injuries. 6. Return of Property. Employee represents that the Associate has returned to the Company all property belonging to the Company, including but not limited to any vehicle, laptop, cell phone, keys, access cards, phone cards and credit cards, and all Protected Information as defined in Article 10 of the Severance Agreement. 7. Cooperation. Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company to provide truthful and accurate information in connection with any administrative proceeding, arbitration, or litigation relating to any matter that occurred during the Associate s employment with the Company in which the Associate was involved or of which the Associate has knowledge. Employee further understands that this Agreement and General Release does not limit Employee s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. 8. Governing Law and Interpretation. This Agreement and General Release shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without reference to Virginia s choice of law statutes or decisions. In the event Employee or the Company breaches any provision of this Agreement and General Release, Employee and the Company acknowledge that either may institute an action to specifically enforce any term or terms of this Agreement and General Release pursuant to the dispute resolution provisions of Article 14 of the Severance Agreement. Should any provision of this Agreement and General Release be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction and should the provision be incapable of being modified to be enforceable, such provision shall immediately become null and void, leaving the remainder of this Agreement and General Release in full force and effect. Nothing herein, however, shall operate to void or nullify any enforceable general release language contained in this Agreement and General Release. 9. No Admission of Wrongdoing. Employee agrees neither this Agreement and General Release nor the furnishing of the consideration for this Agreement and General Release shall be deemed or construed at any time for any purpose as an admission by the Company of any liability or unlawful conduct of any kind. 10. Amendment. This Agreement and General Release may not be modified, altered or changed except upon express written consent of both parties wherein specific reference is made to this Agreement and General Release. 

20 11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and General Release sets forth the entire agreement between the parties hereto and fully supersedes any prior agreements or understandings between the parties; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement and General Release, the provisions in the Severance Agreement that are intended to survive termination of the Severance Agreement, including but not limited to those contained in Articles 8, 9, 10, 11 and 14 shall survive and continue in full force and effect. Employee acknowledges the Associate has not relied on any representations, promises, or agreements of any kind made to the Associate in connection with the Associate s decision to accept this Agreement and General Release. EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT ASSOCIATE HAS UP TO TWENTY-ONE (21) CALENDAR DAYS TO REVIEW AND CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE AND HAS BEEN ADVISED IN WRITING TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY PRIOR TO EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE. EMPLOYEE AGREES ANY MODIFICATIONS, MATERIAL OR OTHERWISE, MADE TO THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE DO NOT RESTART OR AFFECT IN ANY MANNER THE ORIGINAL TWENTY-ONE (21) CALENDAR DAY CONSIDERATION PERIOD. HAVING ELECTED TO EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE, TO FULFILL THE PROMISES SET FORTH HEREIN, AND TO RECEIVE THE SUMS AND BENEFITS SET FORTH IN THE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT, TO WHICH EMPLOYEE WOULD NOT OTHERWISE BE ENTITLED, EMPLOYEE FREELY AND KNOWINGLY, AND AFTER DUE CONSIDERATION, ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE INTENDING TO WAIVE, SETTLE AND RELEASE ALL CLAIMS EMPLOYEE HAS OR MIGHT HAVE AGAINST THE COMPANY AS SET FORTH HEREIN. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto knowingly and voluntarily executed this Agreement and General Release as of the date first above written: Associate/Employee: Name: _____________________________ Date: ______________________________ CarMax, Inc.: By: Name:_____________________________ Title:______________________________ Date: 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 kmxfy23exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 CarMax, Inc. 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization CarMax Auto Superstores, Inc. Virginia CarMax Business Services, LLC Delaware CarMax Enterprise Services, LLC Virginia Glen Allen Insurance, Ltd. Bermuda 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 kmxfy23exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333 100311, 333-127486, 333-135701, 333-152717, 333-160912, 333-183594, 333-212310, 333-232394, and 333-239438) on Form S-8 of our reports dated April 13, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of CarMax, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Richmond, Virginia 
 April 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 kmxfy23exhibit241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 I hereby appoint William D. Nash or Enrique N. Mayor-Mora my true and lawful attorney-in-fact to sign on my behalf, as an individual and in the capacity stated below, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CarMax, Inc. for its fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, and any amendment which such attorney-in-fact may deem appropriate or necessary. 
 
 Signature s Peter J. Bensen Print Name Peter J. Bensen Title Director Signature s Ronald E. Blaylock Print Name Ronald E. Blaylock Title Director Signature s Sona Chawla Print Name Sona Chawla Title Director Signature s Thomas J. Folliard Print Name Thomas J. Folliard Title Director Signature s Shira Goodman Print Name Shira Goodman Title Director Signature s David W. McCreight Print Name David W. McCreight Title Director Signature s Mark F. O'Neil Print Name Mark F. O'Neil Title Director Signature s Pietro Satriano Print Name Pietro Satriano Title Director Signature s Marcella Shinder Print Name Marcella Shinder Title Director Signature s Mitchell D. Steenrod Print Name Mitchell D. Steenrod Title Director 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 kmxfy23exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 I, William D. Nash, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CarMax, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date April 13, 2023 
 s William D. Nash 
 William D. Nash 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 kmxfy23exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

I, Enrique N. Mayor-Mora, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CarMax, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date April 13, 2023 
 s Enrique N. Mayor-Mora 
 Enrique N. Mayor-Mora 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 kmxfy23exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

In connection with the CarMax, Inc. (the company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William D. Nash, President and Chief Executive Officer of the company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Date April 13, 2023 
 s William D. Nash 
 William D. Nash 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 kmxfy23exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

In connection with the CarMax, Inc. (the company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Enrique N. Mayor-Mora, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Date April 13, 2023 
 s Enrique N. Mayor-Mora 
 Enrique N. Mayor-Mora 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 kmx-20230228.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 kmx-20230228_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 kmx-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 kmx-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 kmx-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

