<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1634447_0001493152-23-012598.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10268460</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>276593</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1700957</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3354438</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2228018</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2463319</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012598.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417172539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012598
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ISUN, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001634447
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				472150172
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37707
		FILM NUMBER:		23824846

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 AVE D
		STREET 2:		SUITE 10
		CITY:			WILLISTON
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05495
		BUSINESS PHONE:		802-658-3378

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 AVE D
		STREET 2:		SUITE 10
		CITY:			WILLISTON
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05495

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PECK Co HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190626

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jensyn Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012598.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Common
Stock, Par Value 0.0001 

 (Title
of class) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and, (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein and, will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 YES
 NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 YES

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES 

The
aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was million. 

The
number of shares of the Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023 was . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 30 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 72 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 72 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 73 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 73 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 73 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 73 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 79 

1 

SUMMARY
RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our shares of Common Stock involves numerous risks, including the risks described in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Below are some of our principal risks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects: 

If
 there is a subsequent wave of the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) it will likely impact general
 market and economic conditions and is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations. 

The
 Russia-Ukraine conflict and the impact of related sanctions may impact our business. 

We
 operated at a loss in 2022 and 2021, and cannot predict when we will achieve profitability. 

Our
 management discovered a material weakness in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal
 control over financial reporting as required to be implemented by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

We
 may require substantial additional funding which may not be available to us on acceptable
 terms, or at all. If we fail to raise the necessary additional capital, we may be unable
 to maintain our business and operations. 

A
 material reduction in the retail price of traditional utility generated electricity or electricity
 from other sources could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 prospects. 

Existing
 electric utility industry regulations, and changes to regulations, may present technical,
 regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar energy systems that may
 significantly reduce demand for our solar energy systems. 

Our
 growth strategy depends on the widespread adoption of solar power technology. 

Our
 business currently depends on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial
 incentives. The expiration, elimination or reduction of these rebates, credits and incentives
 would adversely impact our business. 

Our
 business depends in part on the regulatory treatment of third-party owned solar energy systems. 

Our
 ability to provide solar energy systems to residential customers on an economically viable basis depends
 on our ability to help customers arrange financing for such systems. 

We
 may not realize the anticipated benefits of completed and potential future acquisitions, and integration of these
 acquisitions may disrupt our business and operations. 

We
 will require additional financing to sustain our operations, without which we may not be able to maintain our business and
 operations, and the terms of subsequent financings may adversely impact our stockholders. 

The
 share price of our Common Stock is subject to fluctuation, has been and may continue to be
 volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in substantial
 losses for investors who have purchased shares of our Common Stock. 

If
 we experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or if we fail
 to implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be adversely affected.
 A cyberattack could lead to a material disruption of our information technology systems or
 the IT systems of our third-party providers and the loss of business information, which may
 hinder our ability to conduct our business effectively and may result in lost revenues and
 additional costs. 

2 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business . 

Forward-looking
Statements 

Statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts constitute forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements
include statements relating to industry prospects, our future economic performance including anticipated revenues and expenditures, results
of operations or financial position, and other financial items, our business plans and objectives, and may include certain assumptions
that underlie forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, among other things, those listed under Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

These
risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to: 

the potential impact of a subsequent wave of the COVID-19
 pandemic on our business; 

our limited operating history; 

our
 ability to raise additional capital to maintain our business and operations and meet our objectives; 

our ability to compete in the solar power industry; 

our ability to sell solar power systems; 

our
 ability to arrange financing for our residential customers; 

government incentive programs related to solar energy; 

our
 ability to increase the size of our company and manage growth; 

our ability to acquire and integrate other businesses; 

disruptions
 to our supply chain from protective tariffs on imported components, supply shortages and/or
 fluctuations in pricing; 

our ability or inability to attract and/or retain competent
 employees; 

relationships with employees, consultants, customers,
 and suppliers; and 

the concentration of our business in one industry in
 limited geographic areas; 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

These
statements are subject to business and economic risk and reflect management s current expectations and involve subjects that are
inherently uncertain and difficult to predict. Actual events or results may differ materially. Moreover, neither we nor any other person
assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of these statements. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking
statements after the date of this Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results. 

Business
Introduction/Summary 

Throughout
our 50-year history, we have always embraced innovative change. There has never been a more meaningful, or impactful time to be a
leader in the innovation that will help fight climate change. We have built a team that is passionate about transitioning American
power generation and consumption to clean solar energy. We are passionately focused on our mission to accelerate the adoption of
solar energy. 

We
are one of the largest solar energy services and infrastructure deployment companies in the country and are expanding across the United
States. Our services include solar, storage and electric vehicle infrastructure, design, development and professional services, engineering,
procurement, installation, O M and storage. We uniquely target all solar markets including residential, commercial, industrial and
utility segments. 

Prior
to becoming a public company, we were a second-generation family business founded under the name Peck Electric Co. in 1972 as a
traditional electrical contractor. Our core values were and still are to align people, purpose, and profitability, and since taking
leadership in 1994, Jeffrey Peck, our Chief Executive Officer, has applied such core values to expand into the solar industry. We
are guided by the mission to facilitate the reduction of carbon emissions through the expansion of clean, renewable energy and we
believe that leveraging such core values to deploy resources to facilitate the adoption of solar energy is the only sustainable
strategy to achieve these objectives. We have positioned the company to serve all segments of the rapidly evolving solar energy
markets. We are able to originate valuable solar assets through our development and design services team. We are able to leverage
our digital sales and marketing capabilities to generate high quality leads for our Residential, Commercial and Industrial and
Utility divisions. Our experience provides for the high-quality craftsmanship required for installing long-term assets for all
customers. Our team approach allows us to collaborate across divisions in order to efficiently utilize our internal labor resources.
The diversity of our service offerings allows us to serve our customer needs in the evolving solar energy environment. 

3 

On
January 19, 2021, we completed a business combination (the Merger Agreement pursuant to which we acquired iSun Energy
LLC iSun Energy ). The Business Combination was an acquisition treated as a merger and reorganization and iSun Energy
became a wholly owned subsidiary of The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. Immediately prior to the business combination, we changed our
name to iSun, Inc. (the Company ). 

On
April 6, 2021, iSun Utility, LLC iSun Utility ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company, Adani Solar USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adani ), and Oakwood Construction Services, Inc., a Delaware
corporation Oakwood entered into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment ), pursuant to which iSun
Utility acquired all rights to the intellectual property of Oakwood and its affiliates (the Project IP ). Oakwood was a
utility-scale solar Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Development and Design company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adani. The Project
IP included all of the intellectual property, project references, templates, client lists, agreements, forms and processes of
Adani s U.S. solar business. 

On
September 8, 2021, iSun, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., a Vermont corporation (the Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential,
Inc., a Delaware corporation iSun Residential and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, SolarCommunities, Inc., d/b/a
SunCommon, a Vermont benefit corporation SunCommon ), and Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson as a Shareholder
Representative Group of the holders of SunCommon s capital stock (the SunCommon Shareholders ), pursuant to
which the Merger Sub merged with and into SunCommon (the Merger with SunCommon as the surviving company in the Merger
and SunCommon became a wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential. The Merger was effective on October 1, 2021. 

We
now conduct all of our business operations exclusively through our direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, iSun Residential, Inc.,
SolarCommunities, Inc. iSun Industrial, LLC, Peck Electric Co., Liberty Electric, Inc., iSun Utility, LLC, iSun Energy, LLC and iSun
Corporate, LLC. 

The
world recognizes the need to transition to a reliable, renewable energy grid in the next 50 years. States from Vermont to Hawaii are
leading the way in the U.S. with renewable energy goals of 75 by 2032 and 100 by 2045, respectively. California committed to 100 carbon-free
energy by 2045. The majority of the other states in the U.S. also have renewable energy goals, regardless of current Federal solar policy.
We are a member of Renewable Energy Vermont, an organization that advocates for clean, practical and renewable solar energy. The benefits
of the newly enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA provide stability and certainty of incentives for the next 10
years that create value to our shareholders and provides a long-term commitment for the energy transformation. Prior to the enactment
of the IRA, the federal investment tax credits associated with solar projects had a planned reduction to 22 and 10 in 2023 and 2024.
The IRA offers a stable tax rate over the next ten years as well as several potential adders to the fixed investment tax credit. These
credits increase the valuation of solar assets which provides margin protection on future projects. Our triple bottom line, which is
geared towards people, environment, and profit, has always been our guide since we began installing renewable energy and we intend that
it remain our guide over the next 50 years as we construct our energy future. 

We
primarily provide services to solar energy customers for projects ranging in size from several kilowatts for residential loads to
multi-megawatt systems for commercial, industrial and utility projects. To date, we have installed over 600 megawatts of solar
systems since inception and are focused on contracting projects that meet our margin objectives. We believe that we are
well-positioned for what we believe to be the coming transformation to an all renewable energy economy. We are expanding across the
United States to serve the fast-growing demand for clean renewable energy. We are open to partnering with others to accelerate our
growth process, and we are planning to expand our portfolio of company-owned solar arrays to establish recurring revenue streams
for many years to come. We have established a leading presence in the market after five decades of successfully serving our
customers, and we are now ready for new opportunities and the next five decades of success. 

The
diverse nature of our service offerings allows us to manage our operations based on the maximization of value for our customers in
the evolving energy market. Our core revenue stream is generated from our engineering, procurement and installation services and
products consisting of solar, electrical and data installations but has expanded to include project origination, design and
development services as well. Approximately 85 of our revenue is derived from our solar Engineering, Procurement and Construction business,
approximately 10 of revenue is derived from our electrical and data business and approximately 5 of revenue is derived from our
project origination, development and design services. Recently our growth has been derived by increasing our solar customer base
starting in 2013, mergers and acquisitions and expansion into new territories. We currently operate in Vermont, Maine, New
Hampshire, New York, Massachusetts, Maryland, Alabama, Georgia and North and South Carolina. Our union crews are expert
constructors, and union access to an additional workforce makes us ready for rapid expansion to other states while maintaining
control of operating costs. The skillset provided by our workforce is transferrable among our service offerings depending on current
demand. 

We
also plan to make investments in solar development projects and currently own approximately three megawatts of operating solar
arrays operating under long-term power purchase agreements. Our joint ventures allow for a retained ownership in originated
projects. These long-term recurring revenue streams, combined with our in-house development and construction capabilities, make this
asset class a strategic long-term investment opportunity for us. 

4 

Consummation
of the Business Combinations 

On
January 19, 2021, we completed a business combination (the iSun Merger Agreement pursuant to which we acquired iSun Energy
LLC iSun Energy ). The Business Combination was an acquisition treated as a merger and reorganization. iSun Energy,
LLC became a wholly owned subsidiary of The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. Immediately prior to the iSun Merger Agreement, we changed our
name to iSun, Inc. 

On
April 6, 2021, iSun Utility, LLC iSun Utility ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, Adani Solar USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adani ), and Oakwood Construction Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Oakwood entered into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment ), pursuant to which iSun Utility acquired
all rights to the intellectual property of Oakwood and its affiliates (the Project IP ). Oakwood was a utility-scale solar
EPC company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adani. The Project IP included all of the intellectual property, project references, templates,
client lists, agreements, forms and processes of Adani s U.S. solar business. 

On
September 8, 2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the SunCommon Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., a Vermont corporation (the Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential,
Inc., a Delaware corporation iSun Residential and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, SolarCommunities, Inc., d/b/a
SunCommon, a Vermont benefit corporation SunCommon ), and Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson as a Shareholder
Representative Group of the holders of SunCommon s capital stock (the SunCommon Shareholders ), pursuant to
which the Merger Sub merged with and into SunCommon (the SunCommon Merger with SunCommon as the surviving company in the
Merger and SunCommon became a wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential. The SunCommon Merger was effective on October 1, 2021. 

We
now conduct all of our business operations exclusively through our wholly owned subsidiaries, iSun Residential, Inc., SolarCommunities,
Inc. iSun Industrial, LLC, Peck Electric Co., Liberty Electric, Inc., iSun Utility, LLC, iSun Energy, LLC and iSun Corporate, LLC. 

5 

Market
Overview 

We
believe that domestic solar capacity and production will experience explosive growth over the short (through 2035) and long (2050) terms.
Both short-term and long-term solar production estimates by research groups vary, however even the most conservative estimates project
significant growth in domestic solar deployment through 2035 and again through 2050. Current domestic production is estimated at 100GW,
which services only 3 of the rapidly growing US electricity demand. According to an October 2021 US DOE Solar Futures Study i ,
absent any concerted policy efforts towards decarbonization, domestic solar capacity is projected to increase by 700 by 2050. Modest
decarbonization efforts such as those incorporated in the current administration s Inflation Reduction Act would require cumulative
solar deployment to increase much more significantly from current levels - 100 GW serving ~3 of US electricity demand in 2021 to 760-1000
GW serving 37-42 by 2035, an increase of 1150 , according to Solar Power World. The International Energy Agency (IEA) projects 270 GW
of domestic solar capacity by 2026 nearly 3x the current domestic production levels. As incentives increase and technology costs
fall, the EIA also predicts renewables could account for nearly 60 percent of capacity additions through 2050. S P Global Market
Intelligence s projections are significantly more aggressive, projecting that domestic production will achieve 87 of the IEA s
2050 projection within the next 5 years ii . 

We
agree with the conclusions of the aforementioned reports suggesting that broader decarbonization initiatives involving the decarbonization
of the broader U.S. energy system through large-scale electrification of buildings, transportation, and industry will have an impact
on both supply (solar deployment) and demand (electricity consumed). The EIA forecasts electricity demand growth owing to electrification
of fuel-based building demands (e.g., heating), vehicles, and industrial processes of 30 from 2020 to 2035, and an additional 34 increase
in energy demand from 2035 to 2050. 

The
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA legislation will invest nearly 370 billion in energy security and climate
change programs over the next decade. The IRA renews the full 30 credit rate for Investment Tax Credit ITC eligible
facilities that meet the prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements. The IRA provides a direct pay provision for tax exempt
entities including local government, tribal nations, nonprofits, cooperative and municipal utilities while also allowing for the
transferability of those tax credits. The IRA allows for additional bonus credits for qualifications related to domestic content,
energy communities and low- and moderate-income communities. The ITC will step down to 26 in 2033 and 22 in 2034. 

While
these efforts will further accelerate growth, iSun also concurs with the conclusions of these reports that domestic solar capacity and
production will grow regardless of legislative efforts supporting the aforementioned decarbonization efforts. Each report concludes that
decarbonization efforts occurring within specific geographic markets and select industries are already underway and are driving demand
for additional domestic solar capacity accordingly: 

Targeted
High-Value Geographic Markets: These markets offer: 

1. A
 higher internal rate of return IRR on solar investments: 
 
 2. Statewide
 legislation promoting decarbonization efforts that will in-turn increase electricity demand: 
 
 3. High
 concentrations of consumers who are proactively taking steps towards decarbonization by electrifying
 their homes, appliances, small businesses, and automobiles; and 
 
 4. Utilities
 with a favorable composition of interconnection requests and transmission and distribution
 capacity. 

Targeted
Rapidly Growing Industry Sectors: The anticipated widespread adoption of electric vehicles in the U.S. will dramatically
change the landscape for domestic energy consumption and production. Mercedes, Ford, and General Motors have all committed to moving
to electric or EV hybrid platforms within the decade, ensuring that by 2035, it will be difficult if not impossible for
consumers to purchase a new car with an internal combustion engine. The average electric vehicle requires 30 kilowatt-hours to travel
100 miles - essentially the same amount of electricity an average American home uses each day. This will have a profound impact on electricity
demand across each segment of the marketplace. Overnight, household electricity demand could double for the average American 2-car family.
As widespread EV adoption begins to accelerate, consumers will begin looking for ways to reduce their electric bills, increasing demand
for household solar solutions. Although consumer behaviors may change with EV adoption expectations will not. Consumers will still
expect that they will be able to recharge their cars quickly and easily at the places they most often frequent. This will in turn prompt
commercial enterprises small and large to also look for ways to manage such expectations at reasonable costs. Expectations will be even
greater at destination locations such as hotels, municipal facilities, or even remote trailheads or parks, prompting asset owners and
municipalities to explore scalable solutions that may not be able to be addressed on-site. And of course, all this activity will in turn
be met with an increase in electricity demand, prompting utilities to begin exploring ways of rapidly increasing their capacity. 

Strategy 

iSun
is uniquely positioned in the marketplace to address the generational opportunity presented by automotive electrification and decarbonization.
iSun s Solar Platform serves the evolving energy needs and increased energy demands presented by automotive electrification and
decarbonization within of each segment of the solar marketplace. Our: 

1. Residential
 solar brand, SunCommon: Supports EV purchases with at-home charging, promotes residential
 solar + storage installation, and provides other smart home energy upgrades. 
 
 2 . Commercial
 Industrial Division: Supports EV fleet and workplace charging adoption, promotes
 solar projects at the workplace to help employers and businesses provide for their customers
 and employees, and stabilize their energy costs. Enables municipalities, destination locations,
 and communities and/or dwellings where on-site or roof-top installation may not be a viable
 option to adopt EV charging and solar solutions via resilient microgrid and community solar
 projects. 
 
 3. Utility
 and Development Division: Helps utilities meet increased demand and upgrade their infrastructure
 to with utility-scale solar projects and utilize current design and development services
 to originate solar projects for all divisions. 

i
 US Residential PV Customer Acquisition Costs and Trends, Woods Mackenzie Power Renewables, October 2021 (Connelly, White).
Page 5 

 ii
 Solar Power World Reference. 

6 

Some
of the customer needs that will result from automotive electrification and decarbonization are agnostic to scale and will be universal
across all segments. A customer-centric organization, iSun has created cross-division service teams to proactively address these needs.
iSun s: 

1. EV
 Charging Services provides proprietary, solar-powered charging hardware and software
 solutions that enable grid-tied or off-grid EV charging. 
 
 2. Development
 and Professional Services provide solar developers with an a la carte menu of services
 they can use to help accelerate the development process, and more quickly bring their projects
 on-line, all without having to scale their operation. 
 
 3. Solar
 Installation, Operations and Management Services incorporates iSun s expertise
 as one of the largest solar contractors into a comprehensive suite of services solar asset
 owners can use to keep their arrays operating at peak performance levels. 

Because
we provide services to each segment of the marketplace, our Solar Platform enables us to adapt to the evolving range of customer demand
and energy innovations resulting from decarbonization and vehicle electrification. 

Customer
Acquisition: iSun s growth and new customer acquisition strategies are unique to each division. 

Residential:
 SunCommon values high-touch customer service capabilities that foster long-term customer relationships. Our focus ideally suits
the contemporary market environment, where recent technologies like EV charging, energy storage and grid management are arriving early
and often. The rapid pace of these deployments mean consumers will be looking to enhance their systems more regularly, increasing long-term
customer value. We can cultivate and maintain these relationships at an exceptionally low cost. SunCommon reported new customer acquisition
costs of 0.30/w for the 12 months ending December 31, 2022. 

Commercial
and Industrial: We continue to experience organic growth from our established relationships with national developers
requesting development and EPC services. Additionally, we have made strategic investments in entities capable of providing a robust
pipeline of industrial-scale EPC projects. On November 24, 2021, iSun entered into a Membership Unit Purchase agreement (the
 MUPA with Encore Redevelopment LLC Encore in exchange for a fully diluted 9.1 ownership interest in
Encore. The investment provides for collaboration opportunities across Encore s robust project pipeline, which has doubled in
2022 partially as a result of the capital infusion. Additionally, the transaction has provided insights into new prospective
geographic markets, which has informed iSun s geographic growth strategy for its Residential and Commercial
divisions. 

Utility:
 With the acquisition of Oakwood Construction Services intellectual property, we were able to expand our utility-scale capabilities
to include EPC as well as our development and professional services. Unlike EPC services, development and professional services occur
prior to the commencement of construction and are not contingent upon a project proceeding to construction status. Development and professional
services not only enhance cash-flows and margins on a month-to-month basis, but also afford us the rights to construction services for
each project that proceeds to construction, effectively transforming the lead generation funnel for iSun s Utility Division into
a revenue generator instead of an expense. Immediate success of this strategy is demonstrated by contracts for development and professional
services work on 566MW of solar projects across 4 project sites across the US. 

Ancillary
Markets 

Our
capabilities allow for expansion into high-growth adjacent markets. We began operations as a traditional electric contractor and hold
a wide range of capabilities to install electric equipment for a variety of end uses. Today, these core capabilities have developed our
business in solar array installation, traditional electric, and data services. We can deploy these capabilities to other large, rapidly
growing clean/renewable end market within each segment; namely electric vehicle EV charging stations, data centers, energy
storage and other markets. The rapid proliferation of EV charging stations has followed the shift in auto sales to electronic vehicles,
and the EV charging market is expected to expand to over 30 billion by 2024 with a CAGR of 40 over the next 2-year period. Energy
storage measured by megawatts expanded by 44 year-over-year in 2018 and is projected to grow into a 4.7 billion market by 2024.
Both markets represent adjacent, high growth expansion opportunities for us, and both require minimal investment of resources, infrastructure
or capital spend given its complementary nature to our existing capabilities. 

7 

Employees 

As
of March 30, 2023, we employed approximately 290 full-time employees. We may also utilize outside subcontractors to assist with installing
solar systems for our commercial and residential customers. Our direct installation labor is a combination of employees and contract
labor. 

We
have direct access to unionized labor, which provides a unique advantage for growth, because workforce resources can be scaled efficiently
utilizing local labor unions in other states to meet specific project needs in other states without increasing fixed labor costs for
us. 

Financing 

To
promote residential sales, we assist customers in obtaining financing options. Our objective is to arrange the most flexible terms
that meet the needs and wants of the customer. Although we do not yet directly provide financing, we have relationships to arrange
financing with numerous private and public sources, including SunLight, and the Vermont State Employees Credit Union, which offers
VGreen financing to maximize solar investment savings. 

We
believe it is best for customers to own their own systems, but some customers prefer not to own their systems. We also have the ability
to arrange financing with third parties through power purchase agreements and leases for our customers. 

Suppliers 

We
purchase solar panels, inverters and materials directly from multiple manufacturers and through distributors. We intend to further coordinate
purchases across all business segments and to optimize supply relationships to realize the advantages of greater scale. 

If
one or more of our suppliers fail to meet our supply needs, ceases or reduces production due to its financial condition, acquisition
by a competitor or otherwise, it may be difficult to quickly identify alternate suppliers or to qualify alternative products on commercially
reasonable terms, and our ability to satisfy this demand may be adversely affected. We do not, however, rely on any single supplier and
our management believes that we can obtain needed solar panels and materials from a number of different suppliers. Accordingly, we believe
that the loss of any single supplier would not materially affect our business. 

We
also utilize companies with subcontractors for electrical installations, for racking and solar panel installations, as well
as numerous subcontractors for grading, landscaping, and construction for our commercial, and industrial customers. 

Installation 

We
are a licensed contractor in the markets that we serve, and we are responsible for every customer installation. We manage the entire
process from permitting through inspection to interconnection to the power grid, thereby making the system installation process simple
and seamless for its customers. Controlling every aspect of the installation process allows us to minimize costs, ensure quality and
deliver high levels of customer satisfaction. 

8 

Even
with controlling every aspect of the installation process, the ability to perform on a contract is subject to limitations. There remain
jurisdictional approval processes outside our immediate control including, but not limited to, approvals of city, county, state or Federal
government bodies or one of their respective agencies. Other aspects outside of our direct control include approvals from various utility
companies and weather conditions. 

After-Sales
Support 

It
is our intent to provide continuing operation and maintenance services for our installed residential and commercial solar systems. We
provide extended factory equipment technical support and act as a service liaison using our proprietary knowledge, technology, and solar
electric energy engineering staff. We do this through a 5-year limited workmanship warranty and operations and maintenance program, which
among other things, provides a service and technical support line to our customers. We generally respond to our job site related issues
within 24 hours and offer assistance as long as required to maintain customer satisfaction. Our price to customers includes this warranty,
and also includes the pass through of various manufacturers warranties that are typically up to 25 years. 

Customers 

Historically,
the majority of our revenue came from commercial and industrial solar installations ranging in size from 100 kilowatts to 10 megawatts.
In 2022, we expanded our capabilities to serve customers across the residential, commercial, industrial and utility markets. We expanded
our services based on customer demand to include development and professional services, engineering, procurement, installation, storage,
monitoring and electric vehicle infrastructure support. 

In
2022, approximately 52 of revenues were generated by residential installations, approximately 33 of revenues were generated by
commercial and industrial installations, 10 of revenues were generated from electrical and data contracts, and 5 of revenues
were generated by project origination services. In 2021, approximately 28 of our revenues were generated by residential installations,
approximately 58 of revenues were generated by commercial and industrial installations, 11 of revenue were generated from our electrical
and data contracts, and 3 of revenues were generated by project origination services. 

We
believe that we have an advantage in the commercial solar market in New England given our extensive contact list, resulting from our
experience in the commercial and industrial construction market, which also provides access to customers that trust us. Through our network
of vendors, participation in variety of industry trade associations and independent sales consultants, we now have a growing list of
repeat clients, as well as an active and loyal referral network. As new markets open in other key geographic regions, we are able to
leverage our reputation and long-term customer relationships for market entry. 

Competitors 

In
the solar installation market, we compete with companies that offer products similar to our products. Some of these companies have greater
financial resources, operational experience, and technical capabilities than we do. When bidding for solar installation projects, however,
our current experience suggests that we are the dominant or preferred competitor in the markets in which we compete. We do not believe
that any competitor has more than 10 of the market across all the areas in which we currently operate. We compete with other solar installers
on our expertise and proven track record of performance. Also, pricing, service and the ability to arrange financing may be important
for a project award. 

Seasonality 

We
often find that some customers tend to book projects by the end of a calendar year to realize the benefits of available subsidy programs
prior to year-end. This results in third and fourth quarter sales being more robust usually at the expense of the first quarter. In the
future, this seasonality may cause fluctuations in financial results. In addition, other seasonality trends may develop and the existing
seasonality that we experience may change. Weather can also be an important factor affecting project timelines. 

Technology
and Intellectual Property 

Generally,
the solar EPC business is not dependent on intellectual property. We did acquire the intellectual property of Oakwood Construction Services,
LLC which provides proprietary capabilities for solar asset development and execution of large utility scale solar projects at a significant
value to our customers. 

Government
Regulation and Incentives 

Government
Regulation 

We
are not regulated as a public utility in the United States under applicable national, state or other local regulatory regimes where we
conduct business. 

9 

To
operate our systems, we obtain interconnection permission from the applicable local primary electric utility. Depending on the size of
the solar energy system and local law requirements, interconnection permission is provided by the local utility and we and/or our customer.
In almost all cases, interconnection permissions are issued on the basis of a standard process that has been pre-approved by the local
public utility commission or other regulatory body with jurisdiction overnet metering procedures. As such, no additional regulatory approvals
are required once interconnection permission is given. 

Our
operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws, including regulations governing the occupational health
and safety of our employees and wage regulations. For example, we are subject to the requirements of OSHA, the DOT and comparable state
laws that protect and regulate employee health and safety. 

Government
Incentives 

Federal,
state and local government bodies provide incentives to owners, end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar
energy systems to promote solar energy in the form of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives such as system performance
payments, payments for renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation and exclusion of solar energy systems from
property tax assessments. These incentives enable iSun to lower the price it charges customers to own or lease, our solar energy systems,
helping to catalyze customer acceptance of solar energy as an alternative to utility-provided power. 

The
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA legislation will invest nearly 370 billion in energy security and climate change
programs over the next decade. The Act renews the full 30 credit rate for Investment Tax Credit ITC of eligible facilities
that meet the prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements. The IRA provides a direct pay provision for tax exempt entities including
local governments, tribal nations, nonprofits, cooperative and municipal utilities while also allowing for the transferability of those
tax credits. The IRA allows for additional bonus credits for qualifications related to domestic content, energy communities and low-
and moderate-income communities. The ITC will step down to 26 in 2033 and 22 in 2034. 

The
economics of purchasing a solar energy system are also improved by eligibility for accelerated depreciation, also known as the modified
accelerated cost recovery system, or MACRS depreciation, which allows for the depreciation of equipment according to an accelerated
schedule set forth by the Internal Revenue Service. The acceleration of depreciation creates a valuable tax benefit that reduces the
overall cost of the solar energy system and increases the return on investment. 

Approximately
50 of states in the U.S. offer a personal and/or corporate investment or production tax credit for solar energy that is additive to
the ITC. Further, these states, and many local jurisdictions, have established property tax incentives for renewable energy systems that
include exemptions, exclusions, abatements, and credits. Many state governments, traditional utilities, municipal utilities and co-operative
utilities offer a rebate or other cash incentive for the installation and operation of a solar energy system or energy efficiency measures.
Capital costs or up-front rebates provide funds to solar customers based on the cost, size or expected production of a
customer s solar energy system. Performance-based incentives provide cash payments to a solar energy system owner based on the
energy generated by their solar energy system during a pre-determined period, and they are paid over that time period. Depending on the
cost of the system and other site-specific variables, tax incentives can typically cover 30-40 of the cost of a commercial or residential
solar system. 

Many
states also have adopted procurement requirements for renewable energy production that requires regulated utilities to procure a specified
percentage of total electricity delivered to customers in the State from eligible renewable energy sources, such as solar energy systems,
by a specified date. 

Environmental,
Social and Corporate Governance 

Governance
and Strategic Overview 

In
2022, iSun built upon its historic foundation of environmentally and socially responsible business by formalizing an enterprise-level
ESG strategy. This strategy is overseen by an ESG Executive Committee and guided by the Corporate Governance Committee on the Board
of Directors. Our governance efforts have included developing and publishing a core set of policies that speak to our position on and
approach to a range of environmental, social, and governance issues. Through a stakeholder engagement process and iSun employee interviews,
we have identified a set of material issues that are critical to both our business and to our key stakeholders. As such, we have developed
policies and are implementing initiatives related to climate change and environmental stewardship, diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI),
labor management and human rights, and stakeholder engagement. We are also formalizing and implementing a Business Code of Conduct as
well as a Supplier Code of Conduct. 

Our
strategic plan is designed to mitigate the risks and capitalize on the opportunities associated with these issues, with an explicit focus
on aligning our commercial goals and impact aspirations to drive both shareholder and broader stakeholder value. This strategy will be
guided by cross-functional working groups comprised of leaders from across the company and will have explicit goals, key performance
indicators (KPIs), and timelines for implementing the initiatives that address each issue. 

iSun
will be focused on integrating, aligning, and scaling the impact programs developed over the years by SunCommon, our recently
purchased subsidiary, which is a Vermont benefit corporation and a certified B corporation and a recognized leader in the world of socially responsible business. 

10 

iSun
is currently in compliance with all ESG-related requirements of the SEC and of Nasdaq including the Board Diversity Disclosure Matrix
provided below. 

iSun,
Inc. Board Diversity Matrix 

Total
Number of Directors : 5 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did
 Not Disclose
 Gender 
 
 Part 1: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 1 
 4 
 0 
 0 

Part 2: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Alaskan Native or Native American 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Asian 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Hispanic or Latin 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 White 
 1 
 4 
 0 
 0 
 
 Two or more Races/Ethnicities 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Risks
and Opportunities 

Climate
change, and its associated issues like emissions, energy management, waste, and water management have been identified as critical
to our social mission and the concerns of our commercial customers, employees, and investors. Our mission to accelerate the world s
transition from dirty to clean energy can only be achieved if we are also decarbonizing our own operations and supply chains. We will
be setting long-term goals on climate change and these associated environmental issues after we conduct our first enterprise Greenhouse
Gas (GHG) accounting exercise to determine our scopes 1, 2, and 3 emissions. 

Human
capital, and diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), have been identified as critical to our long-term success and social impact aspirations.
Human capital has become an increasingly important topic for investors and society at large. It is also integral to the long-term success
of our business as we rely heavily on our installation teams and the union members we employ. In turn, we will be ramping up our focus
on workforce development and upward mobility opportunities for our employees, advancing work opportunities for diverse and at-risk populations,
as well as supporting economic inclusion within our supply chains through a minority-owned business procurement program. 

Governance
and corporate transparency, both internally and externally, is another core risk and opportunity to address. Our revamped ESG governance
structure and utilization of the ESG project management platform, ESGProgram.io, will ensure alignment and integration of these efforts
across the iSun enterprise. An internal and external ESG communications plan will also ensure our intentions, efforts, and outcomes are
well understood by our external stakeholders and greater operational alignment with our internal teams. Lastly, we will be providing
ESG education to our executive leaders and Board to ensure they can actively contribute to the success of our ESG strategy. 

Climate
Change and Human Capital Management 

Climate
change and human capital management are two leading ESG issues across industries. From investor expectations to SEC disclosure regulations,
climate risk management and human capital management have emerged as the two most critical issues from a stakeholder and general public
perspective. 

Our
objectives for climate change include measuring and reducing our emissions, waste, and water, enhancing our operational climate risk
resilience, and developing service offerings that support the climate risk resilience of our customers. We will be setting long-term
climate change goals, KPI s, and timelines for achievement, as well as reporting our progress in a 2023 Task Force for Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report. 

Our
objectives for human capital management include increasing the diversity of our workforce and procurement partners, creating upward mobility
opportunities for diverse employees and field staff, as well as increasing the visibility and importance of the trades in the communities
we live and work. We will be setting long-term human capital goals, KPI s, and timelines for achievement, as well as reporting
our progress in 2023 with the relevant metrics from the Sustainable Accounting Standards Boards (SASB). 

Commitments 

We
will be implementing our enterprise ESG strategic plan across our operations. As our cross-functional working groups get up and running,
we will begin our enterprise GHG emissions assessment and develop the internal infrastructure for consistent ESG data collection. All
material issues will be overseen by their relevant functional leaders and will have explicit and quantified goals, KPI s, and timelines
for achievement. We will be reporting on our progress throughout the year, culminating in a ESG report and complete with a Sustainable
Accounting Standards Boards (SASB) and Task Force for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) reports. Our progress will be actively
communicated externally on our website and in governance documents to ensure full visibility into our ESG intentions, efforts, and results. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
address is 400 Avenue D, Suite 10, Williston, VT 05495 and our telephone number is (802) 658-3378. Our corporate website is: www.isunenergy.com .
The content of our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 

11 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors . 

An
investment in our Common Stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors contained in this Annual Report
and in our filings with the SEC before you decide to invest in our Common Stock. Our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result of any of such risks. The value of our Common Stock could decline
as a result of any of these risks. You could lose all or part of your investment in our Common Stock. Some of our statements in sections
entitled Risk Factors are forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
impact of a subsequent wave of the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) on general market and economic conditions has yet to be determined
and if it occurs it is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has resulted in widespread disruption to capital
markets and general economic and business climate. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we experienced significant disruption to our
supply chain, instability in material pricing and labor shortages due to the long-term impact of COVID-19. On June 14, 2021, Vermont
Governor Phil Scott removed all COVID-19 restrictions and Vermont s State of Emergency expired on June 15, 2021. The extent to which COVID-19 affects our results, or those of our suppliers, will depend on future developments, which are
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. At this time, no material impact to our business and operations is anticipated. 

The
Russian-Ukraine conflict and the impact of related sanctions may impact our business. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and related sanctions have not had any impact on our business.
However, we may be impacted by the disruptions of the global supply chain. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

We
operated at a loss in 2022 and 2021 and cannot predict when we will achieve profitability. 

Our
management believes that achieving profitability will depend in large part on our ability to increase market share in our existing market
segments and expand our geographic foot print and to consummate synergistic acquisitions. No assurance can be given that we will achieve
profitably or that we will have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due. 

We
may require substantial additional funding which may not be available to it on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise the necessary
additional capital, we may be unable to maintain our business and operations. 

The
Company was not profitable in 2022 and 2021. In order to grow our operations, we may increase our spending for our operating expenses,
capital expenditures and acquisitions. 

We
cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital
in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue our organic growth
or corporate acquisitions. Any of these events could significantly harm our business, financial condition, and strategy. 

In
order to carry out our business plan and implement our strategy, we anticipate that we will need to obtain additional financing from
time to time, and we may choose to raise additional funds through strategic collaborations, public or private equity or debt financing,
bank lines of credit, asset sales, government grants, or other arrangements. Our management cannot be sure that any additional funding,
if needed, will be available on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, any additional equity or equity-related financing obtained may
be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt or equity financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant
interest costs. 

An
inability to raise capital when needed could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could cause our stock
price to decline or require that we cease operations. 

Our
management discovered a material weakness in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as
required to be implemented by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

We
are currently subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are required to provide management s attestation on
internal controls. Our management has identified control deficiencies and the need for a stronger internal control environment
relating to the financial statement close process. The ineffectiveness of the design, implementation and operation of the controls
surrounding these matters creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements
would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, our management concluded that this deficiency represents a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Although our management has taken
significant steps to remediate this weakness, our management can give no assurance that all the measures it has taken will on a
permanent and sustainable basis remediate the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting or that any other material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future. We
plan to take additional steps to remedy this material weakness. If we are not able to implement the requirements of Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in the future, we will not be able to assess whether our internal controls over financial reporting
are effective, which may subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of
our Common Stock. 

12 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

A
material reduction in the retail price of traditional utility generated electricity or electricity from other sources could harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
management believes that a significant number of our customers decide to buy solar energy because they want to pay less for electricity
than what is offered by the traditional utilities. 

The
customer s decision to choose solar energy may also be affected by the cost of other renewable energy sources. Decreases in the
retail prices of electricity from the traditional utilities or from other renewable energy sources would harm our ability to offer competitive
pricing and could harm our business. The price of electricity from traditional utilities could decrease as a result of: 

construction
 of a significant number of new power generation plants, including plants utilizing natural
 gas, nuclear, coal, renewable energy or other generation technologies; 

relief
 of transmission constraints that enable local centers to generate energy less expensively; 

reductions
 in the price of natural gas; 

utility
 rate adjustment and customer class cost reallocation; 

energy
 conservation technologies and public initiatives to reduce electricity consumption; 

development
 of new or lower-cost energy storage technologies that have the ability to reduce a customer s
 average cost of electricity by shifting load to off-peak times; or 

development
 of new energy generation technologies that provide less expensive energy. 

A
reduction in utility electricity prices would make the purchase or the lease of our solar energy systems less economically attractive.
If the retail price of energy available from traditional utilities were to decrease due to any of these reasons, or other reasons, we
would be at a competitive disadvantage, may be unable to attract new customers and our growth would be limited. 

Existing
electric utility industry regulations, and changes to regulations, may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase
and use of solar energy systems that may significantly reduce demand for our solar energy systems. 

Federal,
state and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, and internal policies and regulations promulgated
by electric utilities, heavily influence the market for electricity generation products and services. These regulations and policies
often relate to electricity pricing and the interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. In the United States, governments
and utilities continuously modify these regulations and policies. These regulations and policies could deter customers from purchasing
renewable energy, including solar energy systems. This could result in a significant reduction in the potential demand for our solar
energy systems. For example, utilities commonly charge fees to larger, industrial customers for disconnecting from the electric grid
or for having the capacity to use power from the electric grid for back-up purposes. These fees could increase our customers cost
to use our systems and make them less desirable, thereby harming our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, depending on the region, electricity generated by solar energy systems competes most effectively with expensive peak-hour
electricity from the electric grid, rather than the less expensive average price of electricity. Modifications to the utilities 
peak hour pricing policies or rate design, such as to a flat rate, would require us to lower the price of our solar energy systems to
compete with the price of electricity from the electric grid. 

13 

In
addition, any changes to government or internal utility regulations and policies that favor electric utilities could reduce our competitiveness
and cause a significant reduction in demand for our products and services. For example, certain jurisdictions have proposed assessing
fees on customers purchasing energy from solar energy systems or imposing a new charge that would disproportionately impact solar energy
system customers who utilize net metering, either of which would increase the cost of energy to those customers and could reduce demand
for our solar energy systems. It is possible charges could be imposed on not just future customers but our existing customers, causing
a potentially significant consumer relations problem and harming our reputation and business. Due to the current concentration of our
business in Vermont, any such changes in these markets would be particularly harmful to our business, results of operations, and future
growth. 

Our
growth strategy depends on the widespread adoption of solar power technology. 

The
market for solar power products is emerging and rapidly evolving, and our future success is uncertain. If solar power technology proves
unsuitable for widespread commercial deployment or if demand for solar power products fails to develop sufficiently, we would be unable
to generate enough revenues to achieve and sustain profitability and positive cash flow. The factors influencing the widespread adoption
of solar power technology include but are not limited to: 

cost-effectiveness
 of solar power technologies as compared with conventional and non-solar alternative energy
 technologies; 

performance
 and reliability of solar power products as compared with conventional and non-solar alternative
 energy products; 

fluctuations
 in economic and market conditions which impact the viability of conventional and non-solar
 alternative energy sources, such as increases or decreases in the prices of oil and other
 fossil fuels; 

continued
 deregulation of the electric power industry and broader energy industry; and 

availability
 of governmental subsidies and incentives. 

Our
business currently depends on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. The expiration, elimination or
reduction of these rebates, credits and incentives would adversely impact our business. 

U.S.
federal, state and local government bodies provide incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar
energy systems to promote solar electricity in the form of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives such as system performance
payments and payments for renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation. These governmental rebates, tax credits
and other financial incentives enhance the return on investment for our customers and incent them to purchase solar systems. These incentives
enables us to lower the price that we charge customers for energy and for solar energy systems. However, these incentives may expire
on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is exhausted, or be reduced or terminated as solar energy adoption rates increase.
These reductions or terminations often occur without warning. 

Reductions
in, or eliminations or expirations of, governmental incentives could adversely impact our results of operations and our ability to compete
in our industry, causing us to increase the prices of our solar energy systems, and reducing the size of our addressable market. In addition,
this would adversely impact our ability to attract investment partners and to form new financing funds and our ability to offer attractive
financing to prospective customers. 

14 

Our
business depends in part on the regulatory treatment of third-party owned solar energy systems. 

Our
leases and any power purchase agreements are third-party ownership arrangements. Sales of electricity by third parties face regulatory
challenges in some states and jurisdictions. Other challenges pertain to whether third-party owned systems qualify for the same levels
of rebates or other non-tax incentives available for customer-owned solar energy systems, whether third-party owned systems are eligible
at all for these incentives, and whether third-party owned systems are eligible for net metering and the associated significant cost
savings. Reductions in, or eliminations of, this treatment of these third-party arrangements could reduce demand for our systems, adversely
impact our access to capital and could cause us to increase the price that we charge our customers for energy. 

Our
ability to provide solar energy systems to customers on an economically viable basis depends on our ability to help customers arrange
financing for such systems. 

Our
solar energy systems have been eligible for federal investment tax credits or U.S. Treasury grants, as well as depreciation benefits.
We have relied on, and will continue to rely on, financing structures that monetize a substantial portion of those benefits and provide
financing for our solar energy systems. With the lapse of the U.S. Treasury grant program, we anticipate that our customers reliance
on these tax-advantaged financing structures will increase substantially. If, for any reason, our customers were unable to continue to
monetize those benefits through these arrangements, we may be unable to provide and maintain solar energy systems for new customers on
an economically viable basis. 

The
availability of this tax-advantaged financing depends upon many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 state of financial and credit markets; 

changes
 in the legal or tax risks associated with these financings; and 

non-renewal
 of these incentives or decreases in the associated benefits. 

U.S.
Treasury grants are no longer available for new solar energy systems. Changes in existing law and interpretations by the Internal Revenue
Service and the courts could reduce the willingness of funding sources to provide funds to customers of these solar energy systems. We
cannot assure you that this type of financing will be available to our customers. If, for any reason, we are unable to find financing
for solar energy systems, we may no longer be able to provide solar energy systems to new customers on an economically viable basis.
This would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Rising
interest rates could adversely impact our business. 

Increases
in interest rates could have an adverse impact on our business by increasing our cost of capital, which would increase our interest expense
on any variable rate indebtedness and make acquisitions more expensive to undertake. 

Further,
rising interest rates may negatively impact our ability to arrange financing for our customers on favorable terms to facilitate our customers 
purchases of our solar energy systems. The majority of our cash flows to date have been from the sales of solar energy systems. Rising
interest rates may have the effect of depressing the sales of solar energy systems because many consumers finance their purchases. 

As
a result, an increase in interest rates may negatively affect our costs and reduce our revenues, which would have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
we cannot compete successfully against other solar and energy companies, we may not be successful in developing our operations and our
business may suffer. 

The
solar and energy industries are characterized by intense competition and rapid technological advances, both in the United States and
internationally. We compete with solar companies with business models that are similar to ours. In addition, we compete with solar companies
in the downstream value chain of solar energy. For example, we face competition from purely finance driven organizations that acquire
customers and then subcontract out the installation of solar energy systems, from installation businesses that seek financing from external
parties, from large construction companies and utilities, and increasingly from sophisticated electrical and roofing companies. Some
of these competitors specialize in the residential solar energy market, and some may provide energy at lower costs than we do. Further,
some competitors are integrating vertically in order to ensure supply and to control costs. Many of our competitors also have significant
brand name recognition and have extensive knowledge of our target markets. 

15 

If
we are unable to compete in the market, we will experience an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

Adverse
economic conditions may have material adverse consequences on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Unpredictable
and unstable changes in economic conditions, including recession, inflation, increased government intervention, or other changes, may
adversely affect our general business strategy. We rely upon our ability to generate additional sources of liquidity and we may need
to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings in order to fund existing operations or to take advantage
of opportunities, including acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies. Any adverse event would have a material adverse
impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
business is concentrated in certain markets, putting it at risk of region-specific disruptions. 

As
of December 31, 2022, a vast majority of our total solar installations were in the Northeast. Our management expects our near-term future
growth to occur throughout the Eastern United States, and to further expand our customer base and operational infrastructure. Accordingly,
our business and results of operations are particularly susceptible to adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions
in such markets and in other markets that may become similarly concentrated. 

If
we are unable to retain and recruit qualified technicians and advisors, or if our key executives, key employees or consultants discontinue
their employment or consulting relationship with us, we may delay our development efforts or otherwise harm our business. 

We
may not be able to attract or retain qualified management or technical personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified
personnel among solar, energy, and other businesses. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in
recent years. If we are not able to attract, retain, and motivate necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience
constraints that will significantly impede the successful development of any product candidates, our ability to raise additional capital,
and our ability to implement our overall business strategy. 

We
are highly dependent on members of our management and technical staff. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract,
retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level, and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level, and senior technical personnel.
The loss of any of our executive officers, key employees, or consultants and our inability to find suitable replacements could potentially
harm our business, financial condition, and prospects. We may be unable to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the
competition among solar and energy companies. Certain of our current officers, directors, and/or consultants hereafter appointed may
from time to time serve as officers, directors, scientific advisors, and/or consultants of other solar and energy companies. We do not
maintain key man insurance policies on any of our officers or employees. Other than certain members of our senior management
team, all of our employees are employed at will and, therefore, each employee may leave our employment and join a competitor
at any time. 

We
plan to grant stock options, restricted stock grants, or other forms of equity awards in the future as a method of attracting and retaining
employees, motivating performance, and aligning the interests of employees with those of our stockholders. If we are unable to implement
and maintain equity compensation arrangements that provide sufficient incentives, we may be unable to retain our existing employees and
attract additional qualified candidates. If we are unable to retain our existing employees and attract additional qualified candidates,
our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
execution of our business plan and development strategy may be seriously harmed if integration of our senior management team is not successful. 

As
our business continues to grow and in the event that we acquire new businesses, we may experience significant changes in our senior management
team. Failure to integrate our Board of Directors and senior management teams may negatively affect the operations of our business. 

We
may not successfully implement our business model. 

Our
business model is predicated on our ability to build and sell solar systems at a profit, and through organic growth, geographic expansion
and strategic acquisitions. Our management intends to continue to operate our business as it has previously, with sourcing and marketing
methods that we have used successfully in the past. However, our management cannot assure you that our methods will continue to attract
new customers nor that we can achieve profitability in the very competitive solar systems marketplace. 

16 

We
may not be able to effectively manage our growth. 

Our
future growth, if any, may cause a significant strain on our management and our operational, financial, and other resources. Our ability
to manage our growth effectively will require us to implement and improve our operational, financial, and management systems and to expand,
train, manage, and motivate our employees. These demands may require the hiring of additional management personnel and the development
of additional expertise by our management. Any increase in resources used without a corresponding increase in our operational, financial,
and management systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
may not realize the anticipated benefits of completed and future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our
business and management. 

We
have acquired and, in the future, we may acquire companies, project pipelines, products or technologies or enter into joint ventures
or other strategic initiatives. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisition and any acquisition has numerous risks.
These risks include the following: 

difficulty
 in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired company; 

difficulty
 in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our current technologies; 

difficulty
 in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration; 

disruption
 of our ongoing business and distraction of management and employees from other opportunities
 and challenges due to integration issues; 

difficulty
 integrating the acquired company s accounting, management information, and other administrative
 systems; 

inability
 to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business; 

inability
 to retain key customers, vendors, and other business partners of the acquired business; 

inability
 to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses; 

incurring
 acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could
 impact operating results; 

potential
 failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality,
 legal and financial liabilities, among other things; 

potential
 inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective; and 

potential
 inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from governmental authorities,
 which could delay or prevent such acquisitions. 

Mergers
and acquisitions of companies are inherently risky and, if we do not complete the integration of acquired businesses successfully and
in a timely manner, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions to the extent anticipated, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

With
respect to providing electricity on a price-competitive basis, solar systems face competition from traditional regulated electric utilities,
from less-regulated third party energy service providers and from new renewable energy companies. 

The
solar energy and renewable energy industries are both highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish
themselves within their markets and compete with large traditional utilities. We believe that our primary competitors are the traditional
utilities that supply electricity to our potential customers. Traditional utilities generally have substantially greater financial, technical,
operational and other resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to devote more resources to the research, development,
promotion, and sale of their products or respond more quickly to evolving industry standards and changes in market conditions than we
can. Traditional utilities could also offer other value-added products or services that could help them to compete with us even if the
cost of electricity they offer is higher than that of ours. In addition, a majority of utilities sources of electricity is non-solar,
which may allow utilities to sell electricity more cheaply than electricity generated by our solar energy systems. 

17 

We
also compete with companies that are not regulated like traditional utilities, but that have access to the traditional utility electricity
transmission and distribution infrastructure pursuant to state and local pro-competitive and consumer choice policies. These energy service
companies are able to offer customers electricity supply-only solutions that are competitive with our solar energy system options on
both price and usage of renewable energy technology while avoiding the long-term agreements and physical installations that our current
fund-financed business model requires. This may limit our ability to attract new customers; particularly those who wish to avoid long-term
contracts or have an aesthetic or other objection to putting solar panels on their roofs. 

As
the solar industry grows and evolves, we will also face new competitors who are not currently in the market. Low technological barriers
to entry characterize our industry and well-capitalized companies could choose to enter the market and compete with it. Our failure to
adapt to changing market conditions and to compete successfully with existing or new competitors will limit our growth and will have
a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

Developments
in alternative technologies or improvements in distributed solar energy generation may materially adversely affect demand for our offerings. 

Significant
developments in alternative technologies, such as advances in other forms of distributed solar power generation, storage solutions such
as batteries, the widespread use or adoption of fuel cells for residential or commercial properties or improvements in other forms of
centralized power production may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways management does not currently anticipate.
Any failure by us to adopt new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could materially
delay deployment of our solar energy systems, which could result in product obsolescence, the loss of competitiveness of our systems,
decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. 

Due
to the limited number of suppliers in our industry, the acquisition of any of these suppliers by a competitor or any shortage, delay,
price change, imposition of tariffs or duties or other limitation in our ability to obtain components or technologies that we use could
result in sales and installation delays, cancellations, and loss of market share. 

While
we purchase our products from several different suppliers, if one or more of the suppliers on which we rely to meet anticipated demand
ceases or reduces production due to its financial condition, is acquired by a competitor or otherwise is unable to increase production
as industry demand increases, or is otherwise unable to allocate sufficient production to us, it may be difficult for us to quickly identify
alternate suppliers or to qualify alternative products on commercially reasonable terms, and our ability to satisfy this demand may be
adversely affected. There are a limited number of suppliers of solar energy system components and technologies. While we believe there
are other sources of supply for these products available, transitioning to a new supplier may result in additional costs and delays in
acquiring our solar products and deploying our systems. These issues could harm our business or financial performance. 

In
addition, the acquisition of a component supplier or technology provider by one of our competitors could limit our access to such components
or technologies and require significant redesigns of our solar energy systems or installation procedures and have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

There
have also been periods of industry-wide shortages of key components, including solar panels, in times of industry disruption. The manufacturing
infrastructure for some of these components has a long lead-time, requires significant capital investment and relies on the continued
availability of key commodity materials, potentially resulting in an inability to meet demand for these components. The solar industry
is frequently experiencing significant disruption and, as a result, shortages of key components, including solar panels, may be more
likely to occur, which in turn may result in price increases for such components. Even if industry-wide shortages do not occur, suppliers
may decide to allocate key components with high demand or insufficient production capacity to more profitable customers, customers with
long-term supply agreements or customers other than us and our supply of such components may be reduced as a result. 

18 

Typically,
we purchase the components for our solar energy systems on an as-needed basis and do not operate under long-term supply agreements. The
vast majority of our purchases are denominated in U.S. dollars. Since our revenue is also generated in U.S. dollars, we are mostly insulated
from currency fluctuations. However, since our suppliers often incur a significant amount of their costs by purchasing raw materials
and generating operating expenses in foreign currencies, if the value of the U.S. dollar depreciates significantly or for a prolonged
period of time against these other currencies, this may cause our suppliers to raise the prices they charge us, which could harm our
financial results. Any supply shortages, delays, price changes or other limitation in our ability to obtain components or technologies
that we use could limit our growth, cause cancellations or adversely affect our profitability, and result in loss of market share and
damage to our brand. 

We
act as the licensed general contractor for our customers and are subject to risks associated with construction, cost overruns, delays,
regulatory compliance and other contingencies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
are a licensed contractor and we are normally the general contractor, electrician, construction manager, and installer for our solar
energy systems. We may be liable to customers for any damage that we cause to the home, business premises, belongings or property of
our customers during the installation of our systems. For example, we penetrate our customers roofs during the installation
process and may incur liability for the failure to adequately weatherproof such penetrations following the completion of
installation of solar energy systems. In addition, because the solar energy systems that we deploy are high-voltage energy systems,
we may incur liability for the failure to comply with electrical standards and manufacturer recommendations. Because our profit on a
particular installation is based in part on assumptions as to the cost of such project, cost overruns, delays, or other execution
issues may cause us to not achieve our expected results or cover our costs for that project. 

In
addition, the installation of solar energy systems is subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national, state, and local
laws and ordinances relating to building, fire and electrical codes, safety, environmental protection, utility interconnection and metering,
and related matters. We also rely on certain employees to maintain professional licenses in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate,
and our failure to employ properly licensed personnel could adversely affect our licensing status in those jurisdictions. It is difficult
and costly to track the requirements of every authority having jurisdiction over our operations and our solar energy systems. Any new
government regulations or utility policies pertaining to our systems, or changes to existing government regulations or utility policies
pertaining to our systems, may result in significant additional expenses to our customers and, as a result, could cause a significant
reduction in demand for our systems. 

If
we experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or if we fail to implement new systems and software successfully,
our business could be adversely affected. A cyberattack could lead to a material disruption of our information technology systems or
the IT systems of our third-party providers and the loss of business information, which may hinder our ability to conduct our business
effectively and may result in lost revenues and additional costs. 

We
depend on information systems throughout our company to process orders, manage inventory, process and bill shipments and collect cash
from our customers, respond to customer inquiries, contribute to our overall internal control processes, maintain records of our property,
plant and equipment, and record and pay amounts due vendors and other creditors. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in our
information systems that involve interactions with customers and suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and/or
increased costs, which could adversely affect our overall business operation. 

Compliance
with occupational safety and health requirements and best practices can be costly, and noncompliance with such requirements may result
in potentially significant monetary penalties, operational delays, and adverse publicity. 

The
installation of solar energy systems requires our employees to work at heights with complicated and potentially dangerous electrical
systems. The evaluation and modification of buildings as part of the installation process requires our employees to work in locations
that may contain potentially dangerous levels of asbestos, lead, mold or other materials known or believed to be hazardous to human health.
We also maintain a fleet of trucks and other vehicles to support our installers and operations. There is substantial risk of serious
injury or death if proper safety procedures are not followed. Our operations are subject to regulation under the U.S. Occupational Safety
and Health Act OSHA ), the U.S. Department of Transportation DOT ), and equivalent state laws. Changes to
OSHA or DOT requirements, or stricter interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, could result in increased costs. 

19 

If
we fail to comply with applicable OSHA regulations, even if no work-related serious injury or death occurs, we may be subject to civil
or criminal enforcement and be required to pay substantial penalties, incur significant capital expenditures or suspend or limit operations.
While we have not experienced a high level of injuries to date, high injury rates could expose us to increased liability. In the past,
we have had workplace accidents and received citations from OSHA regulators for alleged safety violations, resulting in fines. Any such
accidents, citations, violations, injuries or failure to comply with industry best practices may subject us to adverse publicity, damage
our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect our business. 

Problems
with product quality or performance may cause us to incur warranty expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining
or increasing our market share. 

If
our products fail to perform as expected while under warranty, or if we are unable to support the warranties, sales of our products may
be adversely affected, or our costs may increase, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

We
may also be subject to warranty or product liability claims against us that are not covered by insurance or are in excess of our available
insurance limits. In addition, quality issues can have various other ramifications, including delays in the recognition of revenue, loss
of revenue, loss of future sales opportunities, increased costs associated with repairing or replacing products, and a negative impact
on our goodwill and reputation. The possibility of future product failures could cause us to incur substantial expenses to repair or
replace defective products. Furthermore, widespread product failures may damage our market reputation and reduce our market share causing
sales to decline. 

Seasonality
may cause fluctuations in our financial results. 

We
often find that some customers tend to book projects by the end of a calendar year to realize the benefits of available subsidy programs
prior to year-end. This results in third and fourth quarter sales being more robust usually at the expense of the first quarter. In the
future, this seasonality may cause fluctuations in financial results. In addition, other seasonality trends may develop and the existing
seasonality that we experience may change. Weather can also be an important factor affecting project timelines. 

A
failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to our interactions with current or prospective commercial or residential customers
could result in negative publicity, claims, investigations, and litigation, and adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our
business includes contracts and transactions with commercial and residential customers. We must comply with numerous federal, state,
and local laws and regulations that govern matters relating to our interactions with residential consumers, including those pertaining
to privacy and data security, consumer financial and credit transactions, home improvement contracts, warranties, and door-to-door solicitation.
These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various federal, state and local legislative
and regulatory bodies may expand current laws or regulations, or enact new laws and regulations, regarding these matters. Changes in
these laws or regulations or their interpretation could dramatically affect how we do business, acquire customers, and manage and use
information that we collect from and about current and prospective customers and the costs associated therewith. We strive to comply
with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our interactions with residential customers. It is possible, however, that these
requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other
rules or our practices. Non-compliance with any such law or regulations could also expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations
by private parties and regulatory authorities, as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and
adversely affect our business. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results
of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments, including non-U.S. governments. In particular,
we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations
may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from
time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition,
a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. 

20 

Risks
Related to the Regulation of Our Company 

Because
we were previously considered to be a shell company under applicable securities laws and regulations, investors may not
be able to rely on the resale exemption provided by Rule 144 of the Securities Act until certain requirements have been satisfied. As
a result, investors may not be able to easily re-sell our securities and could lose their entire investment. 

Prior
to June 20, 2019, we were considered to be a shell company under Rule 405 of Regulation C of the Securities Act. A shell
company is a company with either no or nominal operations or assets, or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.
In order to rely on the resale exemption provided by Rule 144, certain requirements must be met, including that the Company is current
in the filings required by the Securities Exchange of 1934, as amended. Because shareholders may not be able to rely on an exemption
for the resale of their securities other than Rule 144, they may not be able to easily re-sell our securities in the future and could
lose their entire investment as a result. See Shares Eligible For Future Sale Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell
Companies or Former Shell Companies . 

We
are an emerging growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ),
and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company 
for up to five years, although we will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of (i) the last day of
the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering IPO ), (ii) the last day of the first fiscal
year in which our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion or more, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous rolling three-year
period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer as defined in the Exchange Act. We cannot predict if investors will find shares of our Common Stock less attractive or us
less comparable to certain other public companies because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less
attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our Common Stock price may be more volatile. 

Pursuant
to the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for so long as we are an emerging growth company. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting,
and generally requires in the same report a report by our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. We are required to provide management s attestation on internal controls effective December 31,
2025 However, under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until we are no longer an emerging
growth company. We will be an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a)
following the fifth anniversary of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging
growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. However, we have chosen to opt out of such extended transition period and, as a result, we must comply
with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth
companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new
or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 

21 

If
we are not able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of Nasdaq, Nasdaq could delist our Common Stock. 

Our
Common Stock is currently listed on Nasdaq. In order to maintain such listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued
listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders 
equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to comply
with the applicable listing standards. Although we are currently in compliance with such listing standards, we may in the future fall
out of compliance with such standards. If we are unable to maintain compliance with these Nasdaq requirements, our Common Stock will
be delisted from Nasdaq. 

Our
Common Stock currently trades on Nasdaq, and, to date, trading of our Common Stock has been limited. If a more active market does not
develop, it may be difficult for you to sell the Common Stock you own or result in your sale at a price that is less than the price you
paid. 

To
date, trading of our Common Stock on Nasdaq has been limited and there can be no assurance that there will be a more active market for
our Common Stock either now or in the future. If a more active and liquid trading market does not develop or if developed cannot be sustained,
you may have difficulty selling any of the shares of Common Stock that you purchased. The market price for our Common Stock may decline
below the price you paid, and you may not be able to sell your shares of Common Stock at or above the price you paid, or at all. 

In
the event that our Common Stock is delisted from Nasdaq, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares
of our Common Stock because they may be considered penny stocks and thus be subject to the penny stock rules. 

The
SEC has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stock that restricts transactions involving stock which is deemed to
be penny stock. Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These rules may have the effect of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks.
 Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 per share (other than securities registered
on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ if current price and volume information with respect to transactions in
such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Our shares of Common Stock have in the past constituted, and may again in the
future constitute, penny stock within the meaning of the rules. The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements
imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers may discourage such broker-dealers from effecting transactions in shares of our Common Stock, which
could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares of common stock and impede their sale in the secondary market. 

A
U.S. broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally,
an individual with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse)
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction
prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition, the penny stock regulations
require the U.S. broker-dealer to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock , a disclosure schedule prepared
in accordance with SEC standards relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise
exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer is also required to disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered representative
and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements disclosing recent price
information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited
market in penny stocks . 

Stockholders
should be aware that, according to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud
and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to
the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press
releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced
sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping
of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, resulting in investor losses.
Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a
position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the
confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

22 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law,
could impair a takeover attempt. 

The
Company s Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying
or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions include: 

A
 classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms, which may delay the ability
 of stockholders to the change the membership of a majority of our Board of Directors; 

no
 cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders
 to elect director candidates; 

the
 exclusive right of our Board of Directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by
 the expansion of the Board of Directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director,
 which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 

the
 ability of our Board of Directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock
 and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting
 rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership
 of a hostile acquirer; 

the
 requirement that an Annual Meeting of Stockholders may be called only by the Chairman of
 the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive officer, or the Board of Directors, which may
 delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action,
 including the removal of directors; 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings; 

providing
 that directors may be removed prior to the expiration of their terms by stockholders only
 for cause; and 

advance
 notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our
 Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting,
 which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies
 to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control
 of the Company. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of the Company or changes in our Board of Directors
and management. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware DGCL ), which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding Common Stock from engaging
in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding Common Stock. Any provision
of our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring
a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could
also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. 

23 

Risks
Related to Offerings and Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The
issuance of our Common Stock pursuant to the Form S-3 Registration Statement may cause dilution and could cause the price of our Common
Stock to fall. 

A
substantial majority of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock and exercisable options are freely tradable without restriction or
further registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

The
Company filed an S-3 Registration Statement which was declared effective by the SEC on December 11, 2020. The Registration Statement
contains a Base Prospectus, which covers the offering, issuance and sale by iSun of up to 50,000,000 in the aggregate of our shares
of Common Stock from time to time in one or more offerings. 

Pursuant
to a direct offering pursuant to the S-3 Registration Statement the Company sold an aggregate of 840,000 shares of Common Stock and received
aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 10,500,000. The Company entered into a Sales Agreement dated September 30,
2021 as amended (the Sales Agreement ), with B Riley Capital (the Agent ). Pursuant to the Sales Agreement,
iSun may offer and sell from time to time up to an aggregate of 39,500,000 of shares of Common Stock (the Placement Shares through the Agent. Sales of the Placement Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement, may be made in sales deemed to be at the market
offerings ATM as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Agent will act as sales agent and
will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell on iSun s behalf all of the Placement Shares requested to be sold by iSun, consistent
with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between the Agent and iSun. As of March 16, 2023, B. Riley has
sold an aggregate of 4,995,212 shares of Common Stock in ATM offerings and the Company has received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately
 23.5 million. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, future sales of substantial amounts of shares of our Common
Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline.
Increased sales of our Common Stock in the market for any reason could exert significant downward pressure on our stock price. 

24 

We
may require additional financing to sustain our operations, without which we may not be able to continue operations, and the terms of
subsequent financings may adversely impact our stockholders. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had negative working capital of 4.5 million, net of non-cash liabilities, and had a net loss of 53.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We may utilize proceeds from the sale of shares in ATM offerings to fund our business
and operations. The extent that we rely on such sales as a source of funding will depend on a number of factors including, the
prevailing market price of our Common Stock and the extent to which we are able to secure working capital from other sources. After
the sale of shares in a registered direct offering providing gross proceeds of 10.5 million and sales of shares in ATM offerings
providing gross proceeds of 23.5 million through March 16, 2023, the Company has the potential to
generate approximately 16.0 million in gross proceeds from additional ATM offerings. 

We
may still need additional capital to finance our future plans and working capital needs, and we may have to raise funds through
the issuance of equity or debt securities. Depending on the type and the terms of any financing we pursue, stockholders rights
and the value of their investment in our Common Stock could be reduced. A financing could involve one or more types of securities including
Common Stock, preferred stock, convertible debt or warrants to acquire Common Stock. These securities could be issued at or below the
then prevailing market price for our Common Stock. In addition, if we issue secured debt securities, the holders of the debt would have
a claim to our assets that would be prior to the rights of stockholders until the debt is paid. Interest on these debt securities would
increase costs and negatively impact operating results. If the issuance of new securities results in diminished rights to holders of
our Common Stock, the market price of our Common Stock could be negatively impacted. 

Should
the financing we require to sustain our working capital needs be unavailable or prohibitively expensive when we require it, the consequences
could be a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

We
expect that the value of the Convertible Notes will be significantly affected by the price of our common stock, which may be
volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock, as well as the general level of interest rates and our credit quality, will likely significantly affect
the market price of the Convertible Notes. This may result in significantly greater volatility in the value of the Convertible
Notes than would be expected for nonconvertible debt securities we may issue. We cannot predict whether the price of our common stock
or interest rates will rise or fall. Trading prices of our common stock will be influenced by our operating results and prospects and
by economic, financial, regulatory and other factors. General market conditions, including the level of, and fluctuations in, the trading
prices of stocks generally, could affect the price of our common stock. Holders who receive shares of our common stock upon the conversion
of their Convertible Notes will be subject to the risk of volatile and depressed market prices of our common stock. There can be no assurances
that the market price of our common stock will not fall in the future. 

Our
management has broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from our sale of shares of Common Stock under the Sales Agreement with
B. Riley Financial, LLC., you may not agree with how we use the proceeds and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. 

Our
management has broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from our sale of shares of Common Stock under the Sales Agreement with
B. Riley Financial, LLC and we could use them for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of commencement of the offerings.
Accordingly, you will be relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the use of those net proceeds, and you will not have
the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. It is possible that,
pending their use, we may invest those net proceeds in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for us. The failure of our
management to use such funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results
and cash flows. 

25 

The
share price of our Common Stock is subject to fluctuation, has been and may continue to be volatile and may decline regardless of our
operating performance, resulting in substantial losses for investors who have purchased shares of our Common Stock. 

We
expect that the market price of our Common Stock may continue to be volatile for the foreseeable future. The market price of our Common
Stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the factors listed
below and other factors described in this Risk Factors section: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

the
 financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our
 failure to meet these projections; 

failure
 of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial
 estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these
 estimates or the expectations of investors; 

ratings
 changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
 joint ventures or capital commitments; 

changes
 in operating performance and Common stock market valuations of other technology companies
 generally; 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the
 economy as a whole; 

changes
 in our Board of Directors or management; 

sales
 of large blocks of our Common Stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors
 and significant stockholders; 

potential
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 

short
 sales, hedging and other derivative transactions involving our Common Stock; 

general
 economic conditions in the United States and abroad; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses
 to these events. 

In
addition, stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices
of equity securities of many energy companies. Stock prices of many energy companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities action litigation following periods
of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources
and the attention of management from our business and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and cash
flows. 

We
have no history of paying dividends on our Common Stock, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have not previously paid dividends on our Common Stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all of our available cash, if any,
for use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness,
statutory and contractual restrictions applicable to the payment of dividends and other considerations that our Board of Directors deems
relevant. Investors must rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize
a return on their investment. 

26 

Our
Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue shares of blank check preferred stock, and issuances of
such preferred stock, or securities convertible into or exercisable for such preferred stock, may result in immediate dilution to existing
stockholders. 

If
we raise additional funds through future issuances of preferred stock or debt securities convertible into preferred stock, our stockholders
could suffer significant dilution, and any new preferred stock or debt securities that we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges
superior to those of holders of shares of Common Stock. Although we have no present plans to issue any additional shares of preferred
stock, in the event that we issue additional shares of our preferred stock, or securities convertible into or exercisable for such preferred
stock, the holders of Common Stock will be diluted. We may choose to raise additional capital using such preferred stock or debt securities
because of market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future
operating plans. 

A
market for our securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may fluctuate significantly due to general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for our securities
may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. In addition, the price of our securities can vary due to general economic
conditions and forecasts, our general business condition and the release of our financial reports. Additionally, if our securities become
delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity
securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were
quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be
established or sustained. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they
change their recommendations regarding our Common Stock adversely, the price and trading volume of our Common Stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about
us, our business, our market, or our competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research
on us. If no securities or industry analysts provide coverage of us, our stock price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted.
If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our Common Stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative
recommendations about our competitors, the price of our Common Stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease
coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our Common
Stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Our
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our Common Stock and will be able to exert significant
control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

As
of March 30, 2023, our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 5 of our equity securities, together with their affiliates,
beneficially own approximately 30 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result, these stockholders have significant influence
to determine the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the ability to control the election of our
directors, amend or prevent amendment of our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or effect or prevent a
change in corporate control, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination. In addition, any sale of a significant amount
of our Common Stock held by our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, or the possibility of such sales, could adversely
affect the market price of our Common Stock. Our management s stock ownership may also discourage a potential acquirer from making
a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our Common Stock price or prevent our stockholders
from realizing any gains from our Common Stock. 

27 

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company 

As
a public reporting company with less than 1.07 billion in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth
company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). An emerging growth company may take
advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. In particular, as
an emerging growth company, we: 

are
 not required to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on our management s
 assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

are
 not required to provide a detailed narrative disclosure discussing our compensation principles,
 objectives and elements and analyzing how those elements fit with our principles and objectives
 (commonly referred to as compensation discussion and analysis 

are
 not required to obtain a non-binding advisory vote from our stockholders on executive compensation
 or golden parachute arrangements (commonly referred to as the say-on-pay, say-on-frequency 
 and say-on-golden-parachute votes); 

are
 exempt from certain executive compensation disclosure provisions requiring a pay-for-performance
 graph and CEO pay ratio disclosure; 

may
 present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A disclosure; and 

are
 eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting
 standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

We
intend to take advantage of all of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in periods for the
adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. Our election to use the phase-in periods may
make it difficult to compare our financial statements to those of non-emerging growth companies and other emerging growth companies that
have opted out of the phase-in periods under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

Certain
of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a smaller
reporting company under the SEC s rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor
attestation and report regarding internal control over financial reporting, are not required to provide a compensation discussion and
analysis, are not required to provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay ratio disclosure, and may present only two years of audited
financial statements and related MD A disclosure. 

Under
the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of the above-described reduced reporting requirements and exemptions for up to five years after our
initial sale of common equity pursuant to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act, or such earlier time
that we no longer meet the definition of an emerging growth company. In this regard, the JOBS Act provides that we would cease to be
an emerging growth company if we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue, have more than 700 million in market
value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1 billion in principal amount of non-convertible debt over a three-year
period. Under current SEC rules, however, we will continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company for so long as we
have a public float (i.e., the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates) of less than 700 million and annual revenue of
less than 100 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

28 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments . 

None. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties . 

We
leased and occupy 6,250 square feet of office space and 6,750 square feet of warehouse space at 400 Avenue D, Suite 10, Williston,
VT 05495. Solar Communities, Inc. our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary leases and occupies 8,640 square feet of office space and
5,360 square feet of warehouse space in Waterbury, Vermont and 15,000 square feet of warehouse space, 10,000 square feet of shop
space and 5,000 square feet of office space in Rhinebeck, New York. We believe that these spaces are sufficient to meet our current
needs across all business segments. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings . 

On
January 27, 2022, the Company became aware of pending litigation in the U.S. District Court for the District of Vermont, entitled Sassoon
Peress and Renewz Sustainable Solutions, Inc. v. iSun, Inc., alleging various claims including breach of contract, defamation, and unjust
enrichment arising out of the acquisition of iSun Energy, LLC, the sole owner of which was Mr. Peress. The litigation seeks legal and
equitable remedies. The Company was granted an extension of time to plead to Plaintiffs Amended Complaint until April 29, 2022.
On April 29, 2022, the Company filed its Answer and Counterclaims. Plaintiffs filed their Answer to the Company s Counterclaims
on May 31, 2022. The Court granted the parties Stipulated Discovery Schedule on September 8, 2022, setting forth discovery and
other deadlines, and a Trial Readiness date of March 1, 2023. In accordance with the Stipulated Discovery Schedule, the parties served
their respective Initial Disclosures on September 7, 2022, Plaintiffs served their 1st Set of Discovery on September 16, 2022, and the
Company served its 1st Set of Discovery on July 18, 2022. The Company served its responses and objections to Plaintiffs 1st Set
of Discovery on August 4, 2022, and Plaintiffs responses and objections to the Company s 1st Set of Discovery are due September
6, 2022. Additionally, the case has been referred by the Court to Early Neutral Evaluation, which was conducted on September 30, 2022
before Mediator/ENE Evaluator Michael Marks, Esq. On January 17, 2023, the Company entered into a settlement agreement effectively resolving
all claims with no additional consideration paid as a result of settlement. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures . 

Not
applicable. 

29 

PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

Our
Common Stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol ISUN. The last reported sale price of our Common Stock on March 31, 2023
on Nasdaq was 1.03 per share 

Holders
of Common Stock. 

On
March 29, 2023, we had 461 registered holders of record of our Common Stock. 

Dividends
and dividend policy. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our Common Stock, nor do we currently intend to pay any cash dividend on our Common
Stock in the foreseeable future. We expect to retain our earnings, if any, for the growth and development of our business. 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved 

30 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business
Introduction / Overview 

Throughout
our 50-year history, we have always embraced innovative change. There has never been a more meaningful, or impactful time to be a leader
in the innovation that will help fight climate change. We have built a team that is passionate about transitioning American power
generation and consumption to clean solar energy, we are passionately focused on our mission to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. 

We
are one of the largest solar energy services and infrastructure deployment companies in the country and are expanding across the United
States. Our services include solar, storage and electric vehicle infrastructure, design, development and professional services, engineering,
procurement, installation, O M and storage. We uniquely target all solar markets including residential, commercial, industrial and
utility segments. 

Prior
to becoming a public company, we were a second-generation family business founded under the name Peck Electric Co. in 1972 as a traditional
electrical contractor. Our core values were and still are to align people, purpose, and profitability, and since taking leadership in
1994, Jeffrey Peck, our Chief Executive Officer, has applied such core values to expand into the solar industry. Today, we are guided
by the mission to facilitate the reduction of carbon emissions through the expansion of clean, renewable energy and we believe that leveraging
such core values to deploy resources toward profitable business is the only sustainable strategy to achieve these objectives. We have
positioned the company to serve all segments of the rapidly evolving energy markets. We are able to originate valuable solar assets through
our development and design services team. We are able to leverage our digital sales and marketing capabilities to generate high quality
leads for our Residential, Commercial and Industrial divisions. Our experience provides for the high-quality craftsmanship required for
installing long-term assets for all customers. Our team approach allows us to collaborate across divisions in order to efficiently utilize
our internal labor resources. The diversity of our service offerings allows us to serve our customer needs in the evolving energy environment. 

On
January 19, 2021, we completed a business combination (the Merger Agreement pursuant to which we acquired iSun Energy
LLC iSun Energy ). The Business Combination was an acquisition treated as a merger and reorganization and iSun Energy
became a wholly owned subsidiary of The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. Immediately prior to the business combination, we changed our
name to iSun, Inc. (the Company ). 

On
April 6, 2021, iSun Utility, LLC iSun Utility ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, Adani Solar USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adani ), and Oakwood Construction Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Oakwood entered into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment ), pursuant to which iSun Utility acquired
all rights to the intellectual property of Oakwood and its affiliates (the Project IP ). Oakwood was a utility-scale solar
EPC, Development and Design company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Adani. The Project IP included all of the intellectual property,
project references, templates, client lists, agreements, forms and processes of Adani s U.S. solar business. 

31 

On
September 8, 2021, iSun, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., a Vermont corporation (the Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential,
Inc., a Delaware corporation iSun Residential and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, SolarCommunities, Inc., d/b/a
SunCommon, a Vermont benefit corporation SunCommon ), and Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson as a Shareholder
Representative Group of the holders of SunCommon s capital stock (the SunCommon Shareholders ), pursuant to
which the Merger Sub merged with and into SunCommon (the Merger with SunCommon as the surviving company in the Merger
and SunCommon became a wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential. The Merger was effective on October 1, 2021. 

We
now conduct all of our business operations exclusively through our direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, iSun Residential, Inc.,
SolarCommunities, Inc. iSun Industrial, LLC, Peck Electric Co., Liberty Electric, Inc., iSun Utility, LLC, iSun Energy, LLC and iSun
Corporate, LLC. 

The
world recognizes the need to transition to a reliable, renewable energy grid in the next 50 years. States from Vermont to Hawaii are
leading the way in the U.S. with renewable energy goals of 75 by 2032 and 100 by 2045, respectively. California committed to 100 carbon-free
energy by 2045. The majority of the other states in the U.S. also have renewable energy goals, regardless of current Federal solar policy.
We are a member of Renewable Energy Vermont, an organization that advocates for clean, practical and renewable solar energy. The benefits
of the newly enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA provide stability and certainty of incentives for the next 10
years that create value to our shareholders and provides a long-term commitment for the energy transformation. Our triple bottom line,
which is geared towards people, environment, and profit, has always been our guide since we began installing renewable energy and we
intend that it remain our guide over the next 50 years as we construct our energy future. 

We
primarily provide services to solar energy customers for projects ranging in size from several kilowatts for residential loads to multi-megawatt
systems for commercial, industrial and utility projects. We have installed over 600 megawatts of solar systems since inception
and are focused on profitable growth opportunities. We believe that we are well-positioned for what we believe to be the coming transformation
to an all renewable energy economy. We are expanding across the United States to serve the fast-growing demand for clean renewable energy.
We are open to partnering with others to accelerate our growth process, and we are expanding our portfolio of company-owned solar arrays
to establish recurring revenue streams for many years to come. We have established a leading presence in the market after five decades
of successfully serving our customers, and we are now ready for new opportunities and the next five decades of success. 

The
diverse nature of our service offerings allows us to manage our operations based on the maximization of value for our customers in the
evolving energy market. Our core revenue stream is generated from our engineering, procurement and installation services and products
consisting of solar, electrical and data installations but has expanded to include project origination, design and development services
as well. . Approximately 85 of our revenue is derived from our solar EPC business, approximately 10 of revenue is derived from our
electrical and data business and approximately 5 of revenue is derived from our project origination, development and design services.
Recently our growth has been derived by increasing our solar customer base starting in 2013, mergers and acquisitions and expansion into
new territories. We currently operate in Vermont, Maine, New Hampshire, New York, Massachusetts, Maryland, Alabama, Georgia and North
and South Carolina. Our union crews are expert constructors, and union access to an additional workforce makes us ready for rapid expansion
to other states while maintaining control of operating costs. The skillset provided by our workforce is transferrable among our service
offerings depending on current demand. 

We
also make investments in solar development projects and currently own approximately three megawatts of operating solar arrays operating
under long-term power purchase agreements. Our joint ventures allow for a retained ownership in originated projects. These long-term
recurring revenue streams, combined with our in-house development and construction capabilities, make this asset class a strategic long-term
investment opportunity for us. 

32 

Equity
and Ownership Structure 

On
January 19, 2021, we completed a business combination (the Merger Agreement pursuant to which we acquired iSun Energy
LLC iSun Energy ). The Business Combination was an acquisition treated as a merger and reorganization and iSun Energy
became a wholly owned subsidiary of The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. Immediately prior to the Merger Agreement, we changed our name
to iSun, Inc. (formerly The Peck Company Holdings, Inc,). 

On
April 6, 2021, iSun Utility, LLC iSun Utility ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun,
Adani Solar USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adani ), and Oakwood Construction Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Oakwood entered into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment ), pursuant to which iSun Utility acquired all rights to the intellectual
property of Oakwood and its affiliates (the Project IP ). Oakwood is a utility-scale solar EPC company and was a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Adani. The Project IP includes all of the intellectual property, project references, templates, client lists, agreements,
forms and processes of Adani s U.S. solar business. 

On
September 8, 2021, iSun, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., a Vermont corporation (the Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential,
Inc., a Delaware corporation iSun Residential and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, SolarCommunities, Inc., a Vermont
benefit corporation SunCommon ), and Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson as a Shareholder Representative
Group of the holders of SunCommon s capital stock (the SunCommon Shareholders ), pursuant to which the Merger
Sub merged with and into SunCommon (the Merger with SunCommon as the surviving company in the Merger and SunCommon became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential. The Merger was effective on October 1, 2021. 

We
now conduct all of our business operations exclusively through our wholly-owned direct and indirect subsidiaries, iSun Residential, Inc.,
SolarCommunities, Inc. iSun Industrial, LLC, Peck Electric Co., Liberty Electric, Inc., iSun Utility, LLC, iSun Energy, LLC and iSun
Corporate, LLC. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include estimates used to review the Company s
impairments and estimations of long-lived assets, intangibles, goodwill, investments, impairment on investment, estimates in recording
business combinations, revenue recognition utilizing a cost to cost method, allowances for uncollectible accounts, warrant liability
and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that are believed to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. 

33 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue from contracts with customers under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 Topic 606 ).
Under Topic 606, revenue is recognized when, or as, control of promised goods and services is transferred to customers, and the amount
of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for the goods and services transferred.
We primarily recognize revenue over time utilizing the cost-to-cost measure of progress on contracts for specific projects and for certain
master service and other service agreements. 

Contracts.
 We derive revenue primarily from construction projects performed under: (i) master and other service agreements, which are typically
priced using either a time and materials or a fixed price per unit basis; and (ii) contracts for specific projects requiring the construction
and installation of an entire infrastructure system or specified units within an infrastructure system, which are subject to multiple
pricing options, including fixed price, unit price, time and materials, or cost plus a markup. 

The
total contract transaction price and cost estimation processes used for recognizing revenue over time under the cost-to-cost method is
based on the professional knowledge and experience of our project managers, engineers and financial professionals. Management reviews
estimates of total contract transaction price and total project costs on an ongoing basis. Changes in job performance, job conditions
and management s assessment of expected variable consideration are factors that influence estimates of the total contract transaction
price, total costs to complete those contracts and our profit recognition. Changes in these factors could result in revisions to revenue
in the period in which the revisions are determined, which could materially affect our consolidated results of operations for that period.
Provisions for losses on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses are determined. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, project profit was affected by less than 5 as a result of changes in contract estimates included in projects that
were in process as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Performance
Obligations. A performance obligation is a contractual promise to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer and is the
unit of account under Topic 606. The transaction price of a contract is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized
as revenue when or as the performance obligation is satisfied. Our contracts often require significant services to integrate complex
activities and equipment into a single deliverable and are therefore generally accounted for as a single performance obligation, even
when delivering multiple distinct services. Contract amendments and change orders, which are generally not distinct from the existing
contract, are typically accounted for as a modification of the existing contract and performance obligation. The vast majority of our
performance obligations are completed within one year. 

When
more than one contract is entered into with a customer on or close to the same date, management evaluates whether those contracts should
be combined and accounted for as a single contract as well as whether those contracts should be accounted for as one, or more than one,
performance obligation. This evaluation requires significant judgment and is based on the facts and circumstances of the various contracts. 

Union
Labor 

The
Company uses union labor in order to construct and maintain the solar, electric and data work that comprise the core activities of its
business. As such, contributions were made by the Company to the National Joint Apprenticeship and Training Committee, the National Electrical
Benefit Funds, Union Pension Plans and a union Health and Welfare Fund. Each employee contributes monthly to the International Brotherhood
of Electrical Workers IBEW ). The Company s contract with the IBEW expires May 31, 2023. 

The
Company s management believes that access to unionized labor provides a unique advantage for growth, because workforce resources
can be scaled efficiently utilizing labor unions in other states to meet specific project needs in other states without substantially
increasing fixed costs for the Company. 

Business
Insurance / Captive Insurance Group 

In
2018, Peck Electric joined a captive insurance group. The Company s management believes that belonging to a captive insurance group
will stabilize business insurance expenses and will lock in lower rates that are not subject to change from year-to-year and instead
are based on the Company s favorable experience modification rate. 

Revenue
Drivers 

The
Company s business includes the design and construction of solar arrays for its customers. Revenue is recognized for each construction
project on a percentage of completion basis. From time to time, the Company constructs solar arrays for its own account or purchases
a solar array that must still be constructed. In these instances, no revenue is recognized for the construction of the solar array. In
instances where the Company owns the solar array, revenue is recognized for the sale of the electricity generated to third parties. As
a result, depending on whether it is building for others or for its own account, the Company s revenue is subject to significant
variation. 

34 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

REVENUE
AND COST OF EARNED REVENUE 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue increased 68.7 to a record of high of 76.5 million compared to 45.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of earned revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 55.4 higher at 60.5 million
compared to 38.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our revenue increased as a result of the deployment of our robust
suite of services over a full year. In addition to our historical commercial and industrial customer base, we added the capabilities
to serve residential, small commercial and utility customers as well as support the demand for electric vehicle infrastructure
across all our customer demographics. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our residential division represented 52 of our revenue
mix compared to 28 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our commercial and industrial
division represented 43 of our revenue mix compared to 69 for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31,
2022, our utility, design and development division represented 5 of our revenue mix compared to 3 for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Gross
profit was 16.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This compares to 6.4 million of gross profit for the year ended December
31, 2021. The gross margin was 20.89 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 14.10 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Approximately
85 of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were from solar installations. The residential revenue, on an annualized
basis, grew at a higher rate than the commercial and industrial revenue. The margin enhancement was driven by the increase in the residential
installation revenue mix which operates at a higher margin than our commercial and industrial division. Since the residential backlog
is completed on a more frequent basis than the other divisions, it is anticipated that the higher margin will be maintained on a go-forward
basis. 

For
2023, we anticipate an increase in revenue over 2022 due to several factors. The demand for solar and electric vehicle infrastructure
continues to increase across all customer groups. Our residential division has customer orders of approximately 20.5 million expected
to be completed within four to six months, our commercial division has a contracted backlog of approximately 11.2 million expected to
be completed within six to eight months, our industrial division has a contracted backlog of approximately 132.5 million expected to
be completed within twelve to eighteen months and our utility division has 1.6 GW of projects currently under development that will transition
to the respective divisions backlog when approaching notice to proceed. Historically, we have engaged with existing customers throughout
the Northeast. The capabilities of our development and professional services team have allowed us to engage in project development in
new geographic regions which will further our expansion opportunities. 

SELLING
AND MARKETING EXPENSES 

We
rely on referrals from customers and on our industry reputation, and therefore have not historically incurred significant selling and
marketing expenses. Total selling and marketing expenses, included in general and administrative expenses, increased to 1.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Selling and marketing expenses were
incurred by SunCommon. SunCommon is a wholly-owned subsidiary and our residential division brand and will incur marketing expenses as
a means to generate sales demand. 

GENERAL
AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

Total
general and administrative G A expenses were 22.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As a percentage of revenue, G A expenses were consistent year over year at 29.3 in
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 29.2 in the year ended December 31, 2021. In total dollars, G A increased as we developed
our internal platform to support the growth of our new customer revenue channels. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our G A increased
significantly as this was the first full year of operations of our newly acquired entities. As we continue to generate efficiencies
through shared services and a consolidation of overhead, we anticipate our G A expenses to remain consistent through our next revenue
scale but decrease as a percentage of revenue. 

WAREHOUSE
AND OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES 

Warehousing
and other operating expenses increased to 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The main contributions to the increase were a full year of operations of the entities acquired in 2021. 

35 

IMPAIRMENT 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced
a significant decline in our market capitalization, which continued into the first quarter of 2023, and management deemed such decline
a triggering event related to goodwill. As a result, we performed an impairment assessment as of December 31, 2022 and determined that
impacts of supply chain shortage, the anti-circumvention investigation and labor shortages have depressed market capitalizations across
our peer group in the solar industry. 

We utilized a weighted combination of the
income-based approach and market-based approach to determine the fair value. Key assumptions used in the income-based approach
included forecasts of revenue, operating income, cash flows, terminal growth rates and discount rates associated for the risks
associated with the operations at the time of the assessment. Key assumptions used in the market-based approach included the
selection of recent acquisitions by appropriate peer companies and associated valuation multiples. Our assessment, which was largely
based on our current backlog of 164.2 million of revenue, yielded a range of valuations that were approximately 15 to 20 above
carrying value. Due to the depressed market capitalizations across our peer groups, we believe that the current market
capitalization is not an appropriate indicator of our valuation. Our income-based valuation, as well as that of independent
analysts, provided results in excess of our carrying value. As we continue our growth towards cash flow positive operations, we
believe that our market capitalization will appreciate to reflect our appropriate valuation. Although we believe, but we cannot say
with a high degree of certainty that the decline in our market capitalization is temporary, in reconciling our current market
capitalization to our carrying value, an impairment in the amount of 37.15 million was recorded consistent with U.S. GAAP. 

OTHER
INCOME (EXPENSES) 

Interest
expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was 1.4 million compared to 0.5 million for the same period of the prior year
as a result of the B. Riley Capital credit facility utilized to support the acquisition of SunCommon. We recognized a gain on the forgiveness
of PPP loan of 2.6 million and 2.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We
recognized gains from the change in fair value of the warrant liability of 0.1 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

INCOME
(BENEFIT) TAX EXPENSE 

The
U.S. GAAP effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 was 4.36 and December 31, 2021 was 23.48 . The proforma effective
tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 was 21.0 and December 31, 2021 was 21.0 . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in
the effective tax rate ETR is driven by the non-taxable income generated from the forgiveness of a loan under the CARES
Act Payroll Protection Program PPP of 2.6 million and 2.0 million, respectively. 

NET
LOSS 

The
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 53.8 million compared to a net loss of 6.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Certain
Non-GAAP Measures 

We
periodically review the following key non-GAAP measures to evaluate our business and trends, measure our performance, prepare financial
projections, and make strategic decisions. 

EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA 

Included
in this presentation are discussions and reconciliations of earnings before interest, income tax and depreciation and amortization EBITDA and EBITDA adjusted for certain non-cash, non-recurring or non-core expenses Adjusted EBITDA to net loss in accordance
with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain non-cash and other expenses, certain legal services costs, professional and consulting fees
and expenses. We believe that these non-GAAP measures illustrate the underlying financial and business trends relating to our results
of operations and comparability between current and prior periods. We also use these non-GAAP measures to establish and monitor operational
goals. 

These
non-GAAP measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute
or superior to, the other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Using only the non-GAAP financial measures,
particularly Adjusted EBITDA, to analyze our performance would have material limitations because such calculations are based on a subjective
determination regarding the nature and classification of events and circumstances that investors may find significant. We compensate
for these limitations by presenting both the GAAP and non-GAAP measures of our operating results. Although other companies may report
measures entitled Adjusted EBITDA or similar in nature, numerous methods may exist for calculating a company s Adjusted
EBITDA or similar measures. As a result, the methods that we use to calculate Adjusted EBITDA may differ from the methods used by other
companies to calculate their non-GAAP measures. 

36 

The
reconciliations of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in
accordance with GAAP, are shown in the table below: 

Year
 ended 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (53,779 
 (6,241 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 7,071 
 982 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 37,150 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 1,351 
 518 
 
 Stock
 compensation 
 2,981 
 2,315 
 
 Change
 in fair value of warrant liability 
 (138 
 (976 
 
 Income
 tax (benefit) 
 (752 
 (1,915 
 
 EBITDA 
 (6,116 
 (5,317 
 
 Other
 costs (1) 
 514 
 1,418 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA (2) 
 (5,602 
 (3,899 
 
 Weighted
 Average shares outstanding 
 14,089,499 
 9,264,919 
 
 Adjusted
 EPS 
 (0.40 
 (0.42 

(1) For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, other costs consist of one-time expenses incurred related
 to a debt transaction that was not consummated. For the year ended December 31, 2021, other
 costs consist of one-time expenses related to the acquisitions of iSun Energy LLC, Oakwood
 Construction Services, LLC and SolarCommunities, Inc. The Company also held two Special Meetings
 of Stockholders in order to amend its Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

(2) As
 the forgiveness of the PPP loan is considered a one-time expense, the Company considered
 including the forgiveness of 2.6 million and 2.0 million for the years ended December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a reconciling item. The Company excluded the forgiveness
 on the basis that had it not been awarded a PPP loan, the Company would have terminated,
 furlough or reduced its workforce during the COVID-19 pandemic shutdown. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

We
had 5.5 million in unrestricted cash at December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.2 million at December 31, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our working capital deficit was 4.5 million compared to a working capital deficit of 10.3 million at
December 31, 2021. To date, the Company has relied predominantly on operating cash flow to fund its operations, borrowings from its
credit facilities, sales of Common Stock and exercise of public warrants. The availability of financing and the cash flow from
operations mitigates the potential for substantial doubt. The Company restructured its indebtedness in November 2022. The new debt
facility allows for repayment of the obligation to pay principal and interest in shares of Common Stock which to the extent the
Company elects to pay in shares of Common Stock preserves cash. If the Company elects to repay the convertible note in shares of
Common Stock, the Company s working capital would increase by 4.8 million to 0.3 million at December 31, 2022. 

We
believe that the aggregate of our existing cash and cash equivalents, debt facility and sales of Common Stock pursuant to our shelf registration
will be sufficient to meet our operating cash requirements for at least 12 months from the date these financial statements are made available.
The demand for solar and electric vehicle infrastructure continues to increase across all customer groups. Our residential division has
customer orders of approximately 20,500 expected to be completed within four to six months, our commercial division has a contracted
backlog of approximately 11,200 expected to be completed within six to eight months, our industrial division has a contracted backlog
of approximately 132,500 expected to be completed within twelve to eighteen months and our utility division has 1.6 GW of projects currently
under development that will transition to the respective divisions backlog when approaching notice to proceed. The customer demand across
our segments will provide short-term operational cash flow. 

Sales
of Common Stock pursuant to the Form S-3 Registration Statement filed on December 4, 2020, provided funds to support our operations
and growth strategy. The access to capital accelerates our growth process and allows us to continue our expansion plans into new
territories, aggressively pursue accretive merger and acquisition transactions and continue investing in our company-owned solar
assets which now consist of the product offerings of iSun Energy LLC. As of March 16, 2023, there is currently approximately 16.0
million potentially available for sales pursuant to the Registration Statement as we received aggregate proceeds of approximately
 10.5 million through a Registered Direct Offering and approximately 23.5 million through the sale of Common Stock in ATM
offerings. 

37 

Cash
flow used by operating activities was 6.3 million and 5.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
increase in cash used by operating activities was primarily the result of the decrease in accrued liabilities of 1.7 million which was
due to payout of employee retention bonuses related to the SunCommon acquisition and payments of the earnout provision. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 36.7 million used in the
year ended December 31, 2021. The change was attributable to the sale of solar assets in 2022 and the acquisition of SunCommon for
 25.2 million and minority investments of 8.0 million, both taking place in 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 8.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 43.4 million of cash provided
by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash flow provided by financing activities was primarily driven by proceeds
from the sale of common stock of 14.4 million. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Interest
Rate Risk 

As
of December 31, 2022, our fixed interest rate debt of 13.6 million aggregate principal amount of which accrued interest at a weighted
average interest rate of approximately 5.0 . None of this debt subjects us to interest rate risk, but we may be subject to changes in
interest rates if and when we refinance this debt at maturity or otherwise. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial
condition, revenues, results of operations, liquidity, or capital expenditures. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 39 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 40 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 41 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 43 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 

38 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 iSun,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of iSun, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Change
in Accounting Principle 

As
discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases on January 1, 2022
due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification, Leases (ASC 842). 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April 17, 2023 

39 

iSun,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
thousands, except number of shares) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment: 

Building and improvements 

Vehicles 

Tools and equipment 

Software 

Construction in process 
 - 

Solar arrays 

Property
 plant and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property
 plant and equipment, net 

Other Assets: 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Captive insurance investment 

Goodwill 
 - 

Intangible assets 

Investments 

Other assets 

Total
 noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Contract liabilities 

Line of credit 
 - 

Current portion of deferred compensation 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Deferred compensation, net of current portion 
 - 

Deferred tax liability 
 - 

Warrant liability 

Operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Other liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock par value shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

40 

iSun,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
thousands, except number of shares) 

2022 
 2021 

Earned revenue 

Cost of earned revenue 

Gross profit 

Warehouse and other operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Stock based compensation - general and administrative 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other expenses 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Other expense 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Benefit for income taxes 

Net loss 

Preferred stock dividend 
 - 

Net loss available to shares of common stockholders 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

41 

iSun,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
thousands, except number of shares) 

Shares 
 Amounts 
 Shares 
 Amounts 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Retained Earnings/ 
 (Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amounts 
 Shares 
 Amounts 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 
 
 - 

Registered Direct Offering 

- 
 
 - 

Acquisition of iSun Energy, LLC 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of Unit Purchase Option 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption of Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of Preferred Shares 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends Payable on Preferred Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Solar Project Partners, LLC warrant 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock compensation under equity incentive plan 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of public warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Acquisition of Solar Communities, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Acquisition of Liberty Electric, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Common Stock pursuant to S-3 registration statement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Beginning balance 
 - 
 - 

Issuance under equity incentive plan 
 - 
 - 

- 

Redemption of Put Agreements 

Sale of Common Stock pursuant to S-3 registration statement 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

42 

iSun,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
thousands, except number of shares) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Bad debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization expense 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

(Gain) on sale of fixed assets 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Stock based compensation 

Deferred finance charge amortization 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Deferred compensation 

Operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of equipment 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of SolarCommunities, Inc. 
 - 

Acquisition of Liberty Electric, Inc. 
 - 

Acquisition of Oakwood Construction Services, LLC 
 - 

Acquisition of iSun Energy, LLC 
 - 

Dividend receivable 

Minority investments 
 - 

Investment in captive insurance 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Payments to line of credit 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payments of deferred finance charges 
 
 - 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 - 

Payments of long-term debt 

Redemption of shares of Common Stock 
 - 

Due to stockholders 
 - 

Proceeds from warrant exercise 
 - 

Proceeds from sales of common stock, gross proceeds of less issuance costs of 

Redemption of Put agreements 
 
 - 
 
 Registered direct offering 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Accrued employee incentive compensation settled in stock 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred dividends satisfied with distribution from investment 
 - 

Operating right-of-use lease asset and operating lease liability upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) 
 
 - 
 
 Vehicles purchased and financed 
 
 - 
 
 Shares of Common Stock issued for acquisition of iSun Energy LLC 
 - 

Shares of Common Stock issued for acquisition of SolarCommunities, Inc. 
 - 

Shares of Common Stock issued for acquisition of Liberty Electric, Inc. 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

43 

iSUN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2021 AND 2020 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

billion in annual revenue; the date it qualifies as a large accelerated filer, with at least
 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; the issuance, in any three-year period, by it of more than billion in
non-convertible debt or December 31, 2021. 

Energy
Generation 

Revenue
from net metering credits is recorded as electricity is generated from the solar arrays and billed to customers (PPA off-taker) at the
price rate stated in the applicable power purchase agreement (PPA). 

Operation
and Maintenance and Other Miscellaneous Services 

Revenue
for time and materials contracts is recognized as the service is provided. 

2)
Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

Electric 

Data and Network 

Totals 

Commercial and Industrial 

Utility 

Totals 

3)
Variable Consideration 

The
nature of the Company s contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims and unpriced change orders;
award and incentive fees; and liquidated damages and penalties. The Company recognizes revenue for variable consideration when it is
probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. The Company estimates the amount
of revenue to be recognized on variable consideration using the expected value (i.e., the sum of a probability-weighted amount) or the
most likely amount method, whichever is expected to better predict the amount. Factors considered in determining whether revenue associated
with claims (including change orders in dispute and unapproved change orders in regard to both scope and price) should be recognized
include the following: (a) the contract or other evidence provides a legal basis for the claim, (b) additional costs were caused by circumstances
that were unforeseen at the contract date and not the result of deficiencies in the Company s performance, (c) claim-related costs
are identifiable and considered reasonable in view of the work performed, and (d) evidence supporting the claim is objective and verifiable.
If the requirements for recognizing revenue for claims or unapproved change orders are met, revenue is recorded only when the costs associated
with the claims or unapproved change orders have been incurred. Back charges to suppliers or subcontractors are recognized as a reduction
of cost when it is determined that recovery of such cost is probable and the amounts can be reliably estimated. Disputed back charges
are recognized when the same requirements described above for claims accounting have been satisfied. 

4)
Remaining Performance Obligation 

Remaining
performance obligations, or backlog, represents the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining obligations
that the Company has not performed under its customer contracts. The Company has elected to use the optional exemption in ASC 606-10-50-14,
which exempts an entity from such disclosures if a performance obligation is part of a contract with an original expected duration of
one year or less. 

5)
Warranties 

The
Company generally provides limited workmanship warranties up to for work performed under its construction contracts. The warranty
periods typically extend for a limited duration following substantial completion of the Company s work on a project. Historically,
warranty claims have not resulted in material costs incurred, and any estimated costs for warranties are included in the individual contract
cost estimates for purposes of accounting for long-term contracts. 

at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, is estimated based on historical losses, the existing economic condition,
and the financial stability of the Company s customers. Accounts are written off against the reserve when they are determined to
be uncollectible. 

Contract Liabilities 

Project
Assets 

Project
assets primarily consist of costs related to solar power projects that are in various stages of development that are capitalized prior
to the completion of the sale of the project, and are actively marketed and intended to be sold. In contrast to contract assets, the
Company holds a controlling interest in the project itself. These project related costs include costs for land, development, and construction
of a PV solar power system. Development costs may include legal, consulting, permitting, transmission upgrade, interconnection, and other
similar costs. The Company typically classifies project assets as noncurrent due to the nature of solar power projects (long-lived assets)
and the time required to complete all activities to develop, construct, and sell projects, which is typically longer than 12 months.
Once the Company enters into a definitive sales agreement, such project assets are classified as current until the sale is completed
and the Company has met all of the criteria to recognize the sale as revenue. Any income generated by a project while it remains within
project assets is accounted for as a reduction to the basis in the project. If a project is completed and begins commercial operation
prior to the closing of a sales arrangement, the completed project will remain in project assets until placed in service. All expenditures
related to the development and construction of project assets, whether fully or partially owned, are presented as a component of cash
flows from operating activities. Project assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. A project is considered commercially viable or recoverable if it is anticipated to be sold
for a profit once it is either fully developed or fully constructed. A partially developed or partially constructed project is considered
to be commercially viable or recoverable if the anticipated selling price is higher than the carrying value of the related project assets.
The Company examines a number of factors to determine if the project is expected to be recoverable, including whether there are any changes
in environmental, permitting, market pricing, regulatory, or other conditions that may impact the project. Such changes could cause the
costs of the project to increase or the selling price of the project to decrease. If a project is not considered recoverable, we impair
the respective project assets and adjust the carrying value to the estimated fair value, with the resulting impairment recorded within
 Selling, general and administrative expense. 

Project
Asset were for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

are recorded at cost. Cost includes the price paid to acquire or construct the assets, required installation
costs, and any expenditures that substantially add to the value or substantially extend the useful life of the assets. 

The
solar arrays represent project assets that the Company may temporarily own and operate after being placed into service. The Company reports
solar arrays at cost, less accumulated depreciation. The Company begins depreciation on the solar arrays when they are placed in service. 

Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 

years 
 
 Vehicles 
 - 
 years 
 
 Tools
 and equipment 
 - 
 years 
 
 Solar
 arrays 
 
 years 
 
 Software 
 - 
 years 

Total
depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

The
cost of assets sold, retired, or otherwise disposed of, and the related allowance for depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and
any resulting gain or loss is included in operations. The cost of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, while significant
renewals or betterments are capitalized. 

, a nonrecurring fair value measurement. 

per financial institution. The differences between book and bank balances
are outstanding checks and deposits in transit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uninsured balances were approximately and ,
respectively. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers. The new guidance requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination
to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers, as if it had originated the contracts. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2022, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

On
May 03, 2021, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications
and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified
Written Call Options . The FASB issued ASU 2021-04 to clarify and reduce diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications
or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants) that remain equity classified after modification
or exchange. The ASU was effective years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those years and the Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20)
and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for
Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments
by removing major separation models required under current U.S. GAAP. The ASU removes certain settlement conditions that are
required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share
calculation in certain areas. The ASU is effective for public companies, excluding entities eligible to be smaller reporting
companies, for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
was permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and adoption had to be as of the beginning of the
Company s annual fiscal year. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In
September 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-09, Debt (Topic 470). This ASU amends SEC paragraphs pursuant to SEC release No.
33-10762. We are currently assessing the provisions of this guidance to determine whether or not its adoption will have an impact on
our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2021 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard does not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases
will be classified as either operating or financing, with such classifications affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income
statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. This standard
is effective for the Company s annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2021. 

In
June 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit losses (Topic 326) . This new guidance will change how
entities account for credit impairment for trade and other receivables, as well as for certain financial assets and other instruments.
The update will replace the current incurred loss model with an expected loss model. Under the incurred loss model, a loss (or allowance)
is recognized only when an event has occurred (such as a payment delinquency) that causes the entity to believe that a loss is probable
(that is has been incurred ). Under the expected loss model, a loss (or allowance) is recognized upon initial recognitions
of the asset that reflects all future events that leads to a loss being realized, regardless of whether it is probable that the future
event will occur. The incurred loss model considers past events and conditions, while the expected loss model includes expectations for
the future which have yet to occur. ASU 2018-19 was issued in November 2018 and excludes operating leases from the new guidance. The
standard will require entities to record a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the first reporting
period in which the guidance is effective. As an emerging growth company, the standard was effective for the Company s 2021 annual
reporting period and interim periods beginning first quarter of 2022. The adoption of this standard does not have a material impact on
the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

and of deferred
financing costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense associated with deferred financing
costs, which is included in interest expense, totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

has been recognized in the income
statement as a gain upon debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2022. On December 6, 2021, SunCommon received notification
from Citizens Bank N.A. that the Small Business Administration has approved the forgiveness of the PPP loan in its entirety and as such,
the full has been recognized in the income statement as a gain upon debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

inventory allowance exists at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. 

reportable segment with different product offerings for financial reporting purposes, which represents the
Company s core business. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock over
five years valued at , shares of which were issued at the closing, warrants to purchase up shares of the Company s
Common Stock, valued at , cash considerations of and up to shares of the Company s Common Stock based on certain
performance milestones for an aggregate value of . 

The
 shares of Company s Common Stock were valued utilizing the market close price of on the date, December 30, 2020,
which the binding letter of intent was executed. For the warrants, the Company determined the fair market value of these options by using
the Black Scholes option valuation model. The key assumptions used in the valuation of the warrants were as follows; a) volatility of
 , b) term of years, c) risk free rate of and d) a dividend yield of . 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of and , net of amortization of and , respectively, is included as an Intangible
Asset. The Company deemed the acquisition an asset acquisition in as much as the acquired assets consisted primarily of the iSun brand
and know-how and contained no other business processes. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets. The estimated useful life is years. For the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense is 
and , respectively. 

Assignment
Agreement 

On
April 6, 2021, iSun Utility, LLC iSun Utility ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Company,
Adani Solar USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Adani ), and Oakwood Construction Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Oakwood entered into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment ), pursuant to which iSun Utility will acquire all rights to the intellectual
property of Oakwood and its affiliates (the Project IP ). Oakwood was a utility-scale solar EPC company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Adani. The Project IP includes all of the intellectual property, project references, templates, client lists, agreements,
forms and processes of Adani s U.S. solar business. 

Under
the Assignment, iSun Utility purchased the Project IP from Adani and Oakwood for total consideration of million, with million
due immediately and the remaining million contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones, as described in this paragraph.
Under the Assignment provides that iSun Utility acquired all membership interests in Hartsel Solar, LLC Hartsel ), and
through this transaction iSun Utility acquired all rights to Hartsel s in-process solar project (the Hartsel Project ).
If Hartsel achieves certain milestones, iSun Utility will pay to Adani million to secure equipment previously purchased allowing
for safe harbor of the ITC and an additional amount of million for key development milestones. The contingent provisions of
the Assignment Agreement entered into with Oakwood and Adani are considered Level 3 measurements. Given that the probability of such
provisions being achieved is highly unlikely and still remote at December 31, 2022, no value was assigned to the contingent provision. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of and , net of amortization of and , respectively, is included as an Intangible
Asset. The Company deemed the acquisition an asset acquisition in as much as the acquired assets consisted primarily of the know-how
and contained no other business processes. Amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets. The estimated useful life is years. For the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense is and ,
respectively. 

Business
Combination 

On
September 8, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among the Company,
iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., a Vermont corporation (the Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential,
Inc., a Delaware corporation iSun Residential and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, SolarCommunities, Inc., a Vermont
benefit corporation SunCommon ), and Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson as a Shareholder Representative
Group of the holders of SunCommon s capital stock (the SunCommon Shareholders ), pursuant to which the Merger
Sub merged with and into SunCommon (the Merger with SunCommon as the surviving company in the Merger and SunCommon became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun Residential. In connection with Merger, the SunCommon Shareholders received merger consideration totaling
 consisting of (i) cash in the amount of ; (ii) Common Stock of the Company Common Stock in the amount
of , priced at per share; and (iii) earn out consideration of up to upon the fulfillment of certain conditions.
The net present value of the earnout provision was determined to be and the Company has included the and as current
in accrued expenses and long-term liabilities in other liabilities, respectively. The shares of the Common Stock issued in connection
with the Merger were listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The Merger closed and was effective on October 1, 2021. 

The
Company will begin reporting in segments in the future as we do not currently allocate labor amongst the operating divisions. 

The
purchase price for SolarCommunities, Inc. consisted of approximately in cash, equity and earnout provision subject to post-closing
adjustments related to working capital, cash, indebtedness and transaction expenses. The Acquisition was accounted for under ASC 805
and the financial results of SunCommon have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements since the date of
the Acquisition. 

Purchase
Price Allocation 

Under
the purchase method of accounting, the transaction was valued for accounting purposes at approximately which was the fair
value of SolarCommunities, Inc. at the time of acquisition. The assets and liabilities of SolarCommunities, Inc. were recorded at their
respective fair values as of the date of acquisition. Any difference between the purchase price of SolarCommunities, Inc. and the fair value of
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. There were no material changes between the preliminary and final
estimated fair values. The acquisition date preliminary estimated fair value of the consideration transferred consisted of the following: 

 shares), at per share 

Cash paid 

Earnout provision 

Total consideration transferred 

Fair value of identifiable assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Premises and equipment 

Trademark and brand 

Backlog 

Other current assets 

Total identifiable assets 

Fair value of identifiable liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Loans payable 

Other liabilities 

Total identifiable liabilities 

Net assets acquired including identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded non-recurring total transaction costs related to the Acquisition of . These expenses
were accounted for separately from the net assets acquired and are included in general and administrative expense. 

Business
Combination 

On
November 18, 2021, John Stark Electric, Inc., a New Hampshire corporation JSI and wholly-owned subsidiary of iSun,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Liberty Electric, Inc., a New Hampshire Corporation Liberty and John P. Comeau Comeau after obtaining required consents released signature pages and
closed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which JSI acquired all of the assets of
Liberty (the Acquisition for a purchase price of ,
subject to a post-closing working capital adjustment. The purchase price was paid as follows: (i) cash in the amount of ;
(ii) Common Stock of the Company in the amount of ,
priced at 
per share, which was the 10-day volume weighted average Nasdaq closing price immediately prior to the Closing Date; and (iii) earn
out consideration of up to upon the fulfillment of certain conditions. 

The
purchase price for Liberty Electric, Inc. consisted of in cash, equity and cash consideration for existing working capital subject
to post-closing adjustments related to working capital, cash, indebtedness and transaction expenses. The Acquisition was accounted for
under ASC 805 and the financial results of Liberty have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements since
the date of the Acquisition. 

Purchase
Price Allocation 

Under
the purchase method of accounting, the transaction was valued for accounting purposes at 
which was the fair value of Liberty Electric, Inc. at the time of acquisition. The assets and liabilities of Liberty Electric, Inc.
were recorded at their respective fair values as of the date of acquisition. Any difference between the purchase price of Liberty
Electric, Inc. and the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. The acquisition date
estimated fair value of the consideration transferred consisted of the following: 

 shares), at per share 

Cash
 paid 

Earnout
 provision 

- 

Total
 consideration transferred 

Fair
 value of identifiable assets acquired: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory

Contract
 assets 

Premises
 and equipment 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 identifiable assets 

Fair
 value of identifiable liabilities assumed: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract
 liabilities 

Total
 identifiable liabilities 

Net
 assets acquired including identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

(1) 
 The
 earnout provision has not been met and has not been included in the allocation of the purchase price. 

Pro
Forma Information (Unaudited) 

The
results of operations for the acquisitions of SolarCommunities, Inc. and Liberty Electric Inc. since the October 1, 2021 and November
1, 2021 closing dates, respectively, have been included in our December 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements and include approximately
 and of total revenue. The following unaudited pro forma financial information represents a summary of the consolidated results
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, assuming the acquisition had been completed as of January 1, 2020. The
pro forma financial information includes certain non-recurring pro forma adjustments that were directly attributable to the business
combination. The proforma adjustments include the elimination of acquisition transaction expenses totaling incurred in 2021. The
pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition
had been effective as of these dates, or of future results. 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

,
working capital deficit of ,
 and total stockholders equity of .
To date, the Company has relied predominantly on operating cash flow to fund its operations, borrowings from its credit facilities, sales
of Common Stock and exercise of public warrants. Cash
used in operations gives rise to substantial doubt however the availability of financing and the cash flow from operations mitigates
the potential for substantial doubt. In November 2022, the Company borrowed funds pursuant to a secured fixed rate debt facility and
paid and terminated its previously existing line of credit. The new debt facility allows for repayment of the obligation in shares of
Common Stock which, if the Company choses to do, will conserve cash. 

The
Company does not expect to continue to incur losses from operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, margin
was impacted significantly due to material and commodity price increases and inefficiencies resulting from labor shortages. The Company
modified contract terms to allow for an adjustment in contract terms to account for any fluctuations in material pricing. 

The
demand for solar and electric vehicle infrastructure continues to increase across all customer groups. Our residential division has customer
orders of approximately expected to be completed within four to , our commercial division has a contracted backlog
of approximately expected to be completed within six to , our industrial division has a contracted backlog of approximately
 expected to be completed within twelve to and our utility division has GW of projects currently under development
that will transition to the respective divisions backlog when approaching notice to proceed.. The customer demand across our segments
will provide short-term operational cash flow. 

As
of March 16, 2023, the Company had approximately in
gross proceeds potentially available from sales of Common Stock pursuant to the S-3 Registration Statement which could be utilized to
support any short-term deficiencies in operating cash flow. 

The
Company believes its operating cash flow, current cash on hand, and additional sales of Common Stock, the collectability of its
accounts receivable and proceeds generated from its project backlog are sufficient to meet its operating and capital requirements
for at least the next twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued. 

Accounts receivable - retainage 

Accounts receivable 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total 

Bad
debt expense was and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 - 
 
 Unbilled receivables, included in costs in excess of billings 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings 

Retainage, included in Accounts Receivable 

Total 

Contract
liabilities represent amounts billed to clients in excess of revenue recognized to date, billings in excess of costs, and retainage.
The Company anticipates that substantially all incurred costs associated with contract assets as of December 31, 2022 will be billed and
collected within one year. Contract liabilities were as follows at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Contract Liabilities 

Retainage 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Estimated earnings thereon 

Contract costs 

Less billings to date 

Contract costs, net of billings 
 
 Plus under billings remaining on contracts 100 complete 

Total 

Included
in accompany balance sheets under the following captions: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Contract assets 

Contract liabilities 

Total 

and respectively. The adoption of this ASU did not have a significant
impact on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations or Cash Flows. 

The
Company has operating leases for offices, warehouse, vehicles, office equipment and land leases for its solar assets. The Company s
leases have remaining lease terms of year to years, some of which include options to extend. 

The
Company s lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was entirely comprised of operating leases and amounted to . Operating
lease payments, which reduced operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to . The difference between the
ROU asset amortization of and the associated lease expense of consists of interest, new vehicles, new facilities and lease
extensions, office and office equipment leases originated during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Operating lease liabilities short term 

Operating lease liabilities long term 

Total operating lease liabilities 

As
of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases was years and the weighted average discount
rate for the Company s operating leases was . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Total 

interest rate, secured by all business assets, payable in monthly installments of through September 2026, with a balloon payment at maturity. 

NBT Bank, National Association, interest rate, secured by building, payable in of through September 2026, with a balloon payment at maturity. 
 - 

NBT Bank, National Association, interest rate, secured by all business assets, payable in of through April 2026. 

NBT Bank, National Association, interest rate, secured by all business assets, payable in of through October 2026, with a balloon payment at maturity. 

NBT Bank, National Association, interest rate, secured by a piece of equipment, payable in of including interest, through May 2023. 

Various vehicle loans, interest ranging from to , total current of approximately secured by vehicles, with varying terms through 2027. 

National Bank of Middlebury, interest rate for the initial 5 years, after which the loan rate will adjust equal to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston / year Advance Rate plus , loan is subject to a floor rate of , secured by solar panels and related equipment, payable in monthly installments of including interest, through December 2024. 

B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC, interest rate, payable in full on October 15, 2022 
 - 

Unsecured note payable in connection with the PPP, established by the federal government Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), which bears interest at through April 2026. The Company has not yet applied for forgiveness. 
 - 

Senior secured convertible notes payable, interest rate, of 1/26 th of the original purchase amount plus accrued but unpaid interest beginning March 1, 2023 until maturity date of May 4, 2025. 
 
 - 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CSA 5: Payable in of , including interest at , due August 2026. 
 - 

CSA 17: Payable in of , including interest at . The interest rate will become variable at the VEDA Prime Rate from April 2025 through maturity in April 2027. 
 - 

CSA 36: Payable in of , including interest at . The interest rate will become variable at the VEDA Prime Rate from June 2025 through maturity in June 2027. 

CSA 5: Payable in only installments of through August 2019; then payments of , representing half of only payments, through August 2026 with other half of interest only payments capitalized into principal; then payments of principal and interest, with a balloon payment of due August 2034; interest at throughout the loan term. 
 - 

CSA 17: Payable in only installments of through April 2020; then payments of , representing half of interest only payments, through April 2027 with other half of interest only payments capitalized into principal; then payments of principal and interest, with a balloon payment of due April 2035; interest at throughout the loan term. 
 - 

CSA 36: Payable in interest only installments of through June 2020; then payments of , representing half of interest only payments, through June 2027 with other half of interest only payments capitalized into principal; then payments of principal and interest, with a balloon payment of due June 2035; interest at throughout the loan term. 

Equipment loans 

Easement liabilities 
 - 

Long-term debt 

Less current portion 

Long-term debt, including debt issuance costs 

Less debt issuance costs 

Long-term debt 

Maturities
of long-term debt are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Senior
Secured Convertible Notes Payable 

On
November 4, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with two affiliated investors. At
the Closing, the Company issued and sold to each Purchaser a Senior Secured Convertible Note, the aggregate original principal
amount of the two Notes was .
The Purchase Agreement provided for a six percent original interest discount resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of .
Upon (i) the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities (as defined in the SPA), (ii) the
Stockholder Approval (as defined in the SPA), (iii) the Company s achievement of certain revenue and EBITDA targets, (iv) the
Company having sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock (v) the Company s maintenance of certain balance sheet
requirements and (vi) certain other conditions, the Company and the Purchasers will consummate a second closing in which the Company
will issue and sell to each Purchaser a second Note, the two notes being in the aggregate principal amount of 
having identical terms and conditions as the original Note, including a six percent original interest discount, for an aggregate principal amount of 
in Notes that may be issued and sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement . The Conversion Price of is subject to customary adjustments for stock
dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like, and subject to price-based adjustment in the event of any issuances of Common
Stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock at a price below the then-applicable Conversion Price
(subject to certain exceptions). Beginning on March 1, 2023 and on the first day of each month thereafter, the Company will be required
to redeem 1/26 th of
the original principal amount of each Note, plus accrued but unpaid interest, until the maturity date of May 4, 2025. 

Payroll
Protection Loan 

In
June, 2020, SolarCommunities, Inc. entered into a Promissory Note with Citizens Bank, N.A. as the lender Lender ),
pursuant to which the Lender agreed to make a loan to the Company under the Payroll Protection Program PPP Loan offered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA in a principal amount of 
pursuant to Title 1 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES ). On January 21, 2022,
SolarCommunities, Inc. received notification from Citizens Bank, N.A. that the Small Business Administration had approved the
forgiveness of the PPP loan in its entirety and accordingly 
was recognized in the consolidated income statement as a gain upon debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

In
February 2021, SolarCommunities, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Promissory Note with
Citizens Bank, N.A. as the lender Lender ), pursuant to which the Lender agreed to make a loan to the Company under
the Payroll Protection Program PPP Loan offered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA in a
principal amount of 
pursuant to Title 1 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES ). On December 6, 2021,
SolarCommunities, Inc. received notification from the Lender that the Small Business Administration has approved the forgiveness of
the PPP loan in its entirety and accordingly 
has been recognized in the consolidated income statement as a gain upon debt extinguishment for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

and a variable interest rate based on the Wall
Street Journal Prime rate. The balance outstanding was 
 and 
 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.
The line was paid in full and terminated during November 2022. 

square feet of office space and square feet of warehouse. The lease has annual rent of with an annual increase of . 

The
Company leases an office and warehouse facilities in Waterbury, Vermont under agreements expiring in May 2028 and August 2026, respectively.
The monthly base rent for the office and warehouse facilities currently approximates , subject to annual increases. 

The
Company leases an office and warehouse facility in Rhinebeck, New York from a stockholder. Monthly base rent currently approximates 
and is on a month-to-month basis. 

In
2015, the Company entered into two twenty-five-year non-cancelable lease agreements for land on which they constructed solar arrays.
One lease has fixed annual rent of . The second lease has annual rent of with an annual increase of . 

In
2017, the Company entered into a twenty-year non-cancelable lease agreement for land on which it constructed solar arrays. The lease
has annual rent of with an annual increase of . 

In
2018, the Company entered into a twenty-year non-cancelable lease agreement for land on which it constructed solar arrays. The lease
has annual rent of . 

In
2019, the Company entered into a two-year non-cancelable lease agreement for equipment used in solar installations. The lease has an
annual rent of and expired in 2021. 

The
Company leases a vehicle under a non-cancelable operating lease. In addition, the Company occasionally pays rent for storage on a month-to-month
basis. 

The
Company leases vehicles and office equipment under various agreements expiring through June 2026. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate
monthly payments required under these leases approximates . 

Settlement
of Pending Litigation 

On January 26, 2022 a Complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Vermont by Sassoon Peress
and Renewz Sustainable Solutions, Inc. against the Company, alleging various claims including breach of contract, defamation, and unjust
enrichment arising out of the acquisition of iSun Energy LLC, the sole owner of which was Mr. Peress. The litigation sought legal and
equitable remedies. On January 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement resolving all claims in consideration of a modification
of the timing of the delivery of the Acquisition consideration and payment of Mr. Peress attorneys fees. The matter was
dismissed with prejudice on March 13, 2023. 

Warrants for per warrant that remained outstanding on the Redemption
Date, in accordance with the Public Warrant terms. After the redemption, as of April 12, 2021, the Company had no outstanding public
warrants outstanding . 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company received notification that warrants issued in connection with the Company s (Jensyn
Acquisition Corp.) initial public offering were exercised and shares of Common Stock were issued in connection with such exercise
resulting in cash proceeds to the Company of . 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 

Redeemed 
 - 

Ending balance 

Remaining term in years 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Fair value of common stock 

- 
 - 

Fair
 Value Measurement as of 
 December
 31, 2021 

Total 

Level
 1 

Level
 2 

Level
 3 

Liabilities: 

Public
 Warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Private
 Warrants 

- 

- 

Fair value adjustment Warrant liability 

Ending balance 

Welfare fund 

National employees benefit fund 

Joint apprenticeship and training committee 

401(k) matching 

Total 

Multiemployer
Plans 

The
Company is party to collective bargaining agreements with unions representing certain of their employees, which require the Company to
pay specified wages, provide certain benefits to their union employees and contribute certain amounts to Multi-Employer Pension Plans MEPP ). The Pension Plan Agreement PPA defines the funding rules for defined benefit pension plans and
establishes funding classifications for U.S.-registered multiemployer pension plans. Under the PPA, plans are classified into one of
the following five categories, based on multiple factors, also referred to as a plan s zone status : Green (safe),
Yellow (endangered), Orange (seriously endangered), and Red (critical or critical and declining). Factors included in the determination
of a plan s zone status include: funded percentage, cash flow position and whether the plan is projecting a minimum funding deficiency. 

A
multiemployer plan that is so underfunded as to be in endangered, seriously endangered, critical, 
or critical and declining status (as determined under the PPA) is required to adopt a funding improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP ), which, among other actions, could include decreased benefits and increased employer contributions,
which could take the form of a surcharge on benefit contributions. These actions are intended to improve their funding status over a
period of years. If a pension fund is in critical status, a participating employer must pay an automatic surcharge in addition to contributions
otherwise required under the collective bargaining agreement CBA ). With some exceptions, the surcharge is equal to 5 
of required contributions for the initial critical year and 10 for each succeeding plan year in which the plan remains in critical status.
The surcharge ceases on the effective date of a CBA (or other agreement) that includes contribution and benefit terms consistent with
the rehabilitation plan. Certain plans in which the Company participates are in endangered, seriously endangered, 
 critical, or critical and declining status. The amount of additional funds, if any, that the Company may
be obligated to contribute to these plans in the future cannot be estimated due to the uncertainty of the future levels of work that
could be required of the union employees covered by these plans, as well as the required future contribution rates and possible surcharges
applicable to these plans. 

5/31/2023 
 
 12/31/2022 
 
 12/31/2021 

State 

Total Current 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Total Deferred 

Benefit for Income Taxes 

Tax credits 

Net operating loss 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Less valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangibles 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 
 - 

The
Company uses a more-likely-than-not measurement for all tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return in order for those
tax positions to be recognized in the financial statements. There were uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. If
the Company were to incur interest and penalties related to income taxes, these would be included in the provision for income taxes,
there were for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. Generally, the three tax years previously filed remain subject
to examination by federal and state tax authorities. The Company does not expect a material change in uncertain tax positions to occur
within the next 12 months. 

and on income
from operations and the statutory tax rate of and is as follows: 

 SCHEDULE
OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Income tax expense at federal statutory rate 

Paycheck Protection Program tax exempt loan forgiveness 

Permanent differences 

Permanent differences for change in fair value of warrants 

Stock compensation subject to 162(m) limitation 
 - 

Non-deductible intangible assets 
 - 

Other adjustments 
 - 

State and local taxes net of federal benefit 

Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax benefit 

The
Company received a loan under the CARES Act Payroll Protection Program PPP of .
The Company s acquisition of SolarCommunities, Inc. and its subsidiaries included the assumption of outstanding
 PPP loans of 
and .
The PPP loan was forgiven in its entirety in 2020 and the income is deemed to be non-taxable which results in the
Company s effective tax rate differing from the statutory rate. The SolarCommunities, Inc and its subsidiaries PPP loan were
forgiven in its entirety in 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company has federal net operating losses of approximately 
of which 
will expire beginning in 2035, 
of the net operating losses do not expire. Net operating losses incurred beginning in 2018 are not subject to expiration under the
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, but the annual usage is limited to 80 of pre net operating loss taxable income for years beginning after
December 31, 2020. The Company has state net operating losses of approximately which will expire beginning in 2029. The
Company has tax credit carryforwards of approximately 
which will expire beginning in 2034. A valuation allowance has been recorded for a portion of the tax credits and net operating loss. The deferred tax assets for the net operating losses are presented net with deferred tax
liabilities, which primarily consist of book and tax depreciation differences. Utilization of net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be limited by ownership change rules, as defined
in Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loss funding, derived from the actuarial forecast, is broken-out into two categories by the actuary
known as the A B Funds. The A Fund pays for the first of any loss and the B 
Fund contributes to the remainder of the loss layer up to total per occurrence. 

Each
shareholder has equal ownership and invests a one-time cash capitalization of . This is broken out into two categories, 
of redeemable preference shares and for a single common share. Each shareholder represents a single and equal vote on NCL s
Board of Directors. 

Total liabilities 

Comprehensive income 

NCL s
fiscal year end is September 30, 2022. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Investment in NCL 

Capital 

Cash security 

Investment income in excess of losses (incurred and reserves) 

Total 

of the net proceeds as paid in capital. At December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the amount owed of and , respectively, is included in the due to stockholders as there is a right
to offset. 

In
May 2018, stockholders of the Company bought out a minority stockholder of Peck Electric Co. The Company advanced for the stock
purchase which is included in the due from stockholders . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the amounts due of
 and , respectively, are included in the due to stockholders as there is a right to offset. 

In
2019, the Company s majority stockholders lent proceeds to the Company to help with cash flow needs. At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the amounts owed of and , respectively, are included in the due to stockholders as there is a right to
offset. 

, the net present value of which is . The Company will also pay the former stockholder a solar management fee
of of the available cash flow from the solar arrays put into service on or before December 31, 2017 over the life of the arrays.
The amount is de minimis and therefore not recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and recorded in the statement
of operations when incurred. 

Warrants to purchase Common Stock, from Jensyn s IPO 

Unvested restricted stock awards 

Unexercised options to purchase Common Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Unvested options to purchase Common Stock 

Totals 

The
Company has contingent share arrangements and warrants with the potential issuance of additional shares of Common Stock from these
arrangements which were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation because the prevailing market and operating conditions at the
present time do not indicate that any additional shares of Common Stock will be issued. These instruments could result in dilution
in future periods. 

non-qualified stock options outstanding to purchase shares of Common Stock, per
the terms set forth in the option agreements. The stock options vest at various times and are exercisable for a period of 
from the date of grant at an exercise price of per share, the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on the date
of each grant. The Company determined the fair market value of these options to be million by using the Black Scholes option valuation
model. The key assumptions used in the valuation of the options were as follows; a) volatility of , b) term of years, c) risk
free rate of and d) a dividend yield of . 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 

Outstanding, ending December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Number of Options 
 Weighted average exercise price 
 
 Outstanding, beginning January 1, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding, ending December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

The
above table does not include the options issued as part of the Jensyn IPO. 

Aggregate
intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference
between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period which was as of December 31, 2021
and the exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company charged a total of and , respectively to operations to recognize
stock based compensation expense for stock options. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had in unrecognized stock-based compensation
expense related to stock option awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of less than . All options are expected to vest. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock options were exercised for 0 
and 
shares of Common Stock providing approximately 
and 
of proceeds to the Company, respectively. 

Restricted
Stock Grant to Executives 

With
an effective date of January 4, 2021, subject to the iSun, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, (the 2020 Plan ), the Company
entered into a Restricted Stock Grant Agreement with our Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Peck, Chief Financial Officer John Sullivan,
Executive Vice President Fredrick Myrick, and Chief Strategy Officer Michael dAmato in January 2021 (the January 2021 RSGAs). All shares
issuable under the January 2021 RSGA are valued as of the grant date at per share representing the fair market value. The January
2021 RSGA provides for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s Common Stock. The restricted shares shall vest as
follows: of the restricted shares shall vest immediately, of the restricted shares shall vest on the one (1) year anniversary
of the effective date, and the balance, or restricted shares, shall vest on the two (2) year anniversary of the effective date. 

With
an effective date of January 24, 2022, subject to the iSun, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, (the 2020 Plan ), the Company
entered into a Restricted Stock Grant Agreement with our Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Peck, Chief Financial Officer John Sullivan,
Executive Vice President Fredrick Myrick, and Chief Strategy Officer Michael dAmato in January 2022 (the January 2022 RSGAs). All shares
issuable under the January 2022 RSGA are valued as of the grant date at per share representing the fair market value. The January
2022 RSGA provides for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s Common Stock. The restricted shares shall vest as
follows: of the restricted shares shall vest immediately, of the restricted shares shall vest on the one (1) year anniversary
of the effective date, and the balance, or restricted shares, shall vest on the two (2) year anniversary of the effective date. 

With
an effective date of April 18, 2022, subject to the iSun, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, (the 2020 Plan ), the Company
entered into a Restricted Stock Grant Agreement with our Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Peck, Chief Financial Officer John Sullivan,
Executive Vice President Fredrick Myrick, and Chief Strategy Officer Michael dAmato in April 2022 (the April 2022 RSGAs). All shares
issuable under the April 2022 RSGA are valued as of the grant date at per share representing the fair market value. The April 2022
RSGA provides for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s Common Stock. The restricted shares shall vest as follows:
 of the restricted shares shall vest on December 31, 2022, of the restricted shares shall vest on December 31, 2023, and
the balance, or restricted shares, shall vest on December 31, 2024. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation expense of and was recognized for the January 2021 RSGA,
January 2022 RSGA and April 2022 RSGA, respectively. 

Stock-based
compensation, excluding the January 2021 RSGA, January 2022 RSGA and April 2022 RSGA, related to employee and director options totaled
 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

On
December 17, 2021, the stockholders approved an amendment to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan increasing the available shares of Common
Stock to shares of Common Stock. 

Investment in Solar Project Partners, LLC 

Investment in Gemini Electric Mobility Co. 

Investment in NAD Grid Corp. d/b/a AmpUp 

Investment in Encore Renewables 

Total 

GreenSeed
Investors, LLC GSI and Solar Project Partners, LLC SPP 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received a return of capital from GSI in the amount of . The dividend receivable of
 is included in other current assets as of December 31, 2022. 

The
GSI and SPP investments are measured at cost, less impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes
in ordinary transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. As the Company does not have significant influence
over operating or financial policies of GSI and SPP, the cost method of accounting for the investment was determined to be appropriate.
Changes in the fair value of the investment are recorded as net appreciation in fair value of investment in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations. net appreciation or depreciation in fair value of the investments was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021,
as there were no observable price changes. 

Gemini
and AmpUp 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company made a minority investment of 
in Gemini Electric Mobility Co. Gemini pursuant to a Simple Agreement for Future Equity. On May 6, 2021, the Company
made an additional minority investment of 
in Gemini. 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company made a minority investment of 
in Nad Grid Corp AmpUp pursuant to a Simple Agreement for Future Equity. 

The
Gemini and AmpUp investments are measured at cost, less impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes
in ordinary transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. These investments are minority investments intended
to support electric vehicle infrastructure development. The Company has no control in these entities. Changes in the fair value of the
investment are recorded as net appreciation in fair value of investment in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, the equity investment for Gemini and AmpUp was and , respectively. No net appreciation or depreciation in
fair value of the investments was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as there were no observable
price changes. 

Encore
Renewables 

On
November 24, 2021, the Company entered into a Membership Unit Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company invested in Encore
Redevelopment, LLC Encore representing a fully-diluted ownership interest. 

The
Encore investment is measured at cost, less impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in ordinary
transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. As the Company does not have significant influence over operating
or financial policies of Encore, the cost method of accounting for the investment was determined to be appropriate. Changes in the fair
value of the investment are recorded as net appreciation in fair value of investment in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
net appreciation or depreciation in fair value of the investments was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 and2021, respectively,
as there were no observable price changes. 

Years 

Intellectual property 
 Years 

Backlog of projects 
 Months 

SunCommon Trademark and Brand 
 Years 

Accumulated amortization 

Total 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, amortization expense was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The
estimated weighted average remaining period of amortization is years. 

shares of Common Stock from certain executives at , which was the -day average
of the closing prices for the Common Stock as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market for the five trading days immediately preceding January
22, 2021, for a total of approximately . Upon redemption, the shares of Common Stock were retired. 

. During the year ended December
31, 2022, Shareholders exercised the Put Right for the sale of shares of Common Stock for . At December 31, 2022, all unexercised
Put Rights have expired. 

71 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures . 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, did not carry out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Management has determined there is a lack of supervisory review of the financial statement closing
process due to limited resources and formal documentation of procedures and controls. These control deficiencies constitute material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. As a result, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. We plan
to take steps to remedy this material weakness in with the implementation of an Internal Control-Integrated Framework 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information that is required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act report
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and
accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 

Management
previously identified control deficiencies regarding the need for a stronger internal control environment relating to the financial statement
closing process, formal documentation and designed disclosure controls and procedures and testing of the operating effectiveness of the
controls. In 2022, Management took additional steps to remediate these control deficiencies as part of the expansion of the internal
control environment. Management implemented a new Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system which provides the necessary
control environment to mitigate the potential for misstatements in the financial reporting. In addition, specific procedures were implemented
to enhance overall controls, dual authorization of payments, purchase order approval process and authorization matrix, segregation of
duties related to financial reporting and user permissions and controls within the ERP. Management continues to enhance the internal
control environment but has not completed the implementation and testing of the new and revised internal controls. Management believes
that these control deficiencies constitute material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Based
upon the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO, management believes that the
controls currently in place are not adequate. As such, a material weakness existed as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the control improvements discussed in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting above, there was no
change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the
year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

No
Attestation Report by Independent Registered Accountant 

The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our independent registered
public accounting firm by virtue of our exemption from such requirement as a non-accelerated smaller reporting company. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information . 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

72 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required for item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our
2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

The
information required for this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required for this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

The
information required for this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required for this item is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders. 

73 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

(1)
 Financial Statements . 

The
financial statements required by Item 15 are submitted in a separate section of this report, beginning on Page F-1, incorporated herein
and made a part hereof. 

(2)
 Financial Statement Schedules . 

Schedules
have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included
in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits . 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report, or incorporated by reference as noted: 

(a) 

 101.INS
Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded
within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

(b) 

Exhibits. 

See
(a)(3) above. 

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules. 

See
(a)(2) above. 

See
(a)(2) above. 

74 

Exhibits
Index 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Included 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 2, 2016, between Jensyn Acquisition Corp. and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named on Schedule A thereto. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 March
 10, 2016 

1.2 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated December 4, 2020, between The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 S-3 
 
 December
 4, 2020 

2.4 
 
 Exchange and Subscription Agreement, dated April 22, 2020, among The Peck Company Holdings, Inc., GreenSeed Investors, LLC and Solar Project Partners, LLC 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 April
 28, 2020 

2.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 19, 2021, by and among iSun Energy LLC and iSun, Inc . and Peck Mercury, Inc. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 January
 25, 2021 

2.6 
 
 Merger Agreement by and among iSun, Inc., iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., iSun Residential, Inc., SolarCommunities, Inc., Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson, dated September 8, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 September
 13, 2021 

2.7 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among iSun, Inc., iSun Residential, Inc., iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., SolarCommunities, Inc. d/b/a SunCommon, Duane Peterson, James Moore, and Jeffrey Irish, dated September 30, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 October
 5, 2021 

2.8 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among John Stark Electric, Inc., Liberty Electric, Inc. and John P. Comeau, dated as of October 31, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 19, 2021 

3.1(a) 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Preferred Stock of The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 April
 28, 2020 

3.1(b) 
 
 Third Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation of iSun, Inc. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 February
 2, 2022 

75 

3.1(c) 
 
 First Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Preferred Stock of iSun, Inc. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 Februay
 26, 2021 

3.1(d) 
 
 Certificate of Cancellation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of iSun, Inc. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 December
 30, 2021 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 S-1 
 
 November
 23, 2015 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 S-1 
 
 November
 23, 2015 

4.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated September 17, 2019, issued to NBT Bank, National Association 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 18, 2019 

4.3 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 2, 2016, between Jensyn Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 March
 10, 2016 

4.4 
 
 Warrant, dated April 22, 2020, issued by The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. to GreenSeed Investors, LLC 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 April
 28, 2020 

4.5 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 13, 2020, issued by Peck Electric Co. to NBT Bank, National Association 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 April
 28, 2020 

4.6 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Note and Disbursement Authorization, dated April 24, 2020 issued by Peck Electric Co. to NBT Bank, National Association 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 April
 28, 2020 

4.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement, dated March 9, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 March
 9, 2021 

4.8 
 
 Notice of Redemption, dated March 9, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 March
 9, 2021 

4.9 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 8, 2021 between The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. and certain investors 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 January
 12, 2021 

4.10 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Notes, issued by iSun, Inc. dated November 4, 2022 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2022 

76 

10.1 
 
 Business Loan Agreement, dated September 17, 2019, between Peck Electric Co. and NBT Bank, National Association, as lender 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 18, 2019 

10.2 
 
 Commercial Security Agreement, dated September 17 2019, between Peck Electric Co. and NBT Bank, National Association 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 18, 2019 

10.3 
 
 Commercial Guaranty, dated September 17, 2019 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 18, 2019 

10.4 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated June 20, 2019, between Peck Company Holdings Inc. and Jeffrey Peck 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-K 
 
 April
 14, 2020 

10.5 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated December 7, 2020, between Peck Electric Co. and Unsworth Properties, LLC as agent for Meach, LLC, 306 West Indian, LLC, Cooper Two, LLC, Trek Communities, LLC, Masthead, LLC and Stephen and Shona Unsworth 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 December
 10, 2020 

10.6 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 S-8 
 
 October
 28, 2020 

10.7 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement, dated January 8, 2021, between The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 January
 12, 2021 

10.8 
 
 Irrevocable Proxy between The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. and Sassoon M. Peress, dated January 19, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 January
 25, 2021 

10.9 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, by and between Peck Electric Co. and Nedde Real Estate, LLC 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 April
 8, 2021 

10.10 
 
 Assignment Agreement by and among Adani Solar USA, Inc., Oakwood Construction Services, Inc. and iSun Utility, LLC, dated April 6, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 April
 8, 2021 

10.11 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated June 21, 2021, between iSun, Inc. and B. Riley Securities, Inc. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 June
 22, 2021 

10.12 
 
 Form of Put Agreement between iSun, Inc. and certain SunCommon Shareholders 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 September
 13, 2021 

10.13 
 
 Form of Stockholder Lockup Agreement between iSun, Inc. and each of Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 September
 13, 2021 

10.14 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between iSun, Inc. and each of Jeffrey Irish, James Moore, and Duane Peterson 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 September
 13, 2021 

77 

10.15 
 
 First Amended and Restated Letter Agreement, by and among iSun, Inc., iSun Residential, Inc., iSun Residential Merger Sub, Inc., SolarCommunities, Inc. d/b/a SunCommon, Duane Peterson, James Moore, and Jeffrey Irish, dated September 30, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 October
 5, 2021 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement between iSun, Inc. and Michael D Amato, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

17 
 
 Change of Control Agreement between iSun, Inc. and Michael D Amato, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement between iSun, Inc. and Frederick Myrick, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.19 
 
 Change of Control Agreement between iSun, Inc. and Frederick Myrick, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement between iSun, Inc. and Jeffrey Peck, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.21 
 
 Change of Control Agreement between iSun, Inc. and Jeffrey Peck, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement between iSun, Inc. and John Sullivan, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.23 
 
 Change of Control Agreement between iSun, Inc. and John Sullivan, dated July 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 November
 15, 2021 

10.24 
 
 Employment Agreement between John Stark Electric, Inc. and John P. Comeau, dated as of October 31, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 19, 2021 

10.25 
 
 Irrevocable Proxy between iSun, Inc. and John P. Comeau, dated as of October 31, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 19, 2021 

10.26 
 
 Membership Unit Purchase Agreement between iSun, Inc. and Encore Redevelopment, LLC, dated November 24, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 December
 1, 2021 

10.27 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Encore Redevelopment, Inc, dated November 24, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 December
 1, 2021 

78 

10.28 
 
 Industrial Building Lease by and Between Industry Landing 115 LLC and SolarCommunities, Inc., dated August 1, 2021 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-K 
 
 April
15, 2022 

10.29 
 
 Lease Agreement between Malone Route 2 Waterbury Properties, LLC and SolarCommunities, Inc., dated October 19, 2015 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-K 
 
 April
15, 2022 

10.30 
 
 Addendum #1 to Lease Agreement between Malone Route 2 Waterbury Properties, LLC and SolarCommunities, Inc., dated July 19, 2016 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-K 
 
 April
 15, 2022 

10.31 
 
 Addendum #2 to Lease Agreement between Malone Route 2 Waterbury Properties, LLC and SolarCommunities, Inc., dated March 2, 2019 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 10-K 
 
 April
15, 2022 

10.32 

Securities Purchase Agreement between iSun, Inc. and certain Purchasers, dated November 4, 2022 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2022 

10.33 

Security Agreement between iSun, Inc. and certain Purchasers, dated November 4, 2022 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2022 

10.34 

Trademark Security Agreement between iSun, Inc. and certain Purchasers, dated November 4, 2022 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2022 

10.35 

Subsidiary Guaranty by and among iSun, Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, dated November 4, 2022 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2022 

10.36 

Registration Rights Agreement between iSun, Inc. and certain Purchasers, dated November 4, 2022 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2022 

10.37 
 
 Voting Agreement by and among iSun, Inc. and certain other parties, dated November 4, 2022 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 November
 8, 2022 

10.38 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among iSun, Inc., iSun Energy LLC, and Sassoon M. Peress, dated November 28, 2022 
 
 Herewith 

14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 S-1 
 
 November
 23, 2015 

21 
 
 List of subsidiaries of iSun, Inc. 
 
 Herewith 

23.1 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 
 
 Herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable 

79 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

iSUN,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Peck 

Jeffrey
 Peck 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 John Sullivan 

John
 Sullivan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 

80 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

The
undersigned directors and officers of iSun, Inc., hereby constitute and appoint Jeffrey Peck and John Sullivan, and each of them, with
full power to act without the other and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our true and lawful attorneys-in-fact with
full power to execute in our name and on behalf in the capacities indicated below, this annual report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments
thereto and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorneys-in-fact, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in such capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Peck 

Jeffrey
 Peck 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 John Sullivan 

John
 Sullivan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Fredrick Myrick 

Fredrick
 Myrick 

Executive
 Vice President and Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Stewart Martin 

Stewart
 Martin 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Andrew Matthy 

Andrew
 Matthy 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Claudia Meer 

Claudia
 Meer 

Director 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 

81 

<EX-10.38>
 2
 ex10-38.htm

Exhibit
10.38 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION 

This
First Amendment (the Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization is dated as of November 28, 2022,
and is made by and among iSun, Inc. (formerly The Peck Company Holdings, Inc. ), a Delaware corporation Parent ),
iSun Energy LLC, a Delaware limited liability company iSun LLC ), and Sassoon M. Peress Peress ). 

Whereas,
the Parent, iSun LLC, and Peress are parties to the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of January 19, 2021 (the
 Merger Agreement , capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not defined shall have the meanings given in the
Merger Agreement); and 

Whereas,
the parties desire to amend the Agreement as set forth herein; 

NOW
THEREFORE , the parties agree as follows: 

1. Exhibit
C to the Merger Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety as follows: 

EXHIBIT
C 

Merger
Consideration 

Shares
 of iSun, Inc. Common Stock Shares 
 
 200,000
 Shares upon execution of the Amendment. 
 
 Peress
 was previously issued an aggregate of 200,000 Shares. Peress was also issued 100,000 Shares upon exercise of the Warrant 12 per
 share) referenced below. Peress currently owns an aggregate of 291,500 Shares. Peress transferred an aggregate of 8,500 Shares to
 four individuals. 
 
 None
 of the Shares, including any shares transferred by Peress to any third party, will be subject to any lockup agreement or similar
 restrictions. 
 
 All
 of the Shares issued to Peress pursuant to the Merger Agreement or any other agreement between Peress and/or his transferees and
 iSun and/or its affiliates will be subject to an Amended and Restated Irrevocable Proxy in the form of Exhibit E to the Merger Agreement,
 as amended. 

Warrants 
 12
 per Share) 
 
 Peress
 was issued a Warrant dated January 21, 2021. Peress exercised such Warrant as indicated above. The Warrant is void and of no further
 forced and effect. 

Warrants 
 25
 per Share) 
 
 Peress
 was issued a warrant dated January 21, 2021. Such Warrant has not been exercised and is void and of no further force and effect.

2. Exhibit
D to the Merger Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 

3. Exhibit
E to the Merger Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety as follows: 

EXHIBIT
E 

Amended
and Restated Irrevocable Proxy 

This
Amended and Restated Irrevocable Proxy amends and restates in its entirety that certain Irrevocable Proxy dated January 19, 2021. In
accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement by and among The Peck Company Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Peck Mercury, Inc., a Delaware corporation, iSun Energy LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, and Sassoon M. Peress (the Stockholder ), the Stockholder agrees as
follows: 

1.
Grant of Irrevocable Proxy. 

(a)
The Stockholder, with respect to all of the shares (the Shares of the Company s Common Stock, par
value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock owned, now or in the future (including, without limitation Common
Stock acquired by the exercise of a Warrant issued to the Stockholder in connection with the Agreement, by the Stockholder, the Stockholder
hereby grants to Jeffrey Peck (the Holder an irrevocable proxy under Section 212 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law to vote the Shares in any manner that the Holder may determine in his sole and absolute discretion to be in the Holder s
own best interest, all of the Shares with respect to which the Stockholder has voting power at the date hereof at any meeting of stockholders
of the Company or action by written consent with respect to any matter or the transactions contemplated thereby. It is expressly understood
and agreed that the foregoing irrevocable proxy is hereby granted to the Holder by the Stockholder pursuant to the Agreement and is coupled
with an interest. 

(b)
Because of this interest in the Shares, the Holder shall have no duty, liability and obligation whatsoever to the Stockholder arising
out of the exercise by the Holder of the foregoing irrevocable proxy. The Stockholder expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) the
Stockholder will not impede the exercise of the Holder s rights under the irrevocable proxy and (ii) the Stockholder waives and
relinquishes any claim, right or action the Stockholder might have, as a stockholder of the Company or otherwise, against the Holder
or any of his affiliates in connection with any exercise of the irrevocable proxy granted hereunder. 

(c)
The Stockholder has the right to notice of or to any and all special and general meetings of stockholders during the term of this Irrevocable
Proxy and further severally agrees that if any notice is given by the Company to the Stockholder, such notice will be deemed to have
been validly given to the Stockholder for all purposes. 

(d)
The Stockholder may, at his option, terminate this Irrevocable Proxy upon the occurrence of any of the following: 

(i)
Jeffrey Peck is no longer either the Chief Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (if Mr. Peck still
holds one but not both titles the Stockholder may not terminate this Irrevocable Proxy); 

(ii)
Upon the sale of all or any portion of the Shares on a public market, such as Nasdaq, and in compliance with all applicable state and
federal securities laws, this Irrevocable Proxy shall terminate with respect to all or such portion of the Shares, as applicable; 

(iii)
With the Company s prior written approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, upon the sale of all or any portion of the Shares to
a third party in any transaction or series of transactions negotiated at arm s length, in compliance with all applicable state
and federal securities laws, this Irrevocable Proxy shall terminate with respect to all or such portion of the Shares, as applicable. 

2.
Legend. The Stockholder agrees to permit an appropriate legend on certificates evidencing the Shares reflecting the grant of the
irrevocable proxy contained in the foregoing Section. 

3.
Representations and Warranties. The Stockholder represents and warrants to the Holder as follows: 

(a)
The Stockholder has the all necessary rights, power and authority to execute, deliver and perform his obligations under this Irrevocable
Proxy. This Irrevocable Proxy has been duly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and constitutes his legal and valid obligation
enforceable against the Stockholder in accordance with its terms. 

(b)
The Stockholder is the record owner of the Shares listed under his name on Appendix A and the Stockholder has plenary voting and dispositive
power with respect to such Shares; the Stockholder owns no other shares of the capital stock of the Company; there are no proxies, voting
trusts or other agreements or understandings to which such Stockholder is a party or bound by and which expressly require that any of
the Shares be voted in any specific manner other than this Irrevocable Proxy; and such Stockholder has not entered into any agreement
or arrangement inconsistent with this Irrevocable Proxy. 

4.
Equitable Remedies. The Stockholder acknowledges that irreparable damage would result if this Irrevocable Proxy is not specifically
enforced and that, therefore, the rights and obligations of the Holder may be enforced by a decree of specific performance issued by
a court of competent jurisdiction, and appropriate injunctive relief may be applied for and granted in connection therewith. Such remedies
shall, however, not be exclusive and shall be in addition to any other remedies which the Holder may otherwise have available. 

Dated
 as of November 28, 2022. 

Sassoon
 M. Peress 

4. All
terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement not amended hereby are and shall remain in full force and effect. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed or caused this Amendment to be executed as of the dated first mentioned above. 

iSUN,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Peck 

Name: 
 Jeffrey
 Peck 

Title: 
 CEO 

iSUN
 ENERGY LLC 

by
 iSun, Inc., its sole member 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Peck 

Name: 
 Jeffrey
 Peck 

Title: 
 CEO 

SASSOON
 M. PERESS 

/s/
 Sassoon M. Peress 

Sassoon
 M. Peress 

[ Signature
Page to First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization ] 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21 

 LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES OF iSUN, INC. 

Name: 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of 
 Incorporation/Organization: 
 
 Peck
 Electric Co. 
 
 Vermont 
 
 iSun
 Residential, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 SolarCommunities,
 Inc. 
 
 Vermont 
 
 iSun
 Industrial, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Liberty
 Electric, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 iSun
 Utility, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 iSun
 Corporate, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 iSun
 Energy, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements filed by iSun, Inc. on Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-269358,
333-268678, 333-261237, 333-251154, 333-249429, 333-233931, and 333-233107) and on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-265624 and 333-249714)
of our report, dated April 17, 2023 which refers to a change in the method of accounting for leases on January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification,
Leases (ASC 842), with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of iSun, Inc. as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of iSun, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, NY 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Jeffrey Peck, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of iSun, Inc..; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rule 13a-15 (f) and 15 (d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over the financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting that are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Jeffrey Peck 

Chief
 Executive Officer President 

(Principal
Executive Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
John Sullivan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of iSun, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rule 13a-15 (f) and 15 (d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over the financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting that are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal controls over financial reporting. 

/s/
 John Sullivan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant
To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

 (Subsections
(A) And (B) Of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
each of the undersigned officers of iSun, Inc, (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Jeffrey Peck 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 John Sullivan 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 isun-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 isun-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 isun-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 isun-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

