<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1479915_0001493152-23-012242.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3841880</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183677</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>695185</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1179089</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>769832</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>931959</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012242.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414114041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012242
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CQENS Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001479915
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				271521364
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55470
		FILM NUMBER:		23820290

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5550 NICOLLET AVENUE
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55419
		BUSINESS PHONE:		612-812-2037

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5550 NICOLLET AVENUE
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55419

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VapAria Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140820

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OICco ACQUISITION IV, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012242.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15( d) OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15( d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________________ TO __________________________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 

Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 Not
 applicable 
 
 Not
 applicable 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.4.05 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 915 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. on June 30, 2022. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of April 4, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 Part
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 7 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 11 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 11 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 11 

Part
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 12 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 12 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 12 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 14 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 14 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 14 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 14 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 15 

Part
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 16 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 18 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 20 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 22 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 23 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 24 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 25 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
report includes forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially
from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Words
such as, but not limited to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, 
 plan, targets, likely, aim, will, would, could, 
and similar expressions or phrases identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our
current expectations and future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operation,
business strategy and financial needs. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

financial
 risks, including: 

our
 history of losses, lack of revenues and insufficient working capital; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; and 

our
 ability to raise capital. 

business
 risks, including: 

our
 limited operating history and lack of products; 

lack
 of operating history of Leap Technology; 

the
 joint venture with the Barker Group/Firebird Manufactures remains to be finalized; 

potential
 conflicts of interest of our management; 

reliance
 on third-parties; 

potential
 FDA oversight; 

lack
 of marketing and distribution experience; 

possible
 inability to establish and maintain strategic partnerships; and 

possible
 dependence on licensing or collaboration agreements. 

risks
 related to our common stock, including: 

lack
 of public market for our common stock; and 

possible
 impact of Delaware s anti-takeover statutes on our stockholders. 

You
should read thoroughly this report and the documents that we refer to herein with the understanding that our actual future results may
be materially different from and/or worse than what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements
including those made in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors appearing elsewhere in this report. Other sections of this report include additional
factors which could adversely impact our business and financial performance. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not
possible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. Except for our ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation
to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events.
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and you should not rely on these statements without also considering
the risks and uncertainties associated with these statements and our business. 

OTHER
PERTINENT INFORMATION 

Unless
specifically set forth to the contrary, when used in this report the terms CQENS, we, our, 
 us, and similar terms refers to CQENS Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation. In addition, 2021 refers
to the year ended December 31, 2021, 2022 refers to the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 refers to the
year ending December 31, 2023. 

We
maintain a corporate website at www.cqens.com . Unless specifically set forth herein to the contrary, the information which appears
on our corporate website is not part of this report. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 DESCRIPTION
 OF BUSINESS. 

We
are a technology company. We design and develop innovative methods to heat plant-based and/or medicant-infused formulations to produce
aerosols for the efficient and efficacious inhalation of the plant and medicant constituents contained therein. We have two ways of accomplishing
this: 1) at high temperatures via induction without combustion or the constituents of combustion; and 2) at low temperatures, where we
heat an inert carrier, producing inhalable, medicant-infused aerosols while maintaining the integrity of the active ingredient(s). 

Our
high-temperature non-combusting technology is supported by 34 U.S. and international patents and pending patents. Among the
applications of our patented and patent-pending technology are those for Heat-not-Burn HnB devices. Independent tests of our system s prototypes supported the benefits of rapid heating, confirmed
non-combustion, even at high temperatures, and produced better toxicology results, greater than 98 better, when compared to
products requiring combustion and compared to other non-combusting technologies currently on the market. 

Our
low-temperature, aerosolizing technology is supported by 30 U.S. and international patents and pending patents. This portfolio includes
intellectual property around device designs and around formulations containing a wide variety of herbal and pharmaceutical
preparations. This system features the ability to verify the user, validate the medicant or pharmaceutical preparation and measure, meter
and monitor the proper, prescribed dosage. 

We
define our target market as the international inhalation market, a market that includes herbal, pharmaceutical,
medical, recreational and lifestyle products and ingredients. Industry experts, like Nielsen, Grand View Research, Fior Markets,
 published reports in 2021 and 2022 that we have consolidated; these consolidated estimates support that this is an 950 billion USD
annual market currently and it s expected to grow to 1.1 trillion USD by 2025. The largest category within this market is the
combustible tobacco market, comprising 92 of the total. Our near term focus is on this segment, which represents the greatest
opportunity for growth and the greatest opportunity to positively impact public health and wellness. 

We
believe our HnB technologies have applications to the international tobacco industry and the growing hemp/CBD and cannabis
industries. HnBs represent the latest in tobacco and inhalable technologies, and likely to supplant the electronic vapor system
(EVS) technologies including e-cigarettes and electronic nicotine delivery systems. We believe HnBs, if properly designed, will
avoid many of the issues that have proved troublesome for EVS including thermal decomposition, heating irregularities and the
formation and presence of high levels of acrolein and formaldehyde. In late 2019 Philip Morris International introduced its HnB
product to U.S. markets. This product, which was sold in more than 40 countries before entering U.S. markets, like other HnB
technologies, is a device that heats a tobacco stick, rather than burning it, and testing supports claims that the product can
potentially reduce the number of noxious chemicals found in cigarette smoke by 95 . The Philip Morris product received the approval
of the US FDA in 2019, via both a Pre-market Tobacco Authorization PMTA and Modified Risk Tobacco Product MARTP designation to market the product in the US. However, the International Trade Commission ruled on September
29, 2021 that the Philip Morris product violated certain British American Tobacco patents and ruled that the Philip Morris product
could not be imported to or sold in the US. As of the date of this report there are no HnB products on the market in the
US. 

Since
late 2019 we have focused our efforts on commercializing our HnB technology. This entry began with the December 31, 2019 transaction
pursuant to which we acquired the following assets from Xten Capital Group, Inc., formerly known as Chong Corporation Xten ),
a related party: 1) all patent applications and patent related documents and materials that had been assigned, owned, or held
by Xten in the field of HnB methods and designs, the backbone of the CQENS HnB system, 2) all documents and files related to device and
tobacco consumable development, 3) all versions of prototyped embodiments, consisting of both device and tobacco consumable embodiments,
and 4) all files, correspondence, communications and testing related to toxicology test results and consumer focus groups. 

4 

During
2020 and through 2022 we have continued our efforts begun in 2019, including: 

On July 24, 2020 we entered into an Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (the Operating Agreement of Leap Technology
LLC Leap Technology with Zong Group Holdings LLC Zong and Leap Management LLC LM ). Under
the terms of the Operating Agreement and the related Contribution Agreement dated July 24, 2020 (the Contribution Agreement ),
we acquired a 55 membership interest in Leap Technology in exchange for the contribution of an exclusive, royalty-free license (the
 Leap License Agreement for the use in the Asia Pacific countries listed in the Contribution Agreement of certain of our
intellectual property, patents pending and patents related to our heated tobacco product technology. It is expected that Leap Technology
will form additional business entities to commercialize our propriety technology in those Asia Pacific countries which include China,
India, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore and Hong Kong. The goal of the joint venture is the market
development of the Company s intellectual property in the Asia Pacific region together with other initiatives and the formation
business relationships with tobacco companies who operate in the Asia Pacific region. As of the date of this report, the joint venture
is still in a pre-formative stage expected to be formalized consistent with the completion of a Restated Operating Agreement sometime
in 2023. 

On September 30, 2020, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Xten pursuant to which we acquired a portfolio of 29 U.S. and
international patents and patent applications in the areas of devices and technologies for aerosolizing certain remedies and pharmaceutical
preparations, as well as the solutions and preparation for inhaled delivery. This transaction effectively terminated all prior licensing
agreements and resulting with the portfolio being assigned to the Company; 

On September 30, 2020, we also entered into a second Asset Purchase Agreement with Xten pursuant to which we acquired certain assets
including, but not limited to, a custom built plume and inhalation testing machine, oscilloscope with probe, multiple pieces of laboratory
and workshop equipment, computers, monitors and accessories; and 

5 

On August 17, 2021, as a result of a previously executed Memorandum of Understanding with the Barker Group of Companies, we entered
into a Joint Venture Agreement (the JV Agreement with Firebird Manufacturing, LLC Firebird ), a Barker
Group company. Under the terms of the JV Agreement the parties have agreed to organize, negotiate, and establish a limited liability
company joint venture entity (the Joint Venture Entity for the purposes of developing, manufacturing, and
distributing Heat-hemp/CBD products in the United States for an initial term of four years, subject to an automatic renewal for
successive one-year terms provided certain conditions are met. The Joint Venture Entity will be owned equally by the Company and
Firebird. The Company will license its intellectual property to the Joint Venture Entity, receiving a 10 royalty on direct
consumable sales and will be responsible for designing and coordinating the manufacture of an HnB device exclusively conformed to
heat but not combust hemp/CBD. Firebird will be responsible for manufacturing the hemp/CBD consumable and distributing both the
device and consumables to the retail locations where the product can be lawfully sold. 

Pursuant
to the JV Agreement, the Company and Firebird will each receive on a monthly basis a distribution out of the Joint Venture profits, if
any, equal to 30 after payment of expenses. The remaining profits, if any, will be distributed annually. The JV Agreement also provides
that the parties will be prohibited from marketing a competing product for two years following the termination of the Joint Venture Entity,
subject to penalty in the amount of 5 million. The JV Agreement also sets forth in general terms the respective contributions of the
parties, including equipment, manufacturing facilities, intellectual property, and expertise. Under the terms of the JV Agreement, there
will be five managers of the Joint Venture Entity, three of whom will be designated by the Company and two of whom will be designated
by Firebird. In the event the parties formalize and enter into a Joint Venture Entity Operating Agreement, Jay Barker, an affiliate of
Firebird, may be appointed to the Company s board of directors. The JV Agreement contains customary representations and warranties. 

The
execution of the Joint Venture Entity Operating Agreement is subject to formalizing the definitive Joint Venture Operating Agreement
and the execution of additional agreements, including a license agreement for the use of intellectual property, certain product development
agreements, supply agreements and such other agreements as may be necessary to further the purpose of the JV Agreement. The parties anticipate completing all of the relevant agreements no later
than July 31, 2023 although there are no assurances that the parties will
complete and formalize these agreements. 

On
July 13, 2022, we announced that we completed R D stages for the module for the automated manufacture of consumables for its proprietary,
patented and patent pending Heat-not-Burn system. The system heats plant-based and/or medicant-infused formulations to produce aerosols
for the inhalation of the plant and medicant constituents without combustion or the constituents of combustion, although there are no
assurances its products can be commercialized. Contemporaneous with the completion of these R D stages, effective July 13, 2022 the
Company entered into a manufacturing contract with Montrade S.p.A., Montrade a company based in Bologna, Italy, for Montrade
to manufacture and install the module. The Company made an initial payment of 589,265 USD and is required to make additional payments
of up to 1,086,465 USD for the module as certain stages are completed. Montrade is an industry leading designer and manufacturer of
machines for a wide range of products, including heated tobacco products. 

6 

On
August 1, 2022 the Company was informed that the Patent Office of Singapore issued the Company Singapore Patent No. 11202006324T for
our innovative Heat-not-Burn HnB system on January 21, 2022. We were further informed that the US Patent and
Trademark Office issued the Company US Patent No. 11,272,741 also for our HnB system on March 15, 2022. On August 2, 2022 we were
informed that the patent office of Japan issued the Company a Patent, registration number 7093919, for our HnB system on June 23,
2022 

On February 14, 2023, the Company was issued U.S. Patent 11,606,969 by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for a Heat-not-Burn Device
and Method, representing the sixth Heat-not-Burn related patent that the Company has now been issued, three in the U.S., one in Japan,
one in Singapore and one in Korea that was issued early in 2023. 

Human
capital 

At
April 4, 2023, the Company had five employees, including its three executive officers. 

In
2022 we engaged seven consultants who performed product design, product testing and corporate business development on our behalf. We
compensate these individuals at various rates. 

Employee
health and safety in the workplace is one of our core values. The COVID-19 pandemic has underscored for us the importance of keeping
our employees safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, we have taken actions aligned with the World Health Organization and the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in an effort to protect our workforce so they can more safely and effectively perform their
work. 

Given
our current product development opportunities and commercialization efforts, we expect to expand our executive, management and employee
numbers in order to meet future strategic and operational requirements and commitments. Over the next few years, we would expect to undertake
this expansion with strong consideration given to management and employee diversity, to learning and innovation and to establishing and
maintaining positive and dynamic workplace environments. This will require greater compensation and benefit expenditures than the Company
has incurred during its development stage. 

Our
history 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on December 21, 2009 under the name OICco Acquisition IV, Inc. with the principal
business objective of merging with or being acquired by another entity. On April 11, 2014, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement
and Plan of Reorganization with VapAria Solutions and its shareholders which is described in greater detail in Note 1 of the notes to
our financial statements appearing later in this report. Following the closing of this transaction, in August 2014 we changed the name
of our company to VapAria Corporation. In December 2019 we changed our corporate name to CQENS Technologies Inc. 

ITEM
 1A . 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 

Before
you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together
with all of the other information included in this annual report before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following
risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. 

FINANCIAL
RISKS 

We
have a history of losses, do not generate any revenues and do not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations and pay our
obligations. 

We
reported a net loss of 6,244,202 and 8,465,912 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we have a working capital surplus of 33,688
at December 31, 2022. We do not have any revenue generating operations, do not presently expect to launch our first products until
2 nd half of 2023 and will need to raise significant capital to pay our operating expenses and satisfy our obligations as
they become due, in addition to continuing to implement our business plan. If we are unable to secure the necessary capital, our
ability to continue our operations will be in jeopardy. 

7 

Our
auditors have raised substantial doubts as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. We have experienced losses from operations, which
losses have caused an accumulated deficit of 19,553,696 at December 31, 2022. The report of our independent registered public accounting
firm on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern based upon our recurring losses, minimal cash and no source of revenues which are sufficient to cover
our operating costs. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We do not have any external sources
of capital and our working capital is not sufficient to pay our operating expenses and satisfy our obligations as they become due. There
are no assurances that we will be able to raise sufficient capital to implement our business plan in order to permit us to begin generating
revenues and cash flow to a level which supports profitable operations and provides sufficient funds to pay our obligations. If we are
unable to meet those obligations, we could be forced to cease operations in which event investors would lose their entire investment
in our company. 

We
require additional capital to fund our operations and w e may
have difficulty raising capital, which could deprive us of necessary revenues. 

We
have not generated any revenues to date and, subject to the availability of sufficient capital, do not expect to launch our first
products until late 2023, owing to our recent focus on regulatory approved products. We have raised funds through private
transactions in 2021 and 2022 that have to date covered our operating expenses. In order to support our initiatives, we will need to
raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships or other arrangements with
well capitalized companies. Our ability to raise additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control, including the
current volatility in the capital markets, risks associated with investing in a pre-revenue company with no assurances our products
can be commercialized, the lack of a public market for our common stock and the development or prospects for development of
competitive technology by others. Sufficient additional financing may not be available to us or may be available only on terms that
would result in further dilution to the current owners of our common stock. If we are unsuccessful in raising additional capital, or
the terms of raising such capital are unacceptable, we may never be able to effectively monetize our intellectual property assets.
In that event, we may have to modify our business plan and/or significantly curtail our planned activities and other
operations. 

BUSINESS
RISKS 

We
have a limited operating history and have not developed or launched any products. 

We
are a company with a limited operating history. We have only recently completed the development of prototypes of new products using our
proprietary technology, our products are unproven and we have not generated any revenues. We are subject to the substantial risk of failure
facing businesses seeking to develop and commercialize new products and technologies. Certain factors that could, alone or in combination,
affect our ability to successfully develop and market our products, include: 

our
 ability to build and finance our products at our targeted scale on a cost-effective basis and in the time frame we anticipate; 

technical
 challenges developing our commercial production processes or systems that we are unable to overcome; 

reliance
 on third-party manufacturers for fabricating and assembling our products; 

our
 ability to establish markets for our products; 

our
 ability to obtain financing; 

our
 ability to meet our potential customers requirements or specifications; 

our
 ability to secure and maintain all necessary regulatory approvals and to comply with applicable laws and regulations for our products; 

our
 ability to establish new relationships, or maintain and expand our existing relationships, with strategic partners, including strategic
 partners that will manufacture and market our products; and 

actions
 of direct and indirect competitors or that may seek to compete with the products that we develop. 

8 

Leap
Technology is in a pre-formative stage with no operating history. 

As
disclosed earlier in this report, in July 2020 we agreed to become a member of Leap Technology through the contribution of a license
for certain of our intellectual property. Leap Technology is still in a pre-formative stage with no operating history and its operations
are subject to all the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise. The likelihood of success must be considered
in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays that are frequently encountered in a newly-formed company.
There can be no assurance that at this time that Leap Technology will be able to implement its business plan, generate revenues, operate
profitably or will have adequate working capital to meet its obligations as they become due. Prospective investors must consider the
risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies, particularly in rapidly evolving markets. We cannot be certain
that Leap Technology s business strategy will be successful or that it will successfully address these risks. In the event that
Leap Technology does not successfully address these risks, its business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected and it may not have the resources to continue or expand our business operations. In that event,
any benefits we expect to receive from Leap Technology would not materialize. 

There
are no assurances t he Barker Group/Firebird Manufacturing joint
venture will be finalized. 

As
of the date of this report, the Barker Group/Firebird Joint Venture has not been finalized. We expect to finalize the Joint Venture by
July 31, 2023. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finalize the Joint Venture by then or at any point in the future. In
either case, delay in or failure to complete and finalize certain details may impair our ability to realize our business prospects and
strategic objectives. 

Our
management does not devote their full time to our company and certain of our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest. 

As
of the date of this report we have five fulltime employees, including our three executive officers, While our executive officers devote
such time to us as they deem reasonable and necessary to discharge the business of our company, our officers have professional interests
in a variety of activities other than those relevant to us Accordingly, conflicts may arise in the allocation of time between our company
and one or more of these activities. While we expect that our board of directors and management will exercise their fiduciary obligation
to our company, there are no assurances any conflicts of interest which may arise will be resolved in our favor. 

We
will rely exclusively on third parties to formulate and manufacture our products. 

We
have no experience in the formulation or manufacturing of the products we intend to develop and do not intend to establish our own manufacturing
facilities. We will rely on one or more third-party contractors to manufacture our products. Our anticipated future reliance on a limited
number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks: 

we
 may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all; 

our
 third-party manufacturers might be unable to formulate and manufacture our products in the volume and quality required to meet our
 needs; 

our
 contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to
 successfully produce, store and distribute our products; and 

our
 manufacturers may fail to comply with federal or state regulations. 

Each
of these risks could delay our product development or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. 

9 

Certain
of our proposed products will be subject to FDA oversight. 

Our
current business strategies call for us to develop certain products that now fall under the regulatory authority of the FDA. Our product
candidates could be required to undergo costly and time-consuming rigorous non-clinical and clinical testing and we will be required to
obtain regulatory approval prior to the sale and marketing of some of our products. While we believe that the features of certain of our
products may enable us to secure FDA fast track approval, there are no assurances our beliefs are correct. The results of this testing
or issues that develop in the review and approval by any regulatory agency, including the FDA, may subject us to unanticipated delays
or prevent us from marketing any proposed products we may develop. 

We
have no experience selling, marketing or distributing products and have no internal capability to do so. 

We
currently have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. We do not anticipate having the resources in the foreseeable future
to allocate to the sales and marketing of our proposed products. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to enter into and
maintain collaborative relationships for such capabilities, the collaborator s strategic interest in the products under development
and such collaborator s ability to successfully market and sell any such products. We intend to pursue collaborative arrangements
regarding the sales and marketing of our products, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such
collaborative arrangements, or if able to do so, that our collaborators will have effective sales forces. To the extent that we decide
not to, or are unable to, enter into collaborative arrangements with respect to the sales and marketing of our proposed products, significant
capital expenditures, management resources and time will be required to establish and develop an in-house marketing and sales force with
technical expertise. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain relationships with third party collaborators
or develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities. To the extent that we depend on third parties for marketing and distribution,
any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties, and there can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful.
In addition, there can also be no assurance that we will be able to market and sell our proposed products in the United States or overseas. 

We
may not be successful in establishing and maintaining strategic partnerships, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and
commercialize our proposed products. 

We
intend to enter into strategic partnerships in the future, including alliances with other consumer product companies, to enhance and
accelerate the development and commercialization of our proposed products. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic
partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a
strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for any future proposed products and programs because our research and development
pipeline may be insufficient, our proposed products and programs may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative
effort and/or third parties may not view our product candidates and programs as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety
and efficacy. Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish strategic partnerships, the terms that we agree upon may not be favorable
to us and we may not be able to maintain such strategic partnerships if, for example, development or approval of a product candidate
is delayed or sales of an approved product are disappointing. 

If
we ultimately determine that entering into strategic partnerships is in our best interest but either fail to enter into, are delayed
in entering into or fail to maintain such strategic partnerships: 

the
 development of certain of our proposed products may be terminated or delayed; 

our
 cash expenditures related to development of certain of our proposed products would increase significantly and we may need to seek
 additional financing; 

we
 may be required to hire additional employees or otherwise develop expertise, such as sales and marketing expertise, for which we
 have not budgeted; 

we
 will bear all of the risk related to the development of any such products; and 

the
 competitiveness of any product that is commercialized could be reduced. 

10 

To
the extent we elect to enter into licensing or collaboration agreements to partner our product candidates, our dependence on such relationships
may adversely affect our business. 

Our
commercialization strategy for certain of our proposed products may depend on our ability to enter into agreements with collaborators
to obtain assistance and funding for the development and potential commercialization of these product candidates. Supporting diligence
activities conducted by potential collaborators and negotiating the financial and other terms of a collaboration agreement are long and
complex processes with uncertain results. Even if we are successful in entering into one or more collaboration agreements, collaborations
may involve greater uncertainty for us, as we have less control over certain aspects of our collaborative programs than we do over our
proprietary development and commercialization programs. We may determine that continuing a collaboration under the terms provided is
not in our best interest, and we may terminate the collaboration. Our collaborators could delay or terminate their agreements, and our
proposed products subject to collaborative arrangements may never be successfully commercialized. 

RISK
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

There
is no public market for our common stock. In the event we establish a market for our common stock, it is likely that the market for that
common stock will be limited. 

There
is no public market for our common stock. We have delayed seeking a market maker or undertaking an initial public offering, pending the
enhancement of our prototypes, the initiation of certain clinical studies and our progress in discussions with certain third parties.
We continue to explore securing a market maker to file the appropriate documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
(FINRA) to obtain a quotation of our common stock in the over the counter market or engaging an investment banker to assist us in an
initial public offering, the timing and success thereof is presently unknown. Even if we are successful in establishing a public market
for our common stock, it is likely that the market will be limited and sporadic and generally at very low volumes until such time, if
ever, as we are able to develop a following for our common stock. An active market for our common stock may never develop. 

Delaware
law contains anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts that could be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Provisions
of Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders.
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may make the acquisition of our company and the removal of incumbent officers and
directors more difficult by prohibiting stockholders holding 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock from acquiring us, without our
board of directors consent, for at least three years from the date they first hold 15 or more of the voting stock. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
 2. 
 DESCRIPTION
 OF PROPERTY. 

We
maintain our corporate offices at 5550 Nicollet Avenue, Minneapolis, MN 55419. We lease these premises from 5550 Nicollet LLC, an affiliate
of Mr. Chong, In December 2019 we entered into a month-to-month lease for the 2020 calendar year with an annual rental of 9,300. In
December 2020 a new month-to-month lease, commencing January 1, 2021, was entered into with a rental rate of 775/month. We occupied
the space for all of the 2022 calendar year for rent totaling 9,300. We continue to rent on this same month-to-month basis with no change
to the monthly rental rate of 775. We are not certain whether or not we will continue renting this space for the entire 2023 calendar
year. 

In
December 2020 we entered into a month-to-month lease for our engineering services at 9057 Soquel Drive, Building B, Suite C, Aptos,
CA. In 2022 we continued to rent this same month-to-month basis with no change to
the monthly rental rate of 1,850 through April 2022. Effective April 15, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for research and
development and product engineering space located at 8035 Soquel Drive, #41, Aptos, California. The term of the lease will extend
five years from the effective date, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the lease. The Company will have the right to
extend the term of the lease for additional 5-year term. The Company will pay an escalating base rent over the life of the lease of
initially 4,800 per month. In addition, the Company will pay its pro rata portion of property expenses and operating expenses for
the property. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

We
are not a party to any pending or threatened litigation. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable to our company. 

11 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

There
is no public market for our common stock. As of April 4, 2023, there were approximately 153 record owners of our common stock. 

Dividend
policy 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. Under Delaware law, we may declare and pay dividends on our capital stock either
out of our surplus, as defined in the relevant Delaware statutes, or if there is no such surplus, out of our net profits for the fiscal
year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. If, however, the capital of our company, computed in accordance
with the relevant Delaware statutes, has been diminished by depreciation in the value of our property, or by losses, or otherwise, to
an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference
upon the distribution of assets, we are prohibited from declaring and paying out of such net profits and dividends upon any shares of
our capital stock until the deficiency in the amount of capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having
a preference upon the distribution of assets shall have been repaired. Even if permitted under Delaware law, we do not have any present
intention of declaring or paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
sales of unregistered securities 

On December 16, 2022 we entered into a consulting
engagement memorandum with an unrelated third party for guidance and expertise in identifying opportunities for our technology in the
sleep and appetite suppressant areas. As compensation for the services, we issued this individual 5,000 shares of our common stock valued
at 50,000. The shares were issued under the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Act ). The individual is an accredited investor and had access to information concerning the Company. 
The shares are restricted and contain a legend restricting their transfer subject to registration or applicable exemption. 

On February 16, 2023, we sold 7,500 shares of our
common stock for 150,000 in a private transaction to an accredited investor. We did not pay a commission or finder s fee and are
using the proceeds for working capital. The shares were issued under the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Act. The accredited investor and had access to information concerning the Company. The shares are restricted and contain
a legend restricting their transfer subject to registration or applicable exemption. 

On March 9, 2023, we sold 1,500 shares of our common
stock for 30,000 in a private transaction to an accredited investor. We did not pay a commission or finder s fee and are using
the proceeds for working capital. The shares were issued under the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Act. The accredited investor had access to information concerning the Company. The shares are restricted and contain a legend
restricting their transfer subject to registration or applicable exemption. 

Purchases
of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2022 and 2021 and should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report. Our discussion includes forward-looking
statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions.
Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of a number of factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Information, Item 1A. Business
and Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, 
 project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, 
 may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking
statements. 

Overview 

Going
concern 

For
2022 we reported a net loss of 6,244,202 and net cash used in operations of 3,353,697. At December 31, 2022 we had cash on hand of
 219,781 and an accumulated deficit of 19,553,696. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern based upon our cash balances and no source of revenues which are sufficient to cover our operating costs. These factors, among
others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There are no assurances we will be successful in our efforts to raise capital,
develop a source of revenues, report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern, in which event investors would lose their
entire investment in our company. 

12 

Results
of operations 

We
did not generate any revenues from our operations in 2021 or 2022. Our total operating expenses for 2022 decreased 26 from those
for 2021. General and administrative expenses, which include amortization, depreciation, compensation, rent, software subscriptions,
and website hosting expenses, decreased by 55 in 2022 compared to 2021. Despite an increase in employee compensation and rent in
2022, the non-cash compensation expense from stock options granted in 2021 far exceeded 2022 levels and resulted in this decrease.
Research and development expenses in 2022 for new prototype designs and development were 1,050,230 compared to 668,751 in 2021.
The 57 increase was due to the new prototypes development in 2022. Professional fees increased by 128 in 2022 compared to 2021,
due largely to business development consulting services utilized in 2022 that were not present in 2021. 

We
expect that our operating expenses will increase as we continue to develop our business and we devote additional resources toward our
new technologies and business opportunities, promoting that growth, most notably reflected in anticipated increases in general overhead,
salaries for personnel and technical resources, as well as increased costs associated with our SEC reporting obligations. However, as
set forth elsewhere in this report, our ability to continue to develop our business and achieve our operational goals is dependent upon
our ability to raise significant additional working capital. As the availability of this capital is unknown, we are unable to quantify
at this time the expected increases in operating expenses in future periods. 

Liquidity
and capital resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash to satisfy its needs for cash. As of December 31, 2022, we had 219,781 in cash
and cash equivalents and a working capital surplus of 33,688 compared to 3,588,377 in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital
surplus of 3,532,821 at December 31, 2021. Our current liabilities increased 169,881 from December 31, 2021, reflecting an increase
in our accounts payable, reduction in our accrued expenses and the addition of the current portion of our lease liability. Our source
of operating capital in 2022 came from the sale of 35,000 shares of our common stock raising 350,000 in capital compared to the same
period in 2021 where our source of capital came from the sale of 555,288 shares of our common stock raising 4,910,000 in capital. 

The
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses
until it becomes profitable. As the company is not generating revenues, continued activities and expenditures to bring product(s) to
market as soon as we are able is important. Management believes the currently available funding will be insufficient to finance the Company s
operations for a year from the date of these financial statements and to satisfy our obligations as they become due. 

In
2021 we retired 255,544 of debt, owed to a related party, through repayments. At December 31, 2022 no other debt was owed
although subsequent to the period covered by this report and through April 15, 2023, the Company borrowed 500,000 from Xten, a
common control entity. The loan is non-interest bearing and due upon demand. The funds are being used for working capital 

While
we raised 350,000 from the sale of our securities during 2022, we still will need to raise 2,500,000 to 4,000,000 in additional
capital during the next 12 months. There are no assurances we will have sufficient funds to fund our operating expenses and
continued development of our products and to satisfy our obligations as they become due over the next 12 months. In that event, our
ability to continue as a going concern is in jeopardy. 

Summary
of cash flows 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash (used) in operating activities 
 (3,353,697 
 (1,516,731 
 
 Net cash (used) in investing activities 
 (364,899 
 (138,501 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 350,000 
 4,654,456 

Our
cash used in operating activities increased 121.11 in 2022 compared to 2021. During these time periods we used the cash primarily to
fund our net losses. 

In
2022 our cash used in investing activities was comprised of 339,055 from capitalization of intellectual property related legal fees,
furniture and equipment of 7,800 and leasehold improvements of 18,044. In 2021 our cash used in investing activities was comprised
of 124,193 from capitalization of intellectual property related to legal fees, and furniture and equipment of 14,308. 

13 

Net
cash provided by financing activities in 2022 consisted of 350,000 raised from the sales of 35,000 shares of common stock. Net cash
provided by financing activities in 2021 consisted of 4,910,000 raised from the sales of 555,288 shares of our common stock with repayment
of 255,544 to Xten, a common control entity. 

Critical
accounting policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amount of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of expenses during the reported periods. The more significant accounting estimates include estimates related to impairment of long-lived assets. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates,
judgments and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results, which are described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated
financial statements for 2022 appearing later in this report. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements 

The
Company does not believe that any recently issued effective pronouncements, or pronouncements issued but not yet effective, if adopted,
would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

Off
balance sheet arrangements 

As
of the date of this report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or
future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means
any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with us is a party, under which we have
any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest or a retained or contingent interest in
assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Please
see our consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Based on their evaluation as
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information relating to our company, required
to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as a result of material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. 

14 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting
and testing of the operational effectiveness of these controls. Based on this assessment our management has concluded that as of December
31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles as a result of material weaknesses. These material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting result from
limited segregation of duties and limited multiple levels of review in the financial close process. 

The
existence of the continuing material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting increases the risk that a future restatement
of our financials is possible. In order to remediate these material weaknesses, we will need to expand our accounting resources. We will
continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis, however, we do not expect that the deficiencies in our disclosure controls will be remediated until such
time as we have remediated the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. In order to do so, we will need
additional capital to permit us to hire employees and put the requisite controls in place. We had expected to expand our accounting resources
in 2019, which has been delayed into 2023. Given the uncertainties with our ability to raise working capital as discussed earlier in
this report, there are no assurances we will be able to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
during 2023. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during
our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 

None. 

15 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following table provides information on our executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Alexander
 Chong 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 William
 P. Bartkowski 
 
 71 
 
 President,
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Daniel
 Markes 
 
 61 
 
 Vice
 President, Chief Financial Officer, director 
 
 Roger
 Nielsen 
 
 76 
 
 Secretary, director 

Alexander
Chong. Mr. Chong has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since July 2014. Mr. Chong is an experienced
entrepreneur and businessman. Since founding the company in 1993, he has also served as the Chairman of Plexus International, a consulting
and training organization with 14 international offices and its principal office located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Mr. Chong has also
served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Xten, a Minnesota-based company with investment interests
in technology and a variety of Asia-based opportunities since 2007. He has broad experience in international business and manufacturing
quality. Mr. Chong also has experience serving on boards of directors of privately-held companies in the role of an independent director,
as well as identifying key joint venture partners and negotiating and securing international distribution agreements with large multi-national
companies. In connection with the developer of the original e-cigarette, Mr. Chong oversaw U.S. patent filings and developed the first
disposable e-cigarette offered for distribution and sale in the U.S. Mr. Chong received a B.S. in Chemistry from Boston University. Mr.
Chong s significant professional experience in our business sector and international business and technology were factors considered
by the board of directors in concluding that he should be serving as a director of our company. 

William
P. Bartkowski. Mr. Bartkowski has served as an executive officer of our company since July 2014. Mr. Bartkowski has had a three-decade
career in banking, consulting and marketing. Since 2008 Mr. Bartkowski has been engaged as a business consultant. From 1988 to 1995 he
was an executive officer of Metropolitan Financial Corp., a NYSE listed company and from 1996 to 2004 Mr. Bartkowski was a partner in
Neuger, Henry, Bartkowski, a public relations firm. He has been involved with the electronic cigarette business since late 2006. In that
capacity he has organized, directed and optimized marketing, consumer focus group testing, market analysis and sales testing and he has
negotiated and finalized plans and agreements with major U.S. distributors and retailers with respect to electronic cigarettes. Mr. Bartkowski
has also been involved extensively in U.S. and international regulatory and legal issues affecting electronic cigarettes and tobacco
issues. He previously provided investor relations and capital markets advisory services, including capital formation and M A counsel
for more than a dozen public companies. From April of 2013 until November of 2015 Mr. Bartkowski served on the board of directors and
was an officer of the Smoke Free Alternatives Trade Association (SFATA), a leading international advocacy group for keeping e-cigarettes
innovative, accessible and unencumbered by burdensome laws and regulations. Mr. Bartkowski received a B.A. in English from the University
of Mary, an M.A. in English from North Dakota State University and a PhD in Adult Education. 

Daniel
Markes . Mr. Markes has served as an executive officer and member of the board of directors of our company since July 2014. Mr.
Markes is an experienced businessman and financial executive and his background includes having served in various capacities as controller,
human resources director, business development specialist and member of the board of directors of a number of organizations throughout
his professional career. Since 1997 Mr. Markes has been Director, Human Resources, Finance and Administration with Minneapolis-based
Plexus Corporation founded by Mr. Chong. He also is an officer of Xten, serving as its Treasurer/Chief Financial Officer, as well as
serving as an officer of 5550 Nicollet LLC, an entity affiliated with Mr. Chong. Mr. Markes received a BBA degree from Brock University.
Mr. Markes experience as a businessman and a financial executive were factors considered by the board of directors in concluding
that he should be serving as a director of our company. 

Roger
Nielsen. Mr. Nielsen has served as a member of our board of directors
since April 2015. Mr. Nielsen is an experienced businessman with broad and lengthy experience in international commerce and world-wide
distribution. Mr. Nielsen is a member of the board of directors and Director, Procurement and Facilities, with Minneapolis-based Plexus
Corporation founded by Mr. Chong, serving as an officer and director of that company since 1993. Mr. Nielsen and Mr. Chong have worked
closely together for over 25 years in various international businesses. He has established global distribution centers throughout Asia
Pacific, negotiated and closed distribution agreements with major international manufacturers for export and directed and managed international
logistics for a number of global distribution networks. Mr. Nielsen studied Business Administration at Dana College. Mr. Nielsen s
experience in international commerce and world-wide distribution activities were factors considered by the board of directors in concluding
that he should be serving as a director of our company. 

16 

There
are no family relationships between any of the executive officers and directors. 

Board
of Directors 

Each
director is elected at our annual meeting of stockholders and holds office until the next annual meeting of stockholders, or until his
successor is elected and qualified. If any director resigns, dies or is otherwise unable to serve out his or her term, or if the board
of directors increases the number of directors, the board may fill any vacancy by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office,
although less than a quorum exists. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the unexpired term of his or her predecessor.
Vacancies occurring by reason of the removal of directors without cause may only be filled by vote of the stockholders. 

Board
leadership structure and board s role in risk oversight 

The
board of directors is comprised of members of our management and we do not have any independent directors. Mr. Chong, our Chief Executive
Officer, also serves as Chairman of the Board. Given the early stage of our company, our board believes the current leadership structure
is appropriate for our company. As our company grows, we expect to expand our board of directors through the appointment of independent
directors. 

Risk
is inherent with every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks,
including credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, strategic risk and reputation risk. Management is responsible
for the day-to-day management of the risks we face and have responsibility for the oversight of risk management in their dual roles as
directors. 

Committees
of the board of directors; stockholder nominations; audit committee financial expert 

We
have not established any committees comprised of members of our board of directors, including an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee
or a Nominating Committee, or any committee performing similar functions. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by our
board of directors as a whole. 

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates which may be recommended by our stockholders, including the
minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor has our board of directors established a process for identifying and evaluating director
nominees, nor do we have a policy regarding director diversity. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential
recommendation of director candidates by our stockholders, including the procedures to be followed. Our board has not considered or adopted
any of these policies as we have never received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our board of directors.
Given the early stage of our business, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near
future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all members of our
board will participate in the consideration of director nominees. In considering a director nominee, it is likely that our board will
consider the professional and/or educational background of any nominee with a view towards how this person might bring a different viewpoint
or experience to our board. 

None
of our directors is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 401(e) of Regulation S-K. In general,
an audit committee financial expert is an individual member of the audit committee or board of directors who: 

understands
 generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements; 

is
 able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves; 

has
 experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our financial
 statements; 

understands
 internal controls over financial reporting; and 

understands
 audit committee functions. 

17 

Our
securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our board members be independent, and we are not currently
otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our board of directors include independent 
directors, nor are we required to establish or maintain an Audit Committee or other committee of our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics and Conduct 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics and Conduct which applies to our board of directors, our executive officers and our employees. The Code
of Ethics and Conduct outlines the broad principles of ethical business conduct we adopted, covering subject areas such as: 

conflicts
 of interest; 

corporate
 opportunities; 

public
 disclosure reporting; 

confidentiality; 

protection
 of company assets; 

health
 and safety; and 

compliance
 with applicable laws. 

A
copy of our Code of Ethics and Conduct is available without charge, to any person desiring a copy, by written request to us at our principal
offices at 5550 Nicollet Avenue, Minneapolis, MN 55419. 

Director
compensation 

Our
directors do not receive compensation for their services as directors. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in the past two years for: 

our
 principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar capacity; 

our
 two most highly compensated named executive officers at December 31, 2022 whose annual compensation exceeded 100,000; and 

up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as
 an executive officer at December 31, 2022. 

18 

For
definitional purposes, these individuals are sometimes referred to as the named executive officers. 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 No equity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Alexander Chong, 
 2022 
 325,080 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 325,080 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 98,400 
 - 
 - 
 2,997,883 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,096,283 

Daniel Markes, 
 2022 
 200,040 
 - 
 - 
 139,427 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 339,467 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 90,000 
 - 
 - 
 428,277 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 518,277 

William Bartkowski 
 2022 
 125,040 
 - 
 - 
 139,427 

264,467 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 81,600 
 - 
 - 
 428,277 (2) 

509,877 

(1) 
 The
 amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options to purchase (i) 300,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
 price of 12.00 per share awarded to Mr. Chong in December 2021. The assumptions made in the valuations of the option awards are
 included in Note 2 of the notes to our financial statements appearing later in this report. 

(2) 
 The
 amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options to purchase (i) 42,858 shares of common stock at an exercise
 price of 12.00 per share awarded to Mr. Markes and Mr. Bartkowski in December 2021 and (ii) 20,000 shares of common stock at an
 exercise price of 10.00 per share awarded to Mr. Markes and Mr. Bartkowski in October 2022 as additional compensation. 

How
the executive s compensation is determined 

Mr.
Chong, who has served as our Chief Executive Officer since July 2014, previously did not receive cash compensation for his services to
us. Effective August 1, 2020, the board of directors approved an annual salary for Mr. Chong of 98,400 and in October 2020 he was awarded
stock options to purchase 175,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 5.31 as additional compensation. In addition, effective
August 1, 2020, the board of directors also approved the following salaries: (1) COO, William Bartkowski, of 81,600 per annum; and (2)
CFO, Daniel Markes, of 90,000 per annum. The Company did not enter into any written employment agreements with its officers. The amount
of compensation we may pay to Mr. Chong from time to time is in the discretion of the board of directors of which he is one of three
members. 

Effective
with the end of the first 2022 pay period, on January 14, 2022, the board approved annual salaries for its: (1) CEO, Alexander Chong,
of 325,080 per annum; (2) COO, William Bartkowski, of 125,040 per annum; and (3) CFO, Daniel Markes, of 200,040 per annum. At this
time, the Company has not entered into any written employment agreements with these officers. 

19 

Outstanding
equity awards at fiscal year-end 

The
following table provides information concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards for each
named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 

Alexander Chong, CEO 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 1.40 
 12/21/23 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

175,000 
 - 
 - 
 1.00 
 12/31/24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

175,000 
 - 
 - 
 5.31 
 10/1/25 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

300,000 
 - 
 - 
 12.00 
 10/20/26 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

William Bartkowski COO 
 42,858 
 - 
 - 
 1.40 
 12/31/23 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

25,000 
 - 
 - 
 1.00 
 12/31/24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

25,000 
 - 
 - 
 5.31 
 10/1/25 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

42,858 
 - 
 - 
 12.00 
 10/20/26 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

20,000 
 - 
 - 
 10.00 
 10/21/27 

Dan Markes, CFO 
 42,858 
 - 
 - 
 1.40 
 12/31/23 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

25,000 
 - 
 - 
 1.00 
 12/31/24 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

25,000 
 - 
 - 
 5.31 
 10/1/25 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

42,858 
 - 
 - 
 12.00 
 10/20/26 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

20,000 
 - 
 - 
 10.00 
 10/21/27 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

At
April 4, 2023, we had 26,074,595 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding which is our only class of voting securities. The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 4, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; and 

our
 named executive officers, and directors. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each person listed is in care of 5550 Nicollet Avenue, Minneapolis, MN 55419. The percentages
in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding
on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights
or conversion privileges owned by that person at that date which are exercisable within 60 days of that date. Except as otherwise indicated,
the persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them, except to
the extent that power may be shared with a spouse . 

20 

Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares 

Alexander Chong (1) 
 20,151,216 
 74.6 

William P. Bartkowski (2) 
 155,716 
 1 

Daniel Markes (3) 
 467,146 
 1.6 

Roger Nielsen (4) 
 421,431 
 1.5 

All officers and directors as a group (four persons) (1)(2)(3)(4) 
 21,195,509 
 76.8 

(1) 
 Includes:
 (i) 1,780,715 shares of our common stock held of record by Chinhak LLC; (ii) 17,440,001 shares of our common stock held of record
 by Xten; (iii) 300,000 shares of common stock underlying options held with an exercise price of 1.40; (iv) 175,000 shares of common
 stock underlying options with an exercise price of 1.00 per share; (v) 175,000 shares of common stock underlying options held at
 an exercise price of 5.31 per share; and (vi) 300,000 shares of common stock underlying options held with an exercise price of 12.00
 per share. Mr. Chong has voting and dispositive control over the shares held of record by both of these entities. Excludes 428,572 shares of common stock held by Mr. Chong s wife, of which he disclaims any beneficial ownership. 

(2) 
 Includes
 (i) 42,858 shares of common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 1.40 per share; (ii) 25,000 shares of common stock
 underlying options with an exercise price of 1.00 per share; (iii) 25,000 shares of common stock underlying options with an exercise
 price of 5.31; (iv) 42,858 shares of our common stock of common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 12.00 per share;
 and (v) 20,000 share of our common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 10.00 per share. 

(3) 
 Includes
 (i) 168,572 shares of our common stock; (ii) 42,858 shares of common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 1.40 per
 share; (iii) 25,000 shares of common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 1.00 per share; (iv) 25,000 shares of
 common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 5.31; (v) 42,858 shares of common stock underlying options with an
 exercise price of 12.00 per share; (vi) 20,000 shares of common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 10,00 per
 share; and (vii) 142,858 shares of our common stock owned by Paula Markes, his spouse. 

(4) 
 Includes
 (i) 285,715 shares of our common stock; (ii) 42,858 shares of common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 1.40 per
 share; (iii) 25,000 shares of common stock underlying options with an exercise price of 1.00 per share; (iv) 25,000 shares of common
 stock underlying options with an exercise price of 5.31; and (v) 42,858 shares of our common stock underlying options with an exercise
 price of 12.00 per share. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

The
following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders as well
as any equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Plans not approved by our stockholders: 
 0 
 - 
 - 
 
 Plans approved by stockholders: 

2014 Equity Compensation Plan 
 1,492,148 
 8.20 
 50,718 
 
 2019 Equity Compensation Plan 
 920,000 
 4.98 
 1,530,000 

21 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

We
currently have two equity compensation plans, our 2014 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2014 Plan and our 2019 Equity Compensation
Plan (the 2019 Plan ). While the number of shares of our common stock underlying outstanding grants under these plans were
proportionally reduced and the exercise price was proportionally increased following the December 26, 2019 effective date of our 1:7
reverse stock split of our common stock, the total number of shares reserved for grants under the plans and the evergreen formulas were
not impacted by the reverse split. 

On
August 19, 2014, our board of directors adopted our 2014 initially covering 10,000,000 shares of common stock. The 2014 Plan was ratified
by our shareholders on August 19, 2019. The 2014 Plan also contains an evergreen formula pursuant to which the number of
shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2014 Plan will automatically increase on the first trading day of January each
calendar year during the term of the 2014 Plan, beginning with calendar year 2015, by an amount equal to 1 of the total number of shares
of common stock outstanding on the last trading day in December of the immediately preceding calendar year, up to a maximum annual increase
of 100,000 shares of common stock. 

On
November 19, 2019, our board of directors authorized our 2019 Plan and the 2019 Plan was ratified by our stockholders on December 26,
2019. The 2019 Plan covers 2,000,000 shares of common stock. The 2019 Plan also contains an evergreen formula pursuant
to which the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of
each calendar year during the term of the 2019 Plan, beginning with calendar year 2020, by an amount equal to 15 of the total number
of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year, up to a maximum annual increase of 150,000
shares of common stock. 

The
other terms of the 2014 Plan and the 2019 Plan are identical. The purpose of each of the plans is to enable us to offer to our employees,
officers, directors and consultants, whose past, present and/or potential contributions to our company have been, are or will be important
to our success, an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in our company. The plans are administered by our board of directors.
Plan options may either be: 

incentive
 stock options (ISOs), 

non-qualified
 options (NSOs), 

awards
 of our common stock, or 

rights
 to make direct purchases of our common stock which may be subject to certain restrictions. 

Any
option granted under a plan must provide for an exercise price of not less than 100 of the fair market value of the underlying shares
on the date of grant, but the exercise price of any ISO granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10 of our outstanding common
stock must not be less than 110 of fair market value on the date of the grant. The plan further provides that with respect to ISOs the
aggregate fair market value of the common stock underlying the options which are exercisable by any option holder during any calendar
year cannot exceed 100,000. The term of each plan option and the manner in which it may be exercised is determined by the board of directors
or the compensation committee, provided that no option may be exercisable more than 10 years after the date of its grant and, in the
case of an incentive option granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10 of the common stock, no more than five years after the
date of the grant. In the event of any stock split of our outstanding common stock, the board of directors in its discretion may elect
to maintain the stated amount of shares reserved under the plan without giving effect to such stock split. Subject to the limitation
on the aggregate number of shares issuable under the plan, there is no maximum or minimum number of shares as to which a stock grant
or plan option may be granted to any person. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Early
in 2020 the Company borrowed 2,500 from Xten, a common control entity. On June 24, 2020 the Company repaid 250,000 to Xten. On December
3, 2020 the Company repaid an additional 200,000 to Xten to reduce the debt to Xten, a common control entity. The balance outstanding
at December 31, 2020 due Xten was 255,544. The loan is unsecured, noninterest bearing and due on demand. In September 2021 the Company
repaid the balance of the loan. 

Subsequent to the period covered by this report
and through April 15, 2023 the Company borrowed 500,000 from Xten, a common control entity. The loan is non-interest bearing and
due upon demand. The funds are being used for working capital. 

22 

Director
independence 

None
of our directors is considered independent within the meaning of meaning of Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by MaloneBailey LLP for 2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 70,350 
 45,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 70,350 
 45,000 

Audit
Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection
with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as
a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit
Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and other accounting consulting. 

Tax
Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax
compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

23 

All
Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Our
board of directors has adopted a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm.
Under the procedure, the Board approves the engagement letter with respect to audit, tax and review services. Other fees are subject
to pre-approval by the board, or, in the period between meetings, by a designated member of the board. Any such approval by the designated
member is disclosed to the entire board at the next meeting. The audit and tax fees paid to the auditors with respect to 2022 were pre-approved
by the entire board of directors. 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS,
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)(1) 
 Financial
 statements. 

Report
 of , (PCAOB ID ); 

Consolidated
 balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated
 statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated
 statements of changes in stockholders equity (deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated
 statements cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 

Notes
 to consolidated financial statements. 

(b) 
 Exhibits.

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or 
 Furnished 
 Herewith 
 
 No
 . 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 Filed 
 
 Number 

2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated April 11, 2014 by and between OICco Acquisition IV, Inc., VapAria Corporation and the listed shareholders 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/11/14 
 
 2a 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 6/30/10 
 
 3(c) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/21/14 
 
 3.4 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/19/16 
 
 3.5 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 S-1 
 
 3/29/10 
 
 3(b) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/18/19 
 
 3.5 

4.1 
 
 Form of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/2/20 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Form of Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/2/20 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Form of Series C Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/2/20 
 
 4.3 

10.1 
 
 Exclusive License and Option to License Agreement dated December 31, 2013 by and between Chong Corporation and VapAria Corporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 5/1/14 
 
 10-b 

10.2 
 
 Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement dated August 1, 2010 between Alexander C. Chong, William P. Bartkowski and Chong Corporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 6/9/14 
 
 10(d) 

10.3 
 
 2014
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/21/14 
 
 10.7 

10.4 
 
 License Agreement dated January 28, 2016 by and between VapAria Corporation and Chong Corporation for the 228 patent 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/29/16 
 
 10.9 

24 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement dated January 28, 2016 by and between VapAria Corporation and Chong Corporation for the 040 patent 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/29/16 
 
 10.10 

10.6 
 
 License Agreement dated January 28, 2016 by and between VapAria Corporation and Chong Corporation for the 617 patent application 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/29/16 
 
 10.11 

10.7 
 
 License Agreement dated January 28, 2016 by and between VapAria Corporation and Chong Corporation for the 939 patent application 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/29/16 
 
 10.12 

10.8 
 
 License Agreement dated January 28, 2016 by and between VapAria Corporation and Chong Corporation for the 279 patent application 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/29/16 
 
 10.13 

10.9 
 
 Lease extension dated December 31, 2017 with Chong Corporation 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/29/18 
 
 10.21 

10.10 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 2019 by and between CQENS Technologies Inc. and Chong Corporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/2/20 
 
 10.1 

10.11 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/31/19 
 
 10.1 

10.12 
 
 Commercial Month to Month Lease 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/10/20 
 
 10.29 

10.13 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/5/20 
 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated July 24, 2020 of Leap Technology LLC by and between CQENS Technologies, Inc., Zong Group Holdings LLC and Leap Management LLP 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/29/20 
 
 10.1 

10.15 
 
 Form of Contribution Agreement Via Exclusive Licensing Agreement dated July 24, 2020 by and between CQENS Technologies Inc. and Leap Technology LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/29/20 
 
 10.2 

10.16 
 
 Form of Intellectual Property License Agreement dated July 24, 2020 by and between CQENS Technologies Inc. and Leap Technology LLP 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/29/20 
 
 10.3 

10.17 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated September 30, 2020 by and between CQENS Technologies Inc. and Xten Capital Group, Inc. (IP) 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/2/20 
 
 10.1 

10.18 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated September 30, 2020 by and between CQENS Technologies Inc. and Xten Capital Group, Inc. (other assets) 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/2/20 
 
 10.2 

10.19 
 
 Joint venture Agreement by and among Firebrand Manufacturing, LLC and CQENS Technology, Inc. dated August 17, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/23/21 
 
 10.1 

10.20 
 
 Commercial Lease Agreement Research and Development Facilities effective April 15, 2022 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/14/22 
 
 10.20 

10.21 
 
 Purchase
 Agreement between CQENS Technologies, Inc. and Montrade S.P.A. effective July 13, 2022+ 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/15/22 
 
 10.2 

10.22 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/26/22 
 
 10.1 

10.23 
 
 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, 

Filed 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code Conduct and Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/14/15 
 
 14.1 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Filed 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Filed 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

Filed 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed 

+
Exhibits and/or Schedules have been omitted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish to the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission
upon request any omitted information. 

Management contract or compensatory agreement, plan
or arrangement. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CQENS
 Technologies Inc. 

April
 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alexander Chong 

Alexander
 Chong, Chief Executive Officer 

April
 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Markes 

Daniel
 Markes, Chief Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Alexander his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full
power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to such attorney-in-fact and agent, full power
and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Positions 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Alexander Chong 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Alexander
 Chong 
 
 Directors,
 principal executive officer 

/s/
 William P. Bartkowski 
 
 President,
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 William
 P. Bartkowski 

/s/
 Daniel Markes 
 
 Vice
 President, Chief Financial Officer, director, 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 Markes 
 
 principal
 financial and accounting officer 

/s/
 Roger Nielsen 
 
 Secretary, director 
 
 April
 14, 2023 
 
 Roger
 Nielsen 

26 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 CQENS
Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CQENS Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the Board of Directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined
that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

 April
14, 2023 

F- 1 

CQENS Technologies Inc. 

 Balance Sheets 

2022 
 2021 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Equipment, net 

Intellectual property, net 

Right-of-use asset - lease, net 
 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvement, net 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses - noncurrent portion 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 2 

CQENS Technologies Inc. 

 Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Professional fees 

Total Operating Expenses 

Total Operating Loss 

Other (Expense) 

Net Loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

CQENS Technologies Inc. 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 

Number of Shares 
 0.0001 Par Value 
 Additional Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for cash 

- 

Common stock issued for consulting services 

- 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

Common stock issued for cash 

- 

Common stock issued for consulting services 

- 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Ending balance 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

CQENS Technologies Inc. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Amortization expense 

Lease expense 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation expense 

Stock options expense 

Common stock issued for consulting services 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid expenses - noncurrent portion 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

Additions to intellectual property 

Additions to furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Repayment of related party debt 
 - 

Net Cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplementary disclosure for non-cash activities: 

Right-of-use asset in exchange for lease liability 
 
 - 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

CQENS
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

of the
outstanding capital stock of VapAria Solutions from the VapAria Solutions Shareholders in exchange for certain shares of our capital
stock. On July 31, 2014 all conditions precedent to the closing were satisfied, including the reconfirmation by the investors of the
prior purchase of shares of our common stock pursuant to the requirements of Rule 419 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and the transaction closed. 

At
closing, we issued the VapAria Solutions Shareholders shares of our common stock and shares of our 10 Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock Series A Preferred in exchange for the common stock and preferred stock owned by the VapAria Solutions
Shareholders. 

As
a result of the closing of this transaction, VapAria Solutions became a wholly owned subsidiary of our company and its business and operations
represent those of our company. 

On
August 19, 2014 the board of directors of the Company and the holders of a majority of its issued and outstanding common stock approved
a Certificate of Amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation changing the name of our company to VapAria Corporation.
The name change was effective on August 19, 2014. Our Board determined it was in our best interests to change our corporate name to better
reflect our business and operations following our recent acquisition of VapAria Solutions. 

On
December 26, 2019 our Board determined it was in our best interest to change our corporate name to better reflect our business and operations
and so the Company name was changed from VapAria Corporation to CQENS Technologies Inc. Our board of directors and the Majority Stockholders
have approved the Name Change to more accurately reflect the current direction of our company and to eliminate potential market confusion
as our business focus is not in the area of unregulated vaping. Further, the board determined it would be in our best interests to dissolve
the subsidiary entity, VapAria Solutions which had no activity or operations since July 31, 2014 when the April 11, 2014 Share Exchange
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization s conditions of close were satisfied. The dissolution of the subsidiary was effective December
30, 2019. 

CQENS
Technologies, Inc. is a technology company with a proprietary method of heating plant-based consumable formulations that produce an aerosol
that lead to the effective and efficient inhalation of the plant s constituents. This is accomplished at a high temperature but
without the accompanying constituents of combustion. Our system of heating is a high temperature, non-combustion system. Our Heat-not-Burn
Tobacco Product (HTP) system is a patent-pending method of heating plant-based consumables for inhalation that is superior to other methods
of ingestion, smoking, vaping, swallowing or via topical application. 

From 2020 through 2022 the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic were felt by the Company. While the duration and full impact of the pandemic is unknown
at this time, we expect that the pandemic will continue to adversely impact CQENS in several ways. Our business model is dependent upon
our ability to enter into strategic partnerships in the future, including alliances with consumer product companies, to enhance and accelerate
the development and commercialization of our proposed products. We will also be dependent upon third party manufacturers to produce our
proposed products, as well as third party marketing and distribution companies. We believe that our business opportunities are international
in nature and include potential partnerships in the UK, the EU and Asia, including the People s Republic of China. The worldwide
pandemic caused by COVID-19 have caused certain of these opportunities to be delayed. Should the pandemic continue and/or be prolonged
into 2023 certain of these opportunities might be limited or lost. We also need to raise additional working capital to provide sufficient
funding to bring our proposed products to market. The impact of COVID-19 on the capital markets will make it more difficult for small,
pre-revenue companies such as ours to access capital. We will continue to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our company,
however, at this time we are unable to predict all possible impacts on our company, our operations and our prospects. 

The
executive officers hired by the Company in the third quarter of 2020 continue at December 31, 2022 to be the company s three
employees. Effective December 23, 2021 the Board of Directors approved annual salary increases for its: CEO, Alexander Chong, COO,
William Bartkowski and CFO, Daniel Markes, resulting in a new annual combined base of 
per annum compared to 
per annum previously. The annual combined base salary remains the same for 2023. To date the Company has not entered into any
written employment agreements with the officers. 

The
Company has a fiscal year end of December 31. 

cash equivalents. 

If
we believe our assets to be impaired, the impairment we will recognize will be the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds
the fair value of the assets. Any write down will be treated as permanent reductions in the carrying amount of the asset and an operating
loss would be recognized. In addition, we base the useful lives and related amortization or depreciation expense on our estimate of the
useful lives of the assets. If a change were to occur in any of the above-mentioned factors or estimates, our reported results could
materially change. There was impairment at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

months at the time of lease inception. We will not record leases with an initial term of months or less on our balance sheet but will
continue to record rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Operating
lease assets and liabilities will be recognized at the lease commencement date, which is the date we control the use of the property.
Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments not yet paid. 

We
made the policy election to combine lease and non-lease components. We will consider fixed CAM as part of our fixed future lease payments;
therefore, fixed CAM, if any, will be included in our lease liability. To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid,
we will estimate incremental borrowing rates corresponding to the lease term including reasonably certain renewal periods. We will estimate
this rate based on prevailing financial market conditions, credit analysis, and management judgment. 

Total
lease costs will include fixed operating lease costs, variable lease costs and short-term lease costs. Our real estate lease requires
us to pay certain expenses, such as CAM costs and insurance, of which the fixed portion will be included in operating lease costs. We will
recognize operating lease costs on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Operating
lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and will be based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepayments,
initial direct costs, lease incentives, and impairment of operating lease assets. 

For
operating leases, operating lease assets will be reduced over the lease term by the recognized straight-line lease expense less the amount
of accretion of the lease liability. 

years. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized compared
to in the previous year, related to the value of its patent portfolio, acquired in 2013, 2016, 2019 and 2020 from an affiliate
(see Note 5). 

. For net
operating losses (NOLs) arising after December 31, 2017, the 2017 Act limits a taxpayer s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards
to of taxable income. In addition, NOLs arising after 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but carryback is generally prohibited.
NOLs generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 will not be subject to the taxable income limitation. The component of the
Company s deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred asset 
 - 
 - 

The
Company did not pay any income taxes during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The
Company s cumulative net operating loss carryforward as of December 31, 2022 amounted to of which 
represents net operating losses prior to 2017 and will expire between and . The years going back to 2019 remain open for examination by relevant tax authorities. 

shares of our common stock for to an investor in a private transaction. We did not pay a commission
or finder s fee. On July 11, 2022 we issued shares of our common stock, valued at , to a consultant for the consultant s guidance
in identifying business opportunities, partners and other skilled consultants in both Asia and North America. 

On December 16, 2022 we entered into a consulting engagement memorandum
with an unrelated third party for the consultants guidance and expertise in identifying opportunities for our technology in the sleep
and appetite suppressant areas. As compensation for the services, we issued this individual shares of our common stock valued at
 . 

On
March 15, 2021, we sold a total of shares of our common stock for to a non-U.S. Person in a private transaction. We did
not pay a commission or finder s fee and are using proceeds for working capital. 

On
April 21, 2021, we sold a total of shares of our common stock to two non-U.S. Persons each paying for a total of 
in private transactions. We did not pay a commissions or finder s fees and are using proceeds for working capital. 

On
May 1, 2021, we entered into a consulting engagement memorandum with an unrelated third party for the consultant s guidance and
expertise in identifying business opportunities, partners, and other skilled consultants in the People s Republic of China and/or
other territories of Asia. As compensation for the services, we issued this individual shares of our common stock valued at .
The recipient was a non-U.S. person, and the issuance was exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on an exemption
provided by Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

On
May 16, 2021, we entered into a consulting engagement memorandum with an unrelated third party pursuant to which we engaged this party
to identify key Asian resources for our company. As compensation for the services, we issued this individual shares of our common
stock valued at . The recipient was a non-U.S. person, and the issuance was exempt from registration under the Securities Act
in reliance on an exemption provided by Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

On
May 17, 2021, we sold a total of shares of our common stock for to a non-U.S. Person in a private transaction. We did
not pay a commission or finder s fee and are using the proceeds for working capital. 

On
September 28, 2021, we sold a total of shares of our common stock for to eleven non-U.S. persons in private transactions.
We did not pay a commission or finder s fees and are using the proceeds for working capital. On September 28, 2021, we sold 
shares of our common stock for to an investor in a private transaction. We did not pay a commission or finder s fee. 

On
September 30, 2021, we sold shares of our common stock for to an investor in a private transaction. We did not pay a
commission or finder s fee 

On
October 18, 2021 we sold shares of our common stock for to a non-U.S. Person in a private transaction. We did not pay a
commission or finder s fee and are using the proceeds for working capital. 

On
November 18, 2021 we entered into a consulting engagement memorandum with an unrelated third party pursuant to which we engaged this
party to identify key Asian resources for our company. As compensation for the services, we issued this individual shares of our
common stock valued at . The recipient was a non-U.S. person, and the issuance was exempt from registration under the Securities
Act in reliance on an exemption provided by Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

On
November 23, 2021 we sold shares of our common stock for to a non-U.S. Person in a private transaction. We did not pay
a commission or finder s fee and are using the proceeds for working capital. 

On
November 29, 2021 we entered into a consulting engagement memorandum with an unrelated third party pursuant to which we engaged this
party to identify key Asian resources for our company. As compensation for the services, we issued this individual shares of our
common stock valued at . The recipient was a non-U.S. person, and the issuance was exempt from registration under the Securities
Act in reliance on an exemption provided by Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

On
December 6, 2021 we sold shares of our common stock to an investor in a private transaction. We did not pay a commission or finder s
fee and are using the proceeds for working capital. 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred
Stock 

There
are shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding in 2022 or 2021. 

Stock
Options 

On April 21, 2022, we granted options under
the Company s 2014 Equity Compensation Plan to two consultants. Each of the consultants was granted options, fully vested upon grant,
to purchase shares at an exercise price of per share. The fair market value of the options at the grant date using the Black
Sholes option pricing model was determined to be . 

On June 24, 2022 we granted options under
the Company s 2014 Equity Compensation Plan to a consultant. The options granted are fully vested upon grant and allow consultant
to purchase shares of the Company s stock at an exercise price of per share. The fair market value of the options
at the grant date using the Black Sholes option pricing model was determined to be . 

On October 21, 2022, the Company
granted stock options to 39 individuals, representing up to a maximum of 
shares of our common stock, exercisable at 
per share. The individuals include executive officers, William Bartkowski and Daniel Markes, one of our employees, certain
professional advisors, and another 29 individuals who are considered related parties in that they are employed by or otherwise
associated with entities owned or controlled by our chairman and chief executive officer, Alexander Chong. The grants were made in
amounts and with exercise prices and vesting conditions consistent with our corporate development objectives, including but not
limited to our plans to begin commercializing our technology internationally in mid-2023. All of the awards were made for work or
services provided or to be provided to CQENS. The Company made the grants under the Company s shareholder approved 2014 Equity
Compensation Plan (the Plan and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Plan and subject to vesting conditions
contained in the Plan and options granted thereunder. 

On October 21, 2022 the Company
granted stock options under the Company s 2014 Equity Compensation Plan to individuals who are considered related parties, in
that they are employed by or otherwise associated with entities owned or controlled by our chairman and chief executive officer,
Alexander Chong. Substantially all of the related party individuals are also non U.S. persons. The grants were made in amounts and
with exercise prices and vesting conditions consistent with our corporate development objectives, including but not limited to our
plans to begin commercializing our technology internationally in mid-2023. 
shares at 
per share. 
of the shares (1,000 or 2,000 or 4,000 respectively) were exercisable immediately, with the balance vesting over the next 
years in equal installments and subject to certain terms and conditions. The fair market value of the options at the grant
date was determined to be 
of which 
was expensed in 2022. The options were valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 1) a
current stock price per share of ,
based on the price of recent offerings; 2) expected term of 
years; 3) computed volatility of ;
and 4) the risk-free rate of return of .
The exercise period of the immediately exercisable options terminates October 21, 2027. 

On October 21, 2022 the Company
granted stock options under the Company s 2014 Equity Compensation Plan to individuals who are considered related parties, in
that they are employed by or otherwise associated with entities owned or controlled by our chairman and chief executive officer,
Alexander Chong. Substantially all of the related party individuals are also non U.S. persons.. The grants were made in amounts and
with exercise prices and vesting conditions consistent with our corporate development objectives, including but not limited to our
plans to begin commercializing our technology internationally in mid-2023 
per share. 
of the shares or 1,000 are exercisable in 2 years from the grant date, with the balance vesting over the next 
years in equal installments and subject to certain terms and conditions. The fair market value of the options at the grant
date was determined to be 
of which 
was expensed in 2022. The options were valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 1) a
current stock price per share of ,
based on the price of recent offerings; 2) expected term of 
years; 3) computed volatility of ;
and 4) the risk-free rate of return of .
The exercise period of the first exercisable options terminates October 21, 2029. 

On October 21, 2022 the Company
granted stock options under the Company s 2014 Equity Compensation Plan to three attorneys involved with our Company. The
fair market value of the options at the grant date was determined to be 
all of which was expensed in 2022. The options were valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions: 1) a current stock price per share of ,
based on the price of recent offerings; 2) expected term of 
years; 3) computed volatility of ;
and 4) the risk-free rate of return of .
The exercise period of the immediately exercisable options terminates October 21, 2027. 

On December 13, 2022 the Company granted stock options under the Company s 2019 Equity Compensation Plan to five consultants. The options granted were fully vested upon grant
and allow the consultants to collectively purchase shares of the Company s stock at per share. The fair market value
of the options at the grant date using the Black Scholes pricing model was determined to be . 

On
February 15, 2021, we granted options under the Company s 2019 Equity Compensation Plan to two consulting engineers involved
in our research and development. Each of the consultants was granted options to purchase shares at per share. of
the grants are exercisable immediately, with the balance vesting over the next in equal installments and subject to certain
terms and conditions, including continuing in their consulting roles through the vesting periods. The fair market value of the options
at the grant date was determined to be of which was expensed in 2021. The options were valued using the Black Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions: 1) a current stock price per share of , based on the price of recent offerings;
2) expected term of years; 3) computed volatility of ; and 4) the risk-free rate of return of . The exercise period of
the immediately exercisable options terminates on . 

On
October 21, 2021, in line with the Company s 2014 Equity Compensation Plan, non-qualified stock options were granted to
its management. These options were fully vested upon grant and have an exercise price of per share. The fair market value of the
options at the grant date was determined to be which was expensed immediately. The options were valued using the Black Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions: 1) a current stock price per share of , based on the price of companies with
profiles similar to ours; 2) expected term of years; 3) computed volatility of ; and, 4) the risk free rate of return of .
The exercise period terminates on . 

On
December 30, 2021, the non-qualified stock options that were granted to management on December 30, 2016, expired without exercise. The
result is a reduction of to the outstanding and exercisable options. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has outstanding and exercisable options at a weighted average exercise price of 
and a weighted average remaining term of 
years and an intrinsic value of zero. 

Warrants 

On
September 30, 2020 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Xten, a common control entity, pursuant to which it acquired
a portfolio of 29 U.S. and international patents and patent applications in the areas of devices and technologies for aerosolizing certain
remedies and pharmaceutical preparations, as well as the solutions and preparation for inhaled delivery. 

As
consideration for the acquisition, the Company issued Xten common stock purchase warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 
shares of its common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Warrants ), including shares of common stock commencing on September 30, 2023 and expiring on September 30, 2026,
(ii) a Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant exercisable for shares of common stock commencing on September 30, 2026 and expiring
on September 30, 2029, and (iii) a Series C Common Stock Purchase Warrant exercisable for shares of common stock commencing
on September 30, 2029 and expiring on September 30, 2032 . The Company has the right to accelerate or extend the exercise period of each
series of Warrants in its discretion. In addition, the exercise period of each series of Warrants automatically accelerates in the event
of a change of control (as defined in the Warrants) prior to such series of Warrants becoming exercisable by its respective
terms. The IP Asset Purchase Agreement contained customary indemnification provisions. The warrants are valued at based on carrying
value of the assets acquired. 

shares at 
per share. 
of the shares (1,000 or 2,000 or 4,000 respectively) were exercisable immediately, with the balance vesting over the next 
years in equal installments and subject to certain terms and conditions. The fair market value of the options at the grant
date was determined to be 
of which 
was expensed in 2022. The options were valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 1) a
current stock price per share of ,
based on the price of recent offerings; 2) expected term of 
years; 3) computed volatility of ;
and 4) the risk-free rate of return of .
The exercise period of the immediately exercisable options terminates October 21, 2027. 

On October 21, 2022 the Company
granted stock options under the Company s 2014 Equity Compensation Plan to individuals who are considered related parties, in
that they are employed by or otherwise associated with entities owned or controlled by our chairman and chief executive officer,
Alexander Chong. Substantially all of the related party individuals are also non U.S. persons.. The grants were made in amounts and
with exercise prices and vesting conditions consistent with our corporate development objectives, including but not limited to our
plans to begin commercializing our technology internationally in mid-2023 
shares at 
per share. 
of the shares or 1,000 are exercisable in 2 years from the grant date, with the balance vesting over the next 
years in equal installments and subject to certain terms and conditions. The fair market value of the options at the grant
date was determined to be 
of which 
was expensed in 2022. The options were valued using the Black Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 1) a
current stock price per share of ,
based on the price of recent offerings; 2) expected term of 
years; 3) computed volatility of ;
and 4) the risk-free rate of return of .
The exercise period of the first exercisable options terminates October 21, 2029. 

In
2022 and 2021 the Company utilized the services of Apparatus Global Solutions, a common control entity that provided accounting
support and website development. The total cost in 2022 was while in 2021 the cost was . 

In
September 2021 the Company repaid the balance of the loan of to Xten Capital Group, a common control entity. The result was
the elimination of this debt. 

We
maintain our corporate offices at 5550 Nicollet Avenue, Minneapolis, MN 55419. We lease the premises from 5550 Nicollet, LLC, a company
owned by Mr. Chong. Annual rent was for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In December 2021 we entered into a
new month-to-month lease that began January 1, 2022 with a monthly rental rate of . As of December 31, 2022, there is no outstanding
balance for rent due to 5550 Nicollet LLC. 

See
other related party transactions in Note 9 Commitment and Contingencies 

paid in monthly installments of . We have an option to extend for an additional five-year period. Annual increases are
tied to the U.S. Consumer Price Index of the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor for all Urban Consumers for San Francisco-Oakland-San
Jose area. 

We
account for our leases under ASC 842, Leases, which requires all leases to be reported on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and
lease obligations. We elected the expedients permitted under the transition guidance that retained lease classification and initial direct
costs for any leases that existed prior to adoption of the standard. 

We
categorized leases with terms longer than twelve months as either operating or finance. Finance leases are generally those leases that
would allow us to substantially utilize or pay for the entire asset over its estimated life. Assets acquired under finance leases are
recorded in property and equipment, net. All other leases are categorized as operating leases. We did not have any finance leases as
of December 31, 2022. Our lease for the property is for three years. We elected the accounting policy to include both the lease and non-lease
components of our agreements as a single component and account for them as a lease. 

Lease
liabilities are recognized at the present value of the fixed lease payments using a discount rate based on similarly secured borrowings
available to us. Lease assets are recognized based on the initial present value of the fixed lease payments, reduced by landlord incentives,
plus any direct costs from executing the lease. Lease assets are tested for impairment in the same manner as long-lived assets used in
operations. Leasehold improvements are capitalized at cost over the lesser of their expected useful life or the lease term. 

When
we have options to extend the lease term, terminate the lease before the contractual expiration date, or purchase the leased asset, and
it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option, we consider these options in determining the classification and measurement
of the lease. Costs associated with the operating lease are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating expenses over the term
of the lease. The following table presents the lease-related asset and liability recorded on the balance sheets: 

Operating lease asset 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Noncurrent 

Operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, Non current 

ROU assets recognized in exchange for lease obligation 

Operating leases 

years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating lease 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less: amount of lease payments representing interest 

Present value future minimum lease payments 

Less: current obligations under lease 

Non-current obligations 

USD
on July 11, 2022 and is required to make additional payments of up to USD
for the module as certain stages are completed. As of December 31, 2022 no additional payments have been made. As of 12/31/2022,
 of initial payment has been expensed for design services completed by Montrade. The remaining payment of is
related to the manufacturing of the module for the automated manufacture of consumables for the Company s proprietary,
patented and patent pending Heat-not-Burn system. The payment is recorded as Prepaid expenses noncurrent portion.
Montrade is an industry leading designer and manufacturer of machines for a wide range of products, including heated tobacco
products. 

from its largest shareholder, Xten Capital Group, on an as needed basis. Such borrowings will be for operations, interest free and
due upon demand. As of the date of this filing, the Company has borrowed . 

On February 16, 2023, we sold shares of our
common stock for in a private transaction. We did not pay a commission or finder s fee and are using the proceeds for working
capital. 

On March 9, 2023, we sold 
 shares of our common stock for 
 in a private transaction. We did not pay a commission or finder s fee and are using the proceeds for working capital. 

F- 17 

<EX-10.23>
 2
 ex10-23.htm

Exhibit
No. 10.23 

CQENS
TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 2019
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 

1. Purpose. 

1.1
 Purpose . The purpose of the CQENS Technologies Inc. 2019 Equity Compensation Plan is to enable the Company to offer to its employees,
officers, directors and consultants whose past, present and/or potential contributions to the Company and its Subsidiaries have been,
are or will be important to the success of the Company, an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. The types of
long-term incentive Awards that may be provided under the Plan will enable the Company to respond to changes in compensation practices,
tax laws, accounting regulations and the size and diversity of its businesses. 

2. Definitions. 

2.1
 Definitions . For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below: 

(a)
 Agreement means the agreement between the Company and the Holder setting forth the terms and conditions of
an Award under the Plan. Agreements shall be in the form(s) attached hereto. 

(b)
 Award means Stock Options, Restricted Stock and/or other Stock Based Awards awarded under the Plan. 

(c)
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(d)
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

(e)
 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or any other committee of the Board that the Board
may designate to administer the Plan or any portion thereof. If no Committee is so designated, then all references in this Plan to Committee 
shall mean the Board. 

(f)
 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, 0.0001 par value 

 per
share. 

(g)
 Company means CQENS Technology Corporation, a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware
and formerly known as VapAria Corporation. 

(h)
 Disability means physical or mental impairment as determined under procedures established by the Committee
for purposes of the Plan. 

(i)
 Effective Date means the date set forth in Section 12.1, below. 

(j)
 Fair Market Value , unless otherwise required by any applicable provision of the Code or any regulations issued
thereunder, means, as of any given date: (i) if the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange, the closing price of the
Common Stock in the principal trading market for the Common Stock on such date, as reported by the exchange or on the last preceding
trading date if such security was not traded on such date; (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange,
but is traded in the over-the-counter market, the closing bid price for the Common Stock on such date, as reported by the OTC Markets
Group Inc. or similar publisher of such quotations; and (iii) if the fair market value of the Common Stock cannot be determined pursuant
to clause (i) or (ii) above, such price as the Committee shall determine, in good faith. 

1 

(k)
 Holder means a person who has received an Award under the Plan. 

(l)
 Incentive Stock Option means any Stock Option intended to be and designated as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

(m)
 Nonqualified Stock Option means any Stock Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

(n)
 Normal Retirement means retirement from active employment with the Company or any Subsidiary, other than
for Cause or due to death or disability, of a Holder who; (i) has reached the age of 65; (ii) has reached the age of 62 and has completed
five years of service with the Company; or (iii) has reached the age of 60 and has completed 10 years of service with the Company. 

(o)
 Other Stock-Based Award means an Award under Section 9, below, that is valued in whole or in part by reference
to, or is otherwise based upon, Common Stock. 

(p)
 Parent means any present or future parent corporation of the Company, as such term is defined
in Section 424(e) of the Code. 

(q)
 Plan means the CQENS Technology Corporation 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, as hereinafter amended from time
to time. 

(r)
 Repurchase Value shall mean the Fair Market Value in the event the Award to be repurchased under Section
10.2 is comprised of shares of Common Stock and the difference between Fair Market Value and the Exercise Price if lower than Fair Market
Value in the event the Award is a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right; in each case, multiplied by the number of shares subject
to the Award. 

(s)
 Restricted Stock means Common Stock, received under an Award made pursuant to Section 8, below that is subject
to restrictions under said Section 8. 

(t)
 SAR Value means the excess of the Fair Market Value on the exercise date over the exercise price that the
participant would have otherwise had to pay to exercise the related Stock Option, multiplied by the number of shares for which the Stock
Appreciation Right is exercised. 

(u)
 Stock Appreciation Right means the right to receive from the Company, on surrender of all or part of the
related Stock Option, without a cash payment to the Company, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the SAR Value divided by the
Fair Market Value on the exercise date. 

(v)
 Stock Option or Option means any option to purchase shares of Common Stock that
is granted pursuant to the Plan. 

(w)
 Subsidiary means any present or future subsidiary corporation of the Company, as such term
is defined in Section 424(f) of the Code. 

2 

3. Administration. 

3.1
 Committee Membership . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, the Board or a committee designated by the Board. Committee
members shall serve for such term as the Board may in each case determine, and shall be subject to removal at any time by the Board.
The Committee members, to the extent deemed to be appropriate by the Board, shall be non-employee directors as defined
in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), and outside
directors within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. The Committee shall conduct itself in conformance with the provisions
of the Compensation Committee Charter. 

3.2
 Powers of Committee . The Committee shall have the authority and responsibility to recommend to the Board for approval, Awards
for Board members, executive officers, non-executive employees and consultants of the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Plan: (i)
Stock Options, (ii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iii) Restricted Stock, and/or (iv) Other Stock-Based Awards. For purposes of illustration
and not of limitation, the Committee shall have the authority, subject to the express provisions of this Plan: 

(a)
to select the officers, employees, directors and consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary to whom Stock Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Restricted Stock, and/or Other Stock- Based Awards may from time to time be awarded hereunder. 

(b)
to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan or requisite Board approval, of any Award granted
hereunder including, but not limited to, number of shares, share exercise price or types of consideration paid upon exercise of Stock
Options and the purchase price of Common Stock awarded under the Plan including, without limitation, by a Holder s conversion of
deferred salary or other indebtedness of the Company to the Holder, such as other securities of the Company or other property, any restrictions
or limitations, and any vesting, exchange, surrender, cancellation, acceleration, termination, exercise or forfeiture provisions, as
the Committee shall determine; 

(c)
to determine any specified performance goals or such other factors or criteria which need to be attained for the vesting of an Award
granted hereunder; 

(d)
to determine the terms and conditions under which Awards granted hereunder are to operate on a tandem basis and/or in conjunction with
or apart from other equity awarded under this Plan and cash Awards made by the Company or any Subsidiary outside of this Plan; and 

(e)
to determine the extent and circumstances under which Common Stock and other amounts payable with respect to an Award hereunder shall
be deferred that may be either automatic or at the election of the Holder; and 

3.3 Interpretation
of Plan. 

3.1
 Committee Authority . Subject to Section 11, below, the Committee shall have the authority to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative
rules, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall, from time to time, deem advisable, to interpret the terms and provisions
of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan, and to determine the form and substance of all Agreements relating thereto, and to otherwise
supervise the administration of the Plan. Subject to Section 11, below, all decisions made by the Committee pursuant to the provisions
of the Plan shall be made in the Committee s sole discretion, subject to Board authorization if indicated, and shall be final and
binding upon all persons, including the Company, its Subsidiaries and Holders. 

3 

3.2
 Incentive Stock Options . Anything in the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, no term or provision of the Plan relating to Incentive
Stock Options including, but not limited, to Stock Appreciation rights granted in conjunction with an Incentive Stock Option, or any
Agreement providing for Incentive Stock Options shall be interpreted, amended or altered, nor shall any discretion or authority granted
under the Plan be so exercised, so as to disqualify the Plan under Section 422 of the Code, or, without the consent of the Holder(s)
affected, to disqualify any Incentive Stock Option under such Section 422. 

4. Stock Subject to
Plan. 

4.1 Number
of Shares . The total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be __________
million (____,000,000) shares. Shares of Common Stock under the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued
shares or treasury shares. The number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan shall automatically increase
on the first trading day of January each calendar year during the term of the Plan, beginning with calendar year 2020, by an amount
equal to one percent (1 of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the last trading day in December of the
immediately preceding calendar year, but in no event shall any such annual increase exceed _________ (____,000) shares of Common Stock.
If any share of Common Stock that have been granted pursuant to a Stock Option ceases to be subject to a Stock Option, or if any
shares of Common Stock that are subject to any Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Deferred Stock Award, or Other
Stock-Based Award granted hereunder are forfeited or any such Award otherwise terminates without a payment being made to the Holder
in the form of Common Stock, such shares shall again be available for distribution in connection with future grants and Awards under
the Plan. 

4.2
 Adjustment Upon Changes in Capitalization, Etc . In the event of any dividend, other than a cash dividend, payable on shares of
Common Stock, stock split, reverse stock split, combination or exchange of shares, or other similar event not addressed in Section 4.3
below occurring after the grant of an Award, which results in a change in the shares of Common Stock of the Company as a whole, (i) the
number of shares issuable in connection with any such Award and the purchase price thereof, if any, shall be proportionately adjusted
to reflect the occurrence of any such event, and (ii) the Committee shall determine whether such change requires an adjustment in the
aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan or to retain the number of shares reserved and available under the Plan,
in their sole discretion. Any adjustment required by this Section 4.2 shall be made by the Committee, in good faith, subject to Board
authorization if indicated, whose determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 

4.3
 Certain Mergers and Similar Transactions . In the event of (a) a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, (b) a merger or consolidation
in which the Company is not the surviving corporation, other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary, a reincorporation
of the Company in a different jurisdiction, or other transaction in which there is no substantial change in the stockholders of the Company
or their relative stock holdings and the Awards granted under this Plan are assumed, converted or replaced by the successor corporation,
which assumption will be binding on all Awardees, (c) a merger in which the Company is the surviving corporation but after which the
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, other than any stockholder that merges, or which owns or controls another
corporation that merges with the Company in such merger, cease to own their shares or other equity interest in the Company, (d) the sale
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (e) the acquisition, sale, or transfer of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding shares of the Company by tender offer or similar transaction, any or all outstanding Awards may be assumed, converted
or replaced by the successor corporation (if any), which assumption, conversion or replacement will be binding on all Awardees. In the
alternative, the successor corporation may substitute equivalent Awards or provide substantially similar consideration to Awardees as
was provided to stockholders after taking into account the existing provisions of the Awards. The successor corporation may also issue,
in place of outstanding shares Common Stock of the Company held by the Holder, substantially similar shares or other property subject
to repurchase restrictions no less favorable to the Holder. In the event such successor corporation (if any) refuses or otherwise declines
to assume or substitute Awards, as provided above, (i) the vesting of any or all Awards granted pursuant to this Plan will accelerate
immediately prior to the effective date of a transaction described in this Section 4.3, and (ii) any or all Options granted pursuant
to this Plan will become exercisable in full prior to the consummation of such event at such time and on such conditions as the Committee
determines. If such Options are not exercised prior to the consummation of the corporate transaction, they shall terminate at such time
as determined by the Committee. Subject to any greater rights granted to Awardees under the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.3,
in the event of the occurrence of any transaction described in this Section 4.3, any outstanding Awards will be treated as provided in
the applicable agreement or plan of merger, consolidation, dissolution, liquidation, or sale of assets. 

4 

5. Eligibility. 

Awards
may be made or granted to employees, officers, directors and consultants who are deemed to have rendered or to be able to render significant
services to the Company or its Subsidiaries and who are deemed to have contributed or to have the potential to contribute to the success
of the Company. No Incentive Stock Option shall be granted to any person who is not an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary at the
time of grant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, Awards covered or to be covered under a registration statement
on Form S-8 may be made under the Plan only if (a) they are made to natural persons, (b) who provide bona fide services to the Company
or its Subsidiaries, and (c) the services are not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital raising transaction,
and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities. 

6. Stock Options. 

6.1
 Grant and Exercise . Stock Options granted under the Plan may be of two types: (i) Incentive Stock Options, and (ii) Nonqualified
Stock Options. Any Stock Option granted under the Plan shall contain such terms, not inconsistent with this Plan, or with respect to
Incentive Stock Options, not inconsistent with the Plan and the Code, as the Committee may from time to time approve. The Committee shall
have the authority to grant Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options, or both types of Stock Options, which may be granted
alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. To the extent that any Stock Option intended to qualify as an Incentive
Stock Option does not so qualify, it shall constitute a separate Nonqualified Stock Option. 

6.2
 Terms and Conditions . Stock Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Option Term . The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee; provided, however , that an Incentive Stock
Option may be granted only within the ten (10) year period commencing from the Effective Date and may only be exercised within ten (10)
years of the date of grant, or five (5) years in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an optionee who, at the time of grant,
owns Common Stock possessing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company 10 
Stockholder ). 

(b)
 Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of Common Stock purchasable under a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee
at the time of grant and may not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value on the day of grant; provided, however ,
that the exercise price of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a 10 Stockholder shall not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant. 

5 

(c)
 Exercisability . Stock Options shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be
determined by the Committee and as set forth in Section 10, below. If the Committee provides, in its discretion, that any Stock Option
is exercisable only in installments, i.e ., that it vests over time, the Committee may waive such installment exercise provisions
at any time at or after the time of grant in whole or in part, based upon such factors as the Committee shall determine. 

(d)
 Method of Exercise . Subject to whatever installment, exercise and waiting period provisions are applicable in a particular case;
Stock Options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the term of the Option, by giving written notice of exercise to
the Company specifying the number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the
purchase price, which shall be in cash or, if provided in the Agreement, either in shares of Common Stock, including Restricted Stock
and other contingent Awards under this Plan, or partly in cash and partly in such Common Stock, or such other means which the Committee
determines are consistent with the Plan s purpose and applicable law. Cash payments shall be made by wire transfer, certified or
bank check or personal check, in each case payable to the order of the Company; provided, however , that the Company shall not
be required to deliver certificates for shares of Common Stock with respect to which an Option is exercised until the Company has confirmed
the receipt of good and available funds in payment of the purchase price thereof. Payments in the form of Common Stock shall be valued
at the Fair Market Value on the date prior to the date of exercise. Such payments shall be made by delivery of stock certificates in
negotiable form that are effective to transfer good and valid title thereto to the Company, free of any liens or encumbrances. A Holder
shall have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to the Option until such shares shall be transferred
to the Holder upon the exercise of the Option. 

(e)
 Transferability . Except as may be set forth in the Agreement, no Stock Option shall be transferable by the Holder other than by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and all Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the Holder s lifetime, only
by the Holder or, to the extent of legal incapacity or incompetency, the Holder s guardian or legal representative. 

(f)
 Termination by Reason of Death . If a Holder s employment by the Company or a Subsidiary terminates by reason of death, any
Stock Option held by such Holder, unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of grant and set forth in the Agreement, shall
thereupon automatically terminate, except that the portion of such Stock Option that has vested on the date of death may thereafter be
exercised by the legal representative of the estate or by the legatee of the Holder under the will of the Holder, for a period of one
(1) year (or such other greater or lesser period as the Committee may specify at grant) from the date of such death or until the expiration
of the stated term of such Stock Option, whichever period is the shorter. 

(g)
 Termination by Reason of Disability . If a Holder s employment by the Company or any Subsidiary terminates by reason of Disability,
any Stock Option held by such Holder, unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of grant and set forth in the Agreement,
shall there upon automatically terminate, except that the portion of such Stock Option that has vested on the date of termination may
thereafter be exercised by the Holder for a period of one (1) year or such other greater or lesser period as the Committee may specify
at the time of grant from the date of such termination of employment or until the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Option,
whichever period is the shorter. 

6 

(h)
 Other Termination . Subject to the provisions of Section 13, below, and unless otherwise determined by the Committee at the time
of grant and set forth in the Agreement, if a Holder is an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary at the time of grant and if such Holder s
employment by the Company or any Subsidiary terminates for any reason other than death or Disability, the Stock Option shall thereupon
automatically terminate, except that if the Holder s employment is terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary without cause or due
to Normal Retirement, then the portion of such Stock Option that has vested on the date of termination of employment may be exercised
for the lesser of three 

 (3)
months after termination of employment or the balance of such Stock Option s term. 

(i)
 Additional Incentive Stock Option Limitation . In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the aggregate Fair Market Value on the
date of grant of the Option with respect to which Incentive Stock Options become exercisable for the first time by a Holder during any
calendar year under all such plans of the Company and its Parent and Subsidiary shall not exceed 100,000. 

(j)
 Buyout and Settlement Provisions . The Committee may at any time, subject to Board authorization, if indicated, offer to repurchase
a Stock Option previously granted, based upon such terms and conditions as the Committee shall establish and communicate to the Holder
at the time that such offer is made. 

7. Stock Appreciation
Rights. 

7.1
 Grant and Exercise . The Committee, subject to Board authorization, if indicated, may grant Stock Appreciation Rights to participants
who have been, or are being granted, Stock Options under the Plan as a means of allowing such participants to exercise their Stock Options
without the need to pay the exercise price in cash. In the case of a Nonqualified Stock Option, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted
either at or after the time of the grant of such Nonqualified Stock Option. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, a Stock Appreciation
Right may be granted only at the time of the grant of such Incentive Stock Option. 

7.2
 Terms and Conditions . Stock Appreciation Rights shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Exercisability . Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable as shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the Agreement,
subject to the limitations, if any, imposed by the Code, with respect to related Incentive Stock Options. 

(b)
 Termination . A Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate and shall no longer be exercisable upon the termination or exercise of
the related Stock Option. 

(c)
 Method of Exercise . Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable upon such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the
Committee and set forth in the Agreement and by surrendering the applicable portion of the related Stock Option. Upon such exercise and
surrender, the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the SAR Value divided by the Fair Market
Value on the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised. 

(d)
 Shares Affected Upon Plan . The granting of a Stock Appreciation Right shall not affect the number of shares of Common Stock available
for Awards under the Plan. The number of shares available for Awards under the Plan will, however, be reduced by the number of shares
of Common Stock acquirable upon exercise of the Stock Option to which such Stock Appreciation Right relates. 

7 

8. Restricted Stock. 

8.1
 Grant . Shares of Restricted Stock may be awarded either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. The Committee,
subject to Board authorization, if indicated, shall determine the eligible persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of
Restricted Stock will be awarded, the number of shares to be awarded, the price (if any) to be paid by the Holder, the time or times
within which such Awards may be subject to forfeiture Restriction Period ), the vesting schedule and rights
to acceleration thereof, and all other terms and conditions of the Awards. 

8.2
 Terms and Conditions . Each Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Certificates . Restricted Stock, when issued, will be represented by a stock certificate or certificates registered in the name
of the Holder to whom such Restricted Stock shall have been awarded. During the Restriction Period, certificates representing the Restricted
Stock and any securities constituting Retained Distributions (as defined below) shall bear a legend to the effect that ownership of the
Restricted Stock and such Retained Distributions, and the enjoyment of all rights appurtenant thereto, are subject to the restrictions,
terms and conditions provided in the Plan and the Agreement. Such certificates shall be deposited by the Holder with the Company, together
with stock powers or other instruments of assignment, each endorsed in blank, which will permit transfer to the Company of all or any
portion of the Restricted Stock and any securities constituting Retained Distributions that shall be forfeited or that shall not become
vested in accordance with the Plan and the Agreement. 

(b)
 Rights of Holder . Restricted Stock shall constitute issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock for all corporate purposes.
The Holder will have the right to vote such Restricted Stock, to receive and retain all regular cash dividends and other cash equivalent
distributions as the Board may in its sole discretion designate, pay or distribute on such Restricted Stock and to exercise all other
rights, powers and privileges of a holder of Common Stock with respect to such Restricted Stock, with the exceptions that (i) the Holder
will not be entitled to delivery of the stock certificate or certificates representing such Restricted Stock until the Restriction Period
shall have expired and unless all other vesting requirements with respect thereto shall have been fulfilled; (ii) the Company will retain
custody of the stock certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period; (iii) other than regular
cash dividends and other cash equivalent distributions as the Board may in its sole discretion designate, pay or distribute, the Company
will retain custody of all distributions Retained Distributions made or declared with respect to the Restricted
Stock and such Retained Distributions will be subject to the same restrictions, terms and conditions as are applicable to the Restricted
Stock until such time, if ever, as the Restricted Stock with respect to which such Retained Distributions shall have been made, paid
or declared shall have become vested and with respect to which the Restriction Period shall have expired; or (iv) a breach of any of
the restrictions, terms or conditions contained in this Plan or the Agreement or otherwise established by the Committee with respect
to any Restricted Stock or Retained Distributions will cause a forfeiture of such Restricted Stock and any Retained Distributions with
respect thereto. 

(c)
 Vesting; Forfeiture . Upon the expiration of the Restriction Period with respect to each Award of Restricted Stock and the satisfaction
of any other applicable restrictions, terms and conditions (i) all or part of such Restricted Stock shall become vested in accordance
with the terms of the Agreement, subject to Section 10 below, and (ii) any Retained Distributions with respect to such Restricted Stock
shall become vested to the extent that the Restricted Stock related thereto shall have become vested, subject to Section 10 below. Any
such Restricted Stock and Retained Distributions that do not vest shall be forfeited to the Company, and the Holder shall not thereafter
have any rights with respect to such Restricted Stock and Retained Distributions that shall have been so forfeited. 

8 

9. Other Stock-Based
Awards. 

Other
Stock-Based Awards may be awarded, subject to limitations under applicable law, that are denominated or payable in, valued in whole or
in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, shares of Common Stock, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with
the purposes of the Plan, including, without limitation, purchase rights, shares of Common Stock awarded which are not subject to any
restrictions or conditions, or other rights convertible into shares of Common Stock and Awards valued by reference to the value of securities
of or the performance of specified Subsidiaries. Other Stock-Based Awards may be awarded either alone or in addition to or in tandem
with any other Awards under this Plan or any other plan of the Company. Each other Stock-Based Award shall be subject to such terms and
conditions as may be determined by the Committee. 

10. Accelerated Vesting
and Exercisability. 

10.1
 Non-Approved Transactions . If any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act)
is or becomes the beneficial owner (as referred in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing thirty percent (30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities
in one or more transactions, and the Board does not authorize or otherwise approve such acquisition, then the vesting periods of any
and all Stock Options and other Awards granted and outstanding under the Plan shall be accelerated and all such Stock Options and Awards
will immediately and entirely vest, and the respective holders thereof will have the immediate right to purchase and/or receive any and
all Common Stock subject to such Stock Options and Awards on the terms set forth in this Plan and the respective agreements respecting
such Stock Options and Awards. 

10.2
 Approved Transactions . The Committee may, subject to Board authorization, if indicated, in the event of an acquisition of substantially
all of the Company s assets or at least fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding
securities in one or more transactions, including by way of merger or reorganization which has been approved by the Company s Board
of Directors, (i) accelerate the vesting of any and all Stock Options and other Awards granted and outstanding under the Plan, and (ii)
require a Holder of any Award granted under this Plan to relinquish such Award to the Company upon the tender by the Company to Holder
of cash in an amount equal to the Repurchase Value of such Award. 

11. Amendment and Termination. 

The
Board may at any time, and from time to time, amend alter, suspend or discontinue any of the provisions of the Plan, but no amendment,
alteration, suspension or discontinuance shall be made that would impair the rights of a Holder under any Agreement theretofore entered
into hereunder, without the Holder s consent. 

12. Term of Plan. 

12.1
 Effective Date . The Plan shall become effective at such time as the Plan is approved and adopted by the Company s Board
of Directors (the Effective Date ), subject to the following provisions: 

(a)
to the extent that the Plan authorizes the Award of Incentive Stock Options, stockholder approval for the Plan shall be obtained within
12 months of the Effective Date; and 

9 

(b)
the failure to obtain stockholder for the Plan as contemplated by subparagraph (a) of this Section 12 shall not invalidate the Plan;
 provided, however , that (i) in the absence of such stockholder approval, Incentive Stock Options may not be awarded under the
Plan, and (ii) any Incentive Stock Options theretofore awarded under the Plan shall be converted into Nonqualified Options upon terms
and conditions determined by the Committee to reflect, as nearly as is reasonably practicable in its sole determination, the terms and
conditions of the Incentive Stock Options being so converted. 

12.2
 Termination Date . Unless otherwise terminated by the Board, this Plan shall continue to remain effective until the earlier of
ten (10) years from the Effective Date or such time as no further Awards may be granted and all Awards granted under the Plan are no
longer outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, grants of Incentive Stock Options may be made only during the ten (10) year period
following the Effective Date. 

13. General Provisions. 

13.1
 Written Agreements . Each Award granted under the Plan shall be confirmed by, and shall be subject to the terms, of the Agreement
executed by the Company and the Holder. The Committee may terminate any Award made under the Plan if the Agreement relating thereto is
not executed and returned to the Company within ten (10) days after the Agreement has been delivered to the Holder for his or her execution. 

13.2
 Unfunded Status of Plan . The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred compensation.
With respect to any payments not yet made to a Holder by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give any such Holder any rights
that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company. 

13.3
 Employees . 

(a)
 Engaging in Competition with the Company; Disclosure of Confidential Information . If a Holder s employment with the Company
or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason whatsoever, and within three (3) months after the date thereof such Holder either (i) accepts
employment with any competitor of, or otherwise engages in competition with, the Company, or (ii) discloses to anyone outside the Company
or uses any confidential information or material of the Company in violation of the Company s policies or any agreement between
the Holder and the Company, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may require such Holder to return to the Company the economic value
of any Award that was realized or obtained by such Holder at any time during the period beginning on that date that is six (6) months
prior to the date such Holder s employment with the Company is terminated. 

(b)
 Termination for Cause . The Committee may, if a Holder s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for cause,
annul any Award granted under this Plan to such employee and, in such event, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may require such
Holder to return to the Company the economic value of any Award that was realized or obtained by such Holder at any time during the period
beginning on that date that is six (6) months prior to the date such Holder s employment with the Company is terminated. 

(c)
 No Right of Employment . Nothing contained in the Plan or in any Award hereunder shall be deemed to confer upon any Holder who
is an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary any right to continued employment with the Company or any Subsidiary, nor shall it interfere
in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of any Holder who is an employee at any time. 

10 

13.4.
 Investment Representations; Company Policy . The Committee may require each person acquiring shares of Common Stock pursuant to
a Stock Option or other Award under the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that the Holder is acquiring the shares
for investment without a view to distribution thereof. Each person acquiring shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Stock Option or other
Award under the Plan shall be required to abide by all policies of the Company in effect at the time of such acquisition and thereafter
with respect to the ownership and trading of the Company s securities. 

13.5
 Additional Incentive Arrangements . Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting such other or additional
incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, but not limited to, the granting of Stock Options and the awarding of Common
Stock and cash otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific
cases. 

13.6
 Withholding Taxes . Not later than the date as of which an amount must first be included in the gross income of the Holder for
Federal income tax purposes with respect to any option or other Award under the Plan, the Holder shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements
satisfactory to the Committee regarding the payment of, any Federal, state and local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld
or paid with respect to such amount. If permitted by the Committee, tax withholding or payment obligations may be settled with Common
Stock, including Common Stock that is part of the Award that gives rise to the withholding requirement. The obligations of the Company
under the Plan shall be conditioned upon such payment or arrangements and the Company or the Holder s employer (if not the Company)
shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Holder
from the Company or any Subsidiary. 

13.7
 Governing Law . The Plan and all Awards made and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of Delaware. 

13.8
 Other Benefit Plans . Any Award granted under the Plan shall not be deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits under
any retirement plan of the Company or any Subsidiary and shall not affect any benefits under any other benefit plan now or subsequently
in effect under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to the level of compensation (unless required by specific reference
in any such other plan to Awards under this Plan). 

13.9
 Non-Transferability . Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or the Agreement, no right or benefit under the Plan may
be alienated, sold, assigned, hypothecated, pledged, exchanged, transferred, encumbered or charged, and any attempt to alienate, sell,
assign, hypothecate, pledge, exchange, transfer, encumber or charge the same shall be void. 

13.10
 Applicable Laws . The obligations of the Company with respect to all Stock Options and Awards under the Plan shall be subject to
(i) all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approvals by any governmental agencies as may be required, including, without
limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (ii) the rules and regulations of any securities exchange on which the Common
Stock may be listed. 

13.11
 Conflicts. If any of the terms or provisions of the Plan or an Agreement conflict with the requirements of Section 422 of the
Code, then such terms or provisions shall be deemed inoperative to the extent they so conflict with such requirements. Additionally,
if this Plan or any Agreement does not contain any provision required to be included herein under Section 422 of the Code, such provision
shall be deemed to be incorporated herein and therein with the same force and effect as if such provision had been set out at length
herein and therein. If any of the terms or provisions of any Agreement conflict with any terms or provisions of the Plan, then such terms
or provisions shall be deemed inoperative to the extent they so conflict with the requirements of the Plan. Additionally, if any Agreement
does not contain any provision required to be included therein under the Plan, such provision shall be deemed to be incorporated therein
with the same force and effect as if such provision had been set out at length therein. 

13.12
 Non-Registered Stock . The shares of Common Stock to be distributed under this Plan have not been, as of the Effective Date, registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any applicable state or foreign securities laws and the Company has no obligation to
any Holder to register the Common Stock or to assist the Holder in obtaining an exemption from the various registration requirements,
or to list the Common Stock on a national securities exchange or any other trading or quotation system. 

11 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

I,
Alexander Chong, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of CQENS Technologies Inc. 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

April
 14, 2023 
 /s/
 Alexander Chong 

Alexander
 Chong, Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

I,
Daniel Markes, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of CQENS Technologies Inc. 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

April
 14, 2023 
 /s/
 Daniel Markes 

Daniel
 Markes, Chief Financial Officer, principal financial and accounting officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Section
1350 Certification 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CQENS Technologies Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Alexander Chong, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, and I, Daniel Markes, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations
 of the Company. 

April
 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alexander Chong 

Alexander
 Chong, Chief Executive Officer 

April
 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Markes 

Daniel
 Markes, Chief Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cqens-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cqens-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cqens-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cqens-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

