<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1854526_0001477932-23-002644.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2236486</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>83787</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>438196</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>614452</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>463590</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>588385</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002644.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417150519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002644
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			brooqLy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854526
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				862265420
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56399
		FILM NUMBER:		23823717

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10101 S. ROBERTS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 209
		CITY:			PALOS HILLS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60465
		BUSINESS PHONE:		224-789-6673

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10101 S. ROBERTS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 209
		CITY:			PALOS HILLS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60465

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MyTreat, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002644.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 brooqly_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

brooqly_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the annual period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) - (Company s telephone number, including area code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of April 14, 2023, there were shares outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A Risk Factors 9 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 12 Item 2. Properties 12 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 12 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 12 PART II 13 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 13 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 13 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 13 Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 15 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 16 Item 9a. Controls and Procedures 16 Item 9b. Other Information 16 PART III 17 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 17 Item 11. Executive Compensation 20 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 21 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 22 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 22 PART IV 23 Item 15. Exhibits 23 Signatures 24 2 Table of Contents BROOQLY, INC. Form 10-K In this report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common stock shares. As used in this report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us and us refer to BrooqLy, Inc. The following terms are defined for use in this 10-K: The terms Shop or Shops , means bars, restaurants, and cafeterias, that have registered or potentially can register for our Platform. The term Brand or Brands is defined as the producer or distributor of a particular food or beverage product that advertises on our Platform to promote their brand or branded product. The term Treat is defined as a food or beverage product to be purchased and sent from one consumer to another. The term Sending Consumer means a person that uses our Platform to purchase and send a Receiving Consumer a Treat . The term Receiving Consumer means the person that is the recipient of the Treat . The term "Users means the total of Sending Consumers and Receiving Consumers. The term App means the smartphone application available to our Users to download, register and send / receive Treats. The team Dashboard means the web-based application used by our system administrators to setup and manage the App functionalities. The term Platform means our own software platform (consisting of the App and Dashboard) with our intellectual property components that provide an infrastructure for Sending Consumers, Receiving Consumers, Shops, and Brands, to interact and interconnect. The term, Local Partner means the company that we will provide exclusive geographic rights to for the purpose of executing our business plan in a specific geographic area pursuant to a revenue sharing agreement. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Corporate History We were incorporated in Nevada on February 19, 2021, as MyTreat, Inc . On May 12, 2021, we changed our name to brooqLy, Inc. in Nevada pursuant to an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation. Industry Background Our business offering is a unique combination of: Social Networking platforms Online Food Ordering platforms In 2019, the social network advertising revenue in the United States amounted to 36.14 billion U.S. dollars. This figure is projected to further grow and surpass 50 billion U.S. dollars by the end of 2021. Site: https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/07/digital-ad-revenue-in-the-us-topped-100-billion-for-the-first-time.html Site: https://www.statista.com/statistics/271259/advertising-revenue-of-social-networks-in-the-us/ Online ordering food revenue is projected to l rise to 220 billion in 2023 and constitute - 40 of restaurant sales. Digital ordering and delivery have been growing 300 compared to dine-in traffic since 2014. Takeout increased by 286 in 2020. Digital orders have increased by 135 since June 2020. Site: https://blog.trycake.com/41-online-ordering-stats-to-know-in-2021 Site: https://upserve.com/restaurant-insider/online-ordering-statistics/ Business Overview We have developed an innovative technological platform that allows: Retail Shops Consumers Consumer Packaged goods Brands to connect and interact through a Social Networking experience. Our Platform enables: Retail Shops to register and upload their Catalog Products called Treats . Consumers to sign-up, purchase and send Treats to other registered Users. Brands to advertise their Products throughout our Platform. Currently there are three ways Modes to purchase and send Treats. Remote Mode A platform User selects a City, a Registered Shop, a Product to be purchased and a Platform-Connected User for the Product to be sent. In-Shop Mode A platform User checks-in to a Registered Shop and gains access to all checked-in Users (either Platform-Connected or not) after which the User selects a Product to be purchased and sent to the selected User. At-Home Mode In collaboration with online retail Shops, a Platform User can send a purchased Product to the home of a Platform-Connected User. The delivery of such Product occurs using the delivery means of the online retail Shop. 4 Table of Contents During the last 2 quarters of the year, we plan to upgrade our Platform to a holistic out-of-home entertainment platform by adding further user-friendly functionalities for its Users, in addition to the Treating Modes . Such Functionalities will include (but not limited to): Table Reservation System Meal Pre-Ordering System Waiter-less Ordering System Target Markets Our target markets are: Shops, consisting of bars, restaurants, and coffee houses Consumers Brands Our market is currently concentrated in Southeastern Europe. We plan to increase our target regions to expand our presence and coverage in: Western and Central / Eastern Europe North South America Middle East Platform Benefits Our Platform is designed to benefit Shops, Users, and Brands, as follows: Shops Obtaining sales from Remote Customers Obtaining additional awareness and visibility Having online, real-time analytics on the spending of our Users Users Showing gratitude to loved ones, globally using the Remote treating mode Making new friends using the In-Shop treating mode Sending Products Treats with home delivery using the At-Home treating mode Brands Gaining access to a targeted audience that is ensembled to send and receive food and/or beverage products Getting customized brand positioning by advertising throughout our Platform Having online, real-time analytics on the spending within the Platform How the Platform Works A Shop registers by paying an annual fee on our Platform thereby providing access to our Platform and the ability to upload: Shop photos to be displayed on our app Treat Catalog (Food and/or Beverage Products) with pricing information Banking information, so we can execute relevant payments to its owners 5 Table of Contents A User downloads our App for free, completes account information, uploads his or her photo, and connects with friends by importing them from various sources, such as their phone catalog, Meta (Facebook), or other social networking platforms. Then the User gains access to our newsfeed that shows connected friends activity similar to other Social Networking platforms. Therefore, every User, can upload photos, like other connected User photos and send and receive notifications. Following that, the User can select one of three Treating Modes to purchase and send a Treat to another User: Platform Data Our platform is designed to be multi-lingual (currently operating in English, Greek and Romanian) and a multicurrency conversion feature (so a Sending Consumer from one country receives real-time conversion when purchasing a Treat for a Receiving Consumer from another country). We started operations in Greece on August 13, 2021 (a market that we shall be managing directly with our own resources) and in Romania on August 26, 2021 (a market that we shall be managing using a Local Partner). We expect to start operations in Turkey in July 1, 2023, a market we will also be managing using a Local Partner We are currently evaluating launching our platform in several other global markets in Western Europe, North and South America Middle East. Revenue Sources Our revenue is derived from 3 sources: Annual Shop Registration Fee at 120 per year. Treat Commission at 20 fee for each transaction made on our Platform for each Shop, i.e. a Sending Consumer orders a catalog product from a registered Shop on our Platform, which costs 10, 20 of which 2) is retained by us. Brand(s) that wish to advertise on our Platform, which advertising fee is based on selected shops per month at 40 per shop per month. Dependence Upon One or a Few Customers We are not presently, and we do not anticipate becoming dependent upon one or a few customers or brands or shops. Marketing Our marketing strategy consists of the following pillars once a country starts operations: Pre-launch Stage Social Media teasing Posts Brand Building campaigns CRM process creation Landing Page creation to lead generation Launch Stage Performance Marketing Influencer Marketing email Marketing Native Ads Press Releases 6 Table of Contents Post Launch Stage Referral Marketing App Store Optimization App Push Notifications CRM Marketing Mobile Affiliate Marketing Vlogging Operations to Date Our operations to date have primarily consisted of: Establishing our capital and operational structure. Establishing our management structure. Raising 355,500 via two Rule 506(b) Offerings. Establishing and completing the following agreements essential to our business plan: Software Services agreement to develop our designed app and platform (April 20, 2021) Advertising Services agreement to execute our designed global marketing strategy (April 20, 2021) Foreign Representation Agreement to start operations in Romania (July 1, 2021) Marketing Services agreement to execute our marketing strategy in Greece (July 1, 2021) Completing the development of the Platform on July 30, 2021, at which time it became fully operational Starting operations in: Greece on August 13, 2021; as of April 17, 2023, we have 70 registered Shops Romania on August 26, 2021; as of April 17, 2023, we have 28 registered Shops As of April 17, 2023, we have 3,048 registered Users from 21 countries. Initiating discussions with potential Local Partners in Brazil, Czech Republic, Netherlands, Philippines, Serbia, Russia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom and the United States Starting introductory discussions with global beverage Brands to sell them advertising programs to be executed on our Platform Material Agreements up to the end of Fiscal Year 2022 We have executed the following agreements critical to the development our business plan: Software Services Agreement We have an April 20, 2021, agreement with Nikolaos Stratigakis, a Greek Corporation, to develop software for us according to our design and specifications, including the development of our global Platform In return for Stratigakis s services to us, we are required to pay Stratigakis 5,000 Euros (US: 5,934) and 25,000 Euros (US: 29,496) of our restricted common stock shares at 20 cents per share. The term of the Agreement is from April 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021. Advertising Services Agreement We have an April 20, 2021, agreement with The Jones, IKE Jones ), a Greek corporation, providing for Jones to provide advertising materials on our behalf, including brand identity, website design, and app design for an aggregate payment of 16,000 Euros (US: 19,530). The term of the Agreement is from April 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021. 7 Table of Contents Marketing Services Agreement We have a July 1, 2021, agreement with Viable, IKE Viable ), a Greek corporation, providing for Viable to design and execute marketing strategies on our behalf in the Greek market, for an aggregate payment of 14,000 Euros (US: 15,701). The term of the Agreement is from July 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021. Foreign Representation Agreement - Romania We have an August 1, 2021, agreement with Field Insights Srl FI ), a Romanian corporation, providing for FI to become the geographically exclusive representative of brooqLy in Romania. Annual Targets and a Revenue sharing model included in the agreement The term of the Agreement is from August 1, 2021, to July 31, 2024. Material Agreements after the end of Fiscal Year 2022 Foreign Representation Agreement - Turkey o We completed an agreement with REM People, on March 29, 2023, a new Generation, Retail Analytics Company o They have coverage in over 50 markets, establishing a partnership for the Turkish Market. o The Foreign Representation Agreement signed comes into effect at the end of Q2, 2023. Foreign Representation Agreement - Romania o The Company extended its partnership agreement for the Romanian Market, with Field Insights CEE Marketing Intelligence company with operations in 17 Central and Eastern European countries On April 5, 2023. o This partnership extension will be instrumental in capitalizing on the performance already achieved in the Romanian market and in setting the standards for the upcoming markets to follow. o The Foreign Representation Agreement signed comes into effect at the end of Q2, 2023. New Business Collaboration Agreement Greece o On April 12, 2023, the Company announced a partnership, for the Greek market, with Botilia.gr, an awarded platform, specializing in online wine and spirit sales o This partnership will be the first of its kind for brooqLy as it will allow its global audience to purchase and send Treats to Greek platform users, to their homes, using Boltilia.gr s delivery services. o This agreement comes into effect at the end of Q2, 2023. Patents, Trademarks, Royalty Agreements We have no patents or royalty agreements, On October 14, 2021, we applied to the US Patent and Trademark Office for the trademark "BROOQLY", which application was accepted and granted on February 28, 2023. On October 14, 2021, we applied to the EU Intellectual Property Office for the trademark "BROOQLY", which application was approved on February 2, 2022. Employee s Our only employees are our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Operating Officer. 8 Table of Contents Raw Materials We use no raw materials in our business. Competition Most of our competitors have greater operating histories, revenues, personnel, and capital resources than we do. Research and Development Since our inception, we have spent no funds on research and development. Government Regulations We are subject, directly and indirectly (through our Registered Shops), to a wide variety of laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. These laws, regulations, and standards govern issues such as the Internet, labor and employment, anti-discrimination, payments, gift cards, product liability, consumer protection and warnings, marketing, taxation, privacy, data security, terms of service, mobile application and website accessibility. The sale and delivery of goods through our platform is also subject indirectly to laws, regulations, and standards that govern food safety, alcohol, and tobacco. These regulations are often complex and subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies of the countries in which we conduct our business. Where You Can Find Us Our principal executive office and mailing address are 10101 S. Roberts Road, Suite 209, Palos Hills, Illinois 60465 and our telephone number is 224 789-6673 Website We have developed a website to be located at www.brooqLy.com. No information on our website is incorporated into this 10-K. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock shares is highly speculative in nature, involves a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose their entire amount invested in the Common Stock. Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully consider, along with other matters referred to herein, the following risk factors in evaluating our business before purchasing any shares of Common Stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such a case, you may lose all or part of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this Prospectus before investing in our Common Stock. Risks Related to Our Business Our independent registered Public Accounting firm s auditors report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have little historical performance for you to base an investment decision upon, and we may never become profitable. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues for our operating expenses, we will need financing which we may be unable to obtain; should we fail to obtain sufficient financing, our revenues will be negatively impacted. Expenses required to operate as a public company will reduce funds available to develop our business and could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. We have an unproven business model. 9 Table of Contents Our growth depends in part on the success of our relationships, agreements, and arrangements with third parties. Should we encounter difficulties or service interruptions with our software, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. Our business is directly related to the level of business in restaurants, bars, and coffee establishments; should these industry sectors experience material decreases in levels of business and sales, our results of operations will be negatively affected. We expect our quarterly financial results to fluctuate. Our business depends on the actions of our Shops, Sending Consumers, Receiving Consumers and Brands level of use of our Platform; material decreases or loss of the use of our Platform by these Platform participants, will adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we fail to continue to improve and enhance the functionality, performance, reliability, design, security, or scalability of our Platform that responds to our customers evolving needs our business may be adversely affected. If our software contains serious errors or defects, we may lose revenue and market acceptance and may incur costs to defend or settle claims with our customers. We and certain of our third-party partners, service providers, and sub-processors transmit and store personal information of our customers and consumers; if the security of this information is compromised, or is otherwise accessed without authorization, our reputation may be harmed, and we may be exposed to liability and loss of business. We are subject to stringent and changing privacy laws, regulations and standards, and contractual obligations related to data privacy and security; our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our reputation, subject us to significant fines and liability, or adversely affect our business. Payment transactions processed on our platform may subject us to regulatory requirements and the rules of payment card networks, and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business. Our business is highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors, especially those businesses with greater operational and financial resources than we do. . We may be subject to claims by third parties of intellectual property infringement; we could incur substantial costs in protecting or defending our intellectual property rights, and any failure to protect our intellectual property or prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our technology could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. Our brand is integral to our success; if we fail to effectively maintain, promote, and enhance our brand, our business and competitive advantage may be harmed. Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in digital ordering transaction volume or technology spending, could adversely impact the health of our customers and limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. Increases in food, labor, and occupancy costs could adversely affect results of operations. Our failure to attract, train, or retain highly qualified personnel could harm our business. 10 Table of Contents Our Platform is in the early stages of commercialization; we are not certain that our Platform will be well received as anticipated. We may be unable to effectively manage growth. We may incur significant costs and require significant management resources to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and any failure to comply or any adverse result from such evaluation may have an adverse effect on our stock price. We are eligible to be treated as an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. Our failure to appropriately and timely respond to changing consumer preferences and demand for new products and services could significantly harm our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We face risks associated with our existing and planned international business. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and exchange control risks, which may harm our results of operations and cause our financial results to fluctuate between periods. We may be unable to adequately protect or continue to use our intellectual property; failure to protect such intellectual property may harm our business. We will require additional capital to execute our overall business strategy. Our officers own a controlling interest in the voting stock and investors will have minimal influence on our operations. Climate changes may indirectly impact our business. Risks Related to our Securities An investment in our shares is highly speculative. The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly in the future. You may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock. There is presently no market for our Common Stock; an inability to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect the value of our Common Stock and make it difficult for you to sell your shares. If our stock is thinly traded, sale of your holding may take a considerable amount of time. If approved for stock quotation, our Common Stock will be subject to the "Penny Stock" rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities will be limited, which makes transactions in our Common Stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our Common Stock. You may have difficulty in locating a securities broker-dealer who will accept our shares. There will be restrictions on resale of the Securities and there is no assurance of the registration of the Securities. Any market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low-priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. 11 Table of Contents FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell our Common Stock. Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, the price of our Common Stock may be adversely affected. Our annual and quarterly results may fluctuate, which may cause substantial fluctuations in our Common Stock price. We have never paid cash dividends and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Our stock price may be volatile, which may result in losses to our shareholders. We do not have an independent board of directors which could create a conflict of interests and pose a risk from a corporate governance perspective. Because we do not have a nominating, audit or compensation committee, shareholders will have to rely on the entire board of directors, no members of which are independent, to perform these functions. Our election not to opt out of the JOBS Act extended accounting transition period may not make our financial statements easily comparable to other companies. We may have difficulty obtaining officer and director coverage or obtaining such coverage on favorable terms or financially be unable to obtain any such coverage, which may make it difficult for our attracting and retaining qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and if we fail to comply in a timely manner, our business could be harmed, and our stock price could decline. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud; as a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS As a Smaller Reporting Company , we are not required to provide this information. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our executive offices are located at 10101 S. Roberts Road, Suite 209, Palos Hills, Illinois 60465 and consists of 150 square feet composed of (office, conference room, etc.). We pay monthly rent of 0 and our lease expires on December 31, 2022. The offices are leased by our Chief Financial Officer s CFO s company, Nicholas G. Vardalos Company LLP, 150 square feet of which that is subleased to us. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting us, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 12 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Common Stock As of April 14, 2023, our common stock was held by 30 stockholders of record. As of April 14, 2023, we had 23,584,982 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to stockholders in the foreseeable future. In addition, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as the Board of Directors deem relevant. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 229.10(f) (1) and are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this Prospectus. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. COVID-19 Related Risks The outbreak of the coronavirus may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. The outbreak of the COVID-19 may adversely affect business associated with our Platform and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Certain historical data regarding our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity does not reflect the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related containment measures and therefore does not purport to be representative of our future performance. THE OUTBREAK OF COVID-19 HAS RESULTED IN A WIDESPREAD HEALTH CRISIS THAT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE ECONOMIES AND FINANCIAL MARKETS WORLDWIDE AND COULD EXPONENTIALLY INCREASE THE RISK FACTORS DESCRIBED ABOVE AND BELOW. Our Business We are a technology company that has developed a Social Networking Platform that connects its Users using the practice of purchasing and sending Food and/or beverage products Treats ). The participants in our Platform include: Shops, Sending Consumers, Receiving Consumers and Brands We have accomplished significant development steps as indicated above. 13 Table of Contents Known or Anticipated Trends Financial market volatility and declines in financial market prices of equity securities Liquidity and/or capital resources changes and the impact of any changes or limitations, including, without limitation, ability to borrow funds and/or renew or roll over existing indebtedness. Ongoing impacts of the war in Ukraine and the Russian sanctions; and Economic recession. European energy market issues that, in addition to inflation and rising interest rate impacts, may also affect some companies, especially those that have business operations or significant markets in Europe. Results of Operations for Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Revenues Our revenues for FY 2022 and FY 2021 were 993 and 3,039, respectively, consisting solely of treats from our Platform. Our revenues from FY 2022 compared to FY 2021 decreased by 2,046 due to the further development of our app. Operating expenses We incurred total operating expenses of 312,256 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, consisting of 120,810 of professional fees and 191,446 of other general and administrative costs. We incurred total operating expenses of 172,348 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, consisting of 64,871 of professional fees and 107,477 of other general and administrative costs. Our total operating expense from FY 2022 compared to FY2021 increased by 139,908 as this was a full year of operations versus a short year in 2021. Net loss We had a net loss of 311,160 and 169,309 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, reflecting an increased net loss of 141,851 which is mainly due to a full year of operations and the increase in marketing expenses for the launch of our app.. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our cash flows used in operating activities were 28,327 and 97,248 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which is attributed primarily to legal and auditing services. The 68,921 decrease is mainly due to the stock issued for professional services. Net cash flow used in investing activities was 99,707 and 50,217 for our software for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our cash flows from financing activities were 98,000, consisting of 78,000 shares issued for cash and 20,000 for shares to be issued for cash received as of December 31, 2022. For the previous year ended December 31, 2021 our cash flows from financing activities were 177,500 from shares issued for cash. Plan of Operations We anticipate that we will incur 360,000 of total expenses over the next twelve months with operating expenses of approximately at a burn rate of 30,000 per month as follows: (a) product development - 150,000; (b), marketing - 15,000; and (c) international business development - 75,000 and (d) 120,000 for various operating expenses. Based on our current cash position of 1 as of December 31, 2022, we will not be able to conduct our operations for even 1 month, our future operations are contingent upon obtaining additional financing. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain or on terms acceptable to us. 14 Table of Contents STEP METHOD / ACCOMPLISHMENT ESTIMATED OPERATING COST Product: New User Interface Design internally, implement with Subcontractor 30,000 Product: Table Booking System Design internally, implement with Subcontractor 40,000 Product: Meal Pre-Ordering System Design internally, implement with Subcontractor 60,000 Product: Waiter-less Ordering System Design internally, implement with Subcontractor 20,000 Marketing: Design Marketing Strategy Design internally, implement with Local Partners 15,000 International: Secure new Local Partners Travel, Present business concept, Sign Agreements 20,000 International: Support current Local Partners Travel, Contribute in Marketing potential local partners 55,000 Going Concern The report of the independent registered public accounting firm accompanying our December 31, 2022 financial statements contain an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared "assuming that we will continue as a going concern," which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f) (1) and are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLAMENTARY DATA Please see our Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. BROOQLY, INC. For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year December 31, 2022 and period ended December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and period ended December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Equity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 to F-11 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of BrooqLy Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of BrooqLy Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity (deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, generated negative cash flows from operating activities, has an accumulated deficit and has stated that substantial doubt exists about Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. April 17, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents BrooqLy Inc. Balance Sheets ASSET December 31, 2022 Audited December 31, 2021 Audited Current Assets Cash Prepaid Expenses Total Current Assets Long-term Assets Intangible Assets, net Total Long-term Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current Liabilities Accounts Payable Due to related party Total Current Liabilities Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Common stock, par value ; common shares authorized; and common shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively Common stock to be issued Additional paid in capital Subscription Receivable Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents BrooqLy Inc. Statements of Operations YEAR ENDED PERIOD ENDED from February 19, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Audited Audited Revenue Total Revenue Operating expenses Professional fees Other general and administrative costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other Income Other Income (expense) net Net loss before income tax Provision for income taxes (benefit) Net loss Net Loss Per Common Stock - basic and fully diluted Weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding - basic and fully diluted F-4 Table of Contents BrooqLy Inc. Statements of Cash Flows YEAR ENDED PERIOD ENDED from February 19, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Audited December 31, 2021 Audited Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Amortization Shares Issued for Services Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts Payable Prepaid expenses Due to related party Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Software Net cash used in investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Shares issued for cash Shares to be issued for cash Net cash provided by financing activities Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash Net Change in Cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Transactions Reversal of Warrants The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents BrooqLy Inc. Statement of the Changes in Stockholder's Equity (Deficit) Common Stock Additional Total Stockholders Shares Amount Shares to be Issued Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Subscription Receivable Equity (Deficit) Balance, January 1, 2022 Shares issued for cash Shares issued for services Shares to be issued Reversal of Warrants Net loss Balance, December 31, 2022 Common Stock Additional Total Stockholders Shares Amount Shares to be Issued Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Subscription Receivable Equity (Deficit) Balance, February 19, 2021 (Inception) - Shares issued for cash Shares issued for services Shares to be issued Subscription Receivable Net loss Balance, December 31, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents BROOQLY, INC Notes to the Financial Statements Accounting Basis Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Intangible Assets years. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Income Taxes F-7 Table of Contents Stock-Based Compensation Basic Income (Loss) Per Share Recent Accounting Pronouncements Foreign Currency Translation F-8 Table of Contents . As of December 31, 2021, the Company overstated additional paid in capital and interest expense in the amount of . The Company recorded an adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the amount of to additional paid in capital and interest expense in the Company s statements of operations. Although the Company revised the financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2021, based on an analysis of ASC 250 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections , Staff Accounting Bulletin 99 Materiality and Staff Accounting Bulletin 108 Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements , the Company has determined that these errors were not material to the previously issued financial statements. Any corrections from the 2021 period that were made in the year ended December 31, 2022 were not material. in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company currently does not have sufficient working capital but is continuing its efforts to establish additional markets for sources of revenues to cover operating costs Until we generate material operating revenues, the Company will require additional debt or equity funding to continue its operations, however, there is no assurances that the Company will conduct such offering or that it will raise sufficient funding to continue its operations. Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position itself so that it may be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. If the company is unable to raise additional funds, there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. years Less: accumulated amortization On April 20, 2021, the company entered into an agreement with Nikolaos Stratigakis to develop our online platform for a value of Euro in cash and shares of restricted common shares at the stated value of per share equal to the value of . Then on July 1, 2022, the Company entered into a second agreement for a value of Euro and shares of restricted common shares at the stated value of per share equal to the value of . The total value of was amortized over its useful life of years. Intangible assets are measured initially at cost. After initial recognition, an entity usually measures an intangible asset at cost less accumulated amortization. F-9 Table of Contents and to our CEO, Mr. Panagiotis N. Lazaretos, and to our CFO Mrs. Helen V. Maridakis and and to our COO, Mr. Nikolaos Ioannou as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. , par value shares of common stock authorized. On December 31, 2022, there were common shares issued and outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for cash proceeds of with subscription receivables of and shares of common stock for services rendered of . On February 25, 2022, the Company cancelled in common shares and warrants issued to an accredited investor. The Company had entered into a subscription agreement on December 31, 2021, whereby the investor agreed to purchase up to shares of common stock and in warrants at per share. . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for cash proceeds of , of which shares of common stock, for cash proceeds of , were from the exercise of warrants. The Company has also received cash proceeds of for shares to be issued. Additionally, the Company issued common stocks for services at a value of as of December 31, 2022. Warrants From September 17, 2021, to December 31, 2021, the Company sold Common Stock Shares to accredited investors at a price of per share or an aggregate of , which subscription also included 1 Common Stock Purchase Warrant for each Common Stock Share Purchased, exercisable at ten (10) cents per share 0.10). Upon FINRA granting a trading symbol to the Company for quotation on the OTC Markets OTCQB, the Warrant Exercise Price will then be calculated at a discount to the 7-day average price for that 7-day period preceding exercise of the Warrant. The Warrant Exercisable Period is 5 years from the date of the Subscriber subscribing to the Shares. Under ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity the management has determined that these warrants are freestanding instruments issued by the Company to a shareholder giving them the right to purchases additional equity shares, thereby they are classified as equity. The warrants meet the underling factors that determine if they fall under the scope of ASC 480-10 to be classified as equity. The share purchase warrants are classified as equity instruments because a fixed amount of cash is exchanged for a fixed amount of equity. Changes in Equity For the year beginning January 1, 2022, the Company had a shareholders equity balance of . With the cancellation of common stock and warrants for a value of and the sale of shares of common stock for a value of , the issuance of shares of common stock for services, a value of , the shares to be issued for a value of , and the net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022, the ending balance in Stockholders Deficit is as of December 31, 2022. F-10 Table of Contents . With the sale of shares of common stock for a value of , the issuance of shares of common stock for services, a value of , the shares to be issued for a value of , the subscription receivables of , and the net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2021, the ending balance in equity is as of December 31, 2021. Less: valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset The Company had federal net operating loss carry forwards for tax purposes of approximately on December 31, 2021, and approximately on December 31, 2022, which may be available to offset future taxable income. Utilization of the net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to substantial annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations provided by Section 381 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating loss carry forwards before utilization. F-11 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were ineffective such that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent nor detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on the results of this assessment, management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were ineffective as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company has no formal control process related to the identification of related party transactions at this point in time. Management s assessment was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and as such, no attestation was performed pursuant to SEC Final Rule Release Nos. 33-8934; 34-58028 that permit the Company to provide only management s assessment report for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Due to a control failure with respect to the financial closing process, our independent auditors identified multiple adjusting journal entries as part of their current year audit procedures. The financial closing process will be improved going forward to address any weaknesses. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred in our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 that has materially adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to materially adversely affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 16 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE All directors of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified, or until their death, resignation, or removal. The executive officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation, or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration of such, are as follows: Name Position Held with Our Company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Panagiotis Lazaretos CEO/Director 50 February 19, 2021 Helen V. Maridakis CFO/Director 61 February 19, 2021 Nikolaos Ioannou COO/Director 45 February 19, 2021 Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience of directors and executive officers during at least the past five years, indicating their principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which they were employed: Panagiotis N. Lazaretos has been a member of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer since February 19, 2021. Since November 2019 he also serves as a Board Director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee of SPAR Group, Inc (NASDAQ: SGRP) a Field Sales and Marketing Services company. Since February 2017, Mr. Lazaretos has been the Founder and Managing Partner of THENABLERS, Ltd, an International Business Development Services provider. Prior to that and from July 2013 until November 2016, Mr. Lazaretos served as the EEMENA Director Field Sales Marketing Services for Adecco Group, the industry Leader in Human Resources. He holds a BS in Computer Science from SUNY New Paltz and has attended MBA courses in Information Technology classes at PACE University Dr. Nikolaos Ioannou has been a member of our Board of Directors and Chief Operating Officer since February 19, 2021. He is also the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Delivery.gr, a Greek market s Online Food Grocery Ordering sector. Mr. Ioannou was also a lecturer at University of Patras, Greece, and doctoral researcher at NCSR Democritus. He has 15 years entrepreneurial experience in Technology companies. Dr Ioannou holds a B.Sc. in Physics, an MSc on Information Technology and Computing and a PhD on Microelectronics NCSR Democritus. Helen V. Maridakis has been a member of our Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer since February 19, 2021. She is also the founder and Managing Partner of Vardalos Associates, Inc, an international business consulting and accounting firm since March 2006. Previously, she was employed with Nicholas G. Vardalos CPAs from October 1995 where she was responsible for providing financial and tax advice to the company s business clients. She has over 30 years of financial consulting, accounting, and entrepreneurial experience. Mrs. Maridakis holds a BSc Degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois at Chicago as of March 1983 and an MBA in Information Technology from the Group Ecole de Sup rieure de Commerce et de Management at Athens, Greece from June 2004. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between us and any director or executive officer. Significant Employees There are no significant employees. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None 17 Table of Contents None of our directors and executive officers has been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: a) any petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws filed by or against, or an appointment of a receiver, fiscal agent, or similar officer by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which such person was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which such person was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing, b) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences), c) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; engaging in any type of business practice; or (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodities laws, d) being the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (c)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity, e) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Securities and Exchange Commission has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated, f) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, g) being the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity, or h) being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity, or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Code of Ethics We have not yet adopted a formal code of ethics within the meaning of Item 406 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act. 18 Table of Contents Committees of Board of Directors Audit We do not have an audit committee that provides independent review and oversight of a company s financial reporting processes, internal controls, and independent auditors. Our Board of Directors, as a whole, will act as our Audit Committee. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Governance We do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for our stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to our board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our board of directors assesses all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment. Compensation Our board of directors is responsible for determining compensation for the directors of our company to ensure it reflects the responsibilities and risks of being a director of a public company. Other Board Committees We have no committees on our board of directors. Corporate Governance General Our board of directors believes that good corporate governance improves corporate performance and benefits all stockholders. Compensation Our board of directors is responsible for determining compensation for the directors of our company to ensure it reflects the responsibilities and risks of being a director of a public company. Other Board Committees We do not have an audit committee that provides independent review and oversight of a company s financial reporting processes, internal controls, and independent auditors. A stockholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request to the address appearing on the first page of this annual report. Director Independence We are not currently listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, which requires independent directors. In evaluating the independence of our members and the composition of the committees of our board of directors, we utilize the definition of independence as that term is defined by applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and Securities and Exchange Commission rules, including the rules relating to the independence standards of an audit committee and the non-employee director definition of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. According to the Nasdaq definition, we believe that none of our directors are independent. Our board of directors expects to continue to evaluate its independence standards and whether and to what extent the composition of our board of directors and its committees meets those standards. We ultimately intend to appoint such persons to our board and committees of our board as are expected to be required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by a national securities exchange. Therefore, we intend that a majority of our directors will be independent directors of which at least one director will qualify as an audit committee financial expert, within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The table below summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer during the year ended December 31,2022 and December 31, 2021. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Panagiotis Lazaretos 2022 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Helen V. Maridakis 2022 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nikolaos Ioannou 2022 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil ___________ We were incorporated on February 19, 2021; as such, we have only 2021 and 2022 representing executive compensation. There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. During this year and last year, neither our Chief Executive Officer nor Chief Financial Officer or Chief Operating Officer has been paid a salary or any other compensation. Stock Option Plan Currently, we do not have a stock option plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant, or employee of our company. Option Grants We have not granted any options or stock appreciation rights to our named executive officers or directors since inception. We do not have any stock option plans. Compensation of Directors We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, and we have not paid any compensation to our directors. Independent Directors We have determined that none of our directors are independent directors, as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 20 Table of Contents Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Compensation, Nominating, and Audit Committees We do not currently have compensation, nominating, or audit committees. Our board of directors, as a whole, performs the functions of these committees. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following tables set forth as of the date of this filing, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our capital stock, including our common stock: Each stockholder known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of any class of our outstanding stock, Each director, Each named executive officer, All our executive officers and directors as a group, and Each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of our outstanding stock. Except as noted below, to our knowledge, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock beneficially owned by them. At present, our beneficial ownership consists of 20,000,000 shares or 88.16 of issued and outstanding common stock. The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities and by our current executive officers and directors as a group. Common Stock Shares Name of Beneficial Owner (1) Common Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Total Common Panagiotis Lazaretos (CEO/Director) 9,000,000 Officer and Director 39.85 Helen V. Maridakis (CFO/Director) 2,000,000 Officer and Director 8.86 Nikolaos Ioannou (COO/Director) 9,000,000 Officer and Director 39.85 Total 88.5 6 ____________ (1) Each of the beneficial owners have held the officer/director positions indicated above since February 19, 2021. 21 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Other than as disclosed below, there has been no transaction, or currently proposed transaction, in which our company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 5,000, being the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of our total assets and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: a) any director or executive officer of our company, b) any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, c) any person who acquired control of our company when it was a shell company or any person that is part of a group, consisting of two or more persons that agreed to act together for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing of our common stock, which acquired control of our company when it was a shell company, and d) any member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws) of any of the foregoing persons. The offices are leased by our CFO s company Nicholas G. Vardalos Company LLP and 150 square feet of that is subleased to us. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Audit Fees Audit fees and related accounting fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 36,000. All Other Fees None 22 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.XSD Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith 23 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. By: /s/ Panagiotis N. Lazaretos Panagiotis N. Lazaretos Chief Executive Officer Principle Executive Officer By: /s/ Helen V. Maridakis Helen V. Maridakis Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer Principle Financial Officer Dated: April 17, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: By: /s/ Panagiotis N. Lazaretos Panagiotis N. Lazaretos Director By: /s/ Helen V. Maridakis Helen V. Maridakis Director By: /s/ Nikolaos Ioannou Nikolaos Ioannou Director Dated: April 17, 2023 24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brooqly_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 brooqly_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF BROOQLY, INC. I, Panagiotis N. Lazaretos, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of BrooqLy, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Panagiotis N. Lazaretos Panagiotis N. Lazaretos (Principal Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brooqly_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 brooqly_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER/PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER OF BROOQLY, INC. I, Helen V. Maridakis, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of BrooqLy, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Helen V. Maridakis Helen V. Maridakis (Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brooqly_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 brooqly_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF BROOQLY, INC. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of BrooqLy, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned, Panagiotis N. Lazaretos, Principal Executive Officer/Chief Executive Officer of BrooqLy, Inc., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of BrooqLy, Inc. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Panagiotis N. Lazaretos Panagiotis N. Lazaretos (Principal Executive Officer Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 brooqly_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 brooqly_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER/PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER OF BROOQLY INC. In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of BrooqLy, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, the undersigned, Helen V. Maridakis, Chief Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer of BrooqLy, Inc., does hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of BrooqLy, Inc. Date: April 17, 2023 /s/ Helen V. Maridakis Helen V. Maridakis Chief Financial Officer (Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 brooqly-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 brooqly-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 brooqly-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 brooqly-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

