<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1611747_0001213900-23-030228.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12997520</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>606127</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7854366</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1929330</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1262332</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1150603</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030228.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417160618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030228
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611747
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L3
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37353
		FILM NUMBER:		23824012

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		JERUSALEM BIOPARK, 2ND FLOOR
		STREET 2:		HADASSAH EIN KEREM CAMPUS
		CITY:			JERUSALEM
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-8-9302529

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		JERUSALEM BIOPARK, 2ND FLOOR
		STREET 2:		HADASSAH EIN KEREM CAMPUS
		CITY:			JERUSALEM
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030228.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_biondvax.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from __________________ to __________________ 

Commission
File Number : 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Not applicable (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(+972) 8-930-2531 (facsimile) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Ordinary Shares, no par value Nasdaq Capital Market 

Not
 for trading; only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to submit and post such
files. No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., computed by reference to
the closing price 11.65) at which the American Depositary Shares were last sold on the Nasdaq Capital Market, as of the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022), was approximately million. BiondVax
Pharmaceuticals Ltd has no non-voting common equity. For purpose of this calculation only, this amount excludes ordinary shares and American
Depositary Shares held by directors and executive officers and by each person who owns or may be deemed to own 10 or more of the registrant s
common equity at June 30, 2022. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

N/A 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS. 
 1 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS. 
 20 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS. 
 60 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 
 60 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 
 60 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 60 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 61 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 62 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 
 62 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 67 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 67 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 67 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 
 67 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 
 68 

ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 68 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 69 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 
 81 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 85 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 88 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 89 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 90 

i 

Introductory
Comments 

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the
terms we, us, our, the Company, our Company, BVXV 
refers to BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., an Israeli company. As of April 4, 2023, the Company does not have any subsidiaries. 

Effective
November 25, 2022, we effected a ratio change of the American Depositary Shares (ADSs) to our non-traded ordinary shares from the current
ratio of one (1) ADS representing forty (40) ordinary shares to a new ratio of one (1) ADS representing four hundred (400) ordinary shares.
The ratio change had the same effect as a reverse split of the existing ADSs of one (1) new ADS for every ten (10) old ADSs. Unless otherwise
indicated, ADSs and per ADS amount in this annual report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the changes in ratio for all periods
presented. 

ii 

PART
I 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by terms such as may, will, should, 
 could, would, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, projects, predicts, potential and similar expressions intended to
identify forward-looking statements. 

These
forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements, expressed or implied, by such forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent
our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise required by law, we expressly
disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any
of our forward-looking statements are based. Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our future financial and other
results include those discussed in the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as those
discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS . 

History 

Our
legal and commercial name is BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. We are a company limited by shares organized under the laws of Israel. We
were incorporated in Israel in 2003 as a privately held company. In February 2007, we completed an initial public offering of our ordinary
shares on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE), and we voluntarily delisted from the TASE in January 2018. In May 2015 we completed an
initial public offering of ADSs and ADSs warrants (which have since expired) on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at Jerusalem BioPark, 2 nd floor, Hadassah Ein Kerem Campus, Jerusalem, Israel, and
our telephone number is +972-8-930-2529. Our website is www.biondvax.com. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website
is not incorporated by reference herein and shall not be considered part of this annual report. Our agent for service of process in the
United States is Puglisi Associates, whose address is 850 Library Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, Delaware, and whose telephone number
is (302) 738-6680. 

Our
capital expenditures for 2022 and 2021 amounted to 836, and 139 thousand, respectively. These expenditures were primarily for factory
leasehold improvements, computers and laboratory equipment. 

Our
Company 

BiondVax
Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Nasdaq: BVXV) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing innovative
immunotherapeutic products primarily for the treatment of infectious and autoimmune diseases. Since its inception, the Company has
executed eight clinical trials including a seven country, 12,400 participant phase 3 trial of its prior lead drug candidate, a universal
influenza vaccine candidate M-001 ), and has built a GMP biologics manufacturing facility for biopharmaceutical products.
While M-001 did not meet its clinical endpoints and is no longer under development, the Company has developed a highly experienced pharmaceutical
industry leadership team and built its own fully equipped biotechnology drug manufacturing site. After receiving the phase 3 trial results
in Q3 2020, the Company performed a turnaround process, raised capital, hired new talent (including a new CEO) and in-licensed new intellectual
property, and is in the process of developing a pipeline of diversified and commercially viable products built around an innovative nanosized
antibody (NanoAb) platform collaboration. NanoAbs are nanosized antibodies derived from camelid animals and are also known as VHH-antibodies
or Nanobodies. Nanobody is a trademark registered by ABLYNX N.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi. BiondVax has no
affiliation with and is not endorsed by Sanofi. 

As
part of the abovementioned turnaround, on December 22, 2021, the Company signed a definitive exclusive, worldwide, License Agreement LA with the Max Planck Society MPG ), the parent organization of the Max Planck Institute for Multidisciplinary
Sciences, and the University Medical Center G ttingen UMG ), both in Gottingen, Germany, for the development and commercialization
of innovative NanoAbs for the treatment of COVID-19. The agreement provides for an upfront payment, development and sales milestones
and royalties based on sales and sharing of sublicense revenues. In addition, the Company signed an accompanying Research Collaboration
Agreement aRCA with MPG and UMG in support of the abovementioned development of a COVID-19 NanoAb. The aRCA provides
for monthly payments to MPG and UMG and has a term until the earlier of two years or the date the Company enters into first in-human
clinical trials with the COVID-19 NanoAb. 

1 

On
March 23, 2022, we signed a five-year Research Collaboration Agreement RCA collectively, with the LA and aRCA, the MPG/UMG
Agreements with MPG and UMG covering the discovery, selection and characterization of NanoAbs for up to nine molecular targets
that have the potential to be further developed into drug candidates for the treatment of disease indications such as psoriasis, psoriatic
arthritis, asthma and wet macular degeneration. These are all large and growing markets with underserved medical needs. In each case,
the molecular target has been validated as an appropriate target for therapeutic intervention through inhibition by an antibody, thereby
significantly reducing the discovery work that typically entails many years of research, high cost and high risk of failure. We believe
that we can leverage our NanoAbs unique and strong binding affinity, stability at high temperatures, and potential for more effective
and convenient routes of administration towards competitive commercial viability. We believe that since these are clinical validated
targets, we can develop NanoAb treatments with reduced risk and cost, and accelerate the time from NanoAb selection to initiation of
clinical development. Each NanoAb candidate is therefore positioned as a biobetter piggybacking on prior discoveries of
others to mitigate risk but with significant potential advantages over existing therapeutics. In addition, each NanoAb constitutes a
novel molecule for which we file patent applications thereby creating a proprietary position. BiondVax has the exclusive option for an
exclusive, pre-negotiated worldwide license agreement for the development and commercialization of each of the NanoAbs covered by the
RCA with MPG and UMG. 

Our
Strategy 

Beginning
with the MPG/UMG Agreements, the Company intends to implement a strategy that will build a diversified pipeline of assets along several
axes, as follows: 

a
pipeline of products for prevention and/or treatment of illnesses with large market opportunities for more effective treatments 

Each
product candidate originated through the MPG/UMG Agreements would be designed to interact with a target previously validated as an appropriate
target for therapeutic intervention by an antibody already on the market. 

Each
therapeutic indication nevertheless is underserved by existing antibody treatments and a large market opportunity exists for a proprietary
NanoAb with improved attributes. 

a
pipeline that would take advantage of the unique physicochemical attributes of our NanoAbs, including: 

Nano
 size and physical stability our NanoAbs are approximately 1/10 th the size
 of regular antibodies and have a durable molecular structure. This allows them to be delivered
 through routes of administration (e.g., intra-dermal, nasal, inhalation, etc.) not particularly
 amenable to regular antibodies, which are too large and/or easily break down under pressure,
 opening new or enlarged market opportunities for our NanoAbs. 

Ultra
high thermo-stability our NanoAbs retain biological activity even at high temperatures. This provides extended shelf life and
reduces the need for cold chain shipping and storage. 

Extremely
high binding affinity to the target with effective neutralization. Binding affinity is the likelihood that a drug molecule (e.g., a single
NanoAb) will find, and attach to its designated target (e.g., a single COVID-19 virus) thereby contributing to therapeutically relevant
neutralization of the target. Our COVID-19 NanoAb, for example, has demonstrated binding affinity and neutralization at doses anywhere
from 100 to 1000 times lower than the publicly reported doses of other antibodies. This could translate to faster onset of medical efficacy
or in some cases it may translate to lower required human dosage compared to other antibodies. That said, this should be demonstrated
in clinical trials. 

High
 specificity - Our NanoAbs have high specificity to their intended target, and therefore fewer
 of them are expected to bind to targets other than the designated target, resulting in fewer
 side effects, . Furthermore, and because of their relatively short half-life, any NanoAbs,
 that do not bind to a target are expected to be quickly degraded or excreted from the body,
 thus also limiting future adverse effects. 

2 

a
pipeline of products that can progress through the discovery stage and enter the clinic relatively quickly compared to traditional monoclonal
antibody drug discovery. 

Traditional
 monoclonal antibody drug discovery entails years of research identifying and validating a
 target, identifying the appropriate type of molecule to interact with that target, validating
 that the mechanism of action can produce a therapeutically relevant benefit with a satisfactory
 safety profile and that the drug can be produced at an acceptable cost of goods. 

Together
 with an international management consulting firm, we have triaged through more than 800 potential
 molecular targets for our NanoAbs and selected those that had already been validated as targets
 for commercially available monoclonal antibodies. Furthermore, we filtered for targets for
 disease treatments that still leave a large unmet need or a large, underserved patient population.
 We then selected those targets that we believe have the highest commercial value but lowest
 clinical development costs (small sized clinical trials with fastest timeline to in human
 proof of concept). 

Our
 collaborators at MPG/UMG have been able to generate large libraries of NanoAbs against most
 of our pre-validated targets within the first 12 months of the collaboration and in many
 cases have selected from those libraries a small portfolio of candidates that meet or are
 close to meetinga set of pre-agreed Compound Acceptance Criteria, which we have agreed make
 them potentially appropriate for further development. 

As
 a consequence, over the next 12 to 24 months, subject to having sufficient capital, we believe
 we will be in a position to execute our exclusive option for exclusive license for development
 and commercialization of several of the abovementioned nanoAbs and advance them, in addition
 to our COVID-19 NanoAb, through remaining pre-clinical development and , subject to available
 capital resources, an updated analysis of market opportunities, partner interest and other
 relevant factors determined at the time, potentially initiate first in human clinical trials,
 all in a time frame we believe to be much quicker, at a cost much lower, and with fewer unknowns/less
 risk than traditional monoclonal antibodies drug discovery at the same stage of development. 

A
pipeline of products that can be developed through the various Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls steps (CMC) and then be produced
for clinical development and potentially initial commercial volumes required for product launch at a low cost of goods at our existing
manufacturing facility in Jerusalem, built to GMP specifications. 

Our
NanoAbs are produced in yeast, a relatively low cost and rapid production system compared to the manufacture of regular antibodies. Regular
antibodies are produced in mammalian cell lines that take considerable time to establish, require a much more sophisticated production
facility, have lower yields and involve more expensive processing to harvest and purify the ultimate drug substance. 

Our
facility in Jerusalem is equipped to take the candidates generated by MPG/UMG and immediately begin development of NanoAbs for pre-clinical
testing and ultimately produce clinical grade NanoAbs. 

By
conducting these activities in-house, we will be in a position to avoid the delays and high costs typically associated with third party
contract manufacturers and have more direct control over the process. 

If
successfully implemented, this strategy would provide BiondVax with a diverse multi-dimensional pipeline that we believe has been substantially
de-risked without necessarily limiting the upside potential. We would also expect to have considerable flexibility regarding partnering
with other companies in the pharmaceutical industry, out-licensing, joint ventures and the like. The Company is currently actively engaged
in identifying and evaluating many of these opportunities. Notwithstanding the Company s efforts to mitigate the risk associated
with the development of our NanoAbs, there remains significant risk of failure, as described below under Risks Related to Our
Business , associated with product development, manufacturing, regulatory matters, capital availability, commercialization, and
other factors relevant to small companies, such as the Company, engaged in early stage pharmaceutical development activities. 

3 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
believe that our people, process and technology give us distinct advantages over our competitors, as follows: 

People :
Our leadership team has deep biotech and pharmaceutical industry experience, including our Chairman of the Board Mark Germain former
Co-Chairman of Pluri (previously Pluristem Therapeutics), and a co-founder and former director of a number of other biotechnology companies
including, without limitation, Alexion, Neurocrine, ChromaDex Inc., Stem Cell Innovations Inc., Omnimmune Corp. and Collexis Holdings
Inc.), Board director Samuel Moed (former Senior VP Corporate Strategy at Bristol Myers Squibb), Board director Jay Green (former Senior
VP Finance and CFO of GSK s global vaccines business) and COO Elad Mark (formerly employed by Novartis). Our CEO, Amir Reichman,
has extensive vaccines R D, supply chain, manufacturing, and engineering experience from Novartis in the U.S. and GSK in Europe.
Furthermore, our Chief Science Officer, Dr. Tamar Ben-Yedidia, oversaw M-001 development from early research at the Weizmann Institute
through the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial. Dr. Ben-Yedidia conducted her preliminary research in the 1990 s under the guidance
of Professor Ruth Arnon. Professor Arnon continues to serve as head of BiondVax s Scientific Advisory Board. 

Process :
After years of experience, BiondVax has developed a mature set of business processes including pre-clinical and clinical development,
regulatory, quality and GMP manufacturing processes. These processes can help us accelerate time to market for future in-licensed assets
and hence provide us with a competitive value proposition versus other companies our size. In the past, we conducted a pivotal Phase
3 trial in over 100 clinical trial sites in seven Eastern European countries, subject to, among others, the regulation of the European
Medicines Agency (EMA). The trial was completed on time and on budget. Our Phase 3 clinical trial was initiated after we completed two
Phase 1/2 clinical trials and three Phase 2 clinical trials in Israel pursuant to clinical trial protocols approved by the Israeli Ministry
of Health, a Phase 2b clinical trial in Europe, and a Phase 2 clinical trial sponsored and conducted by the NIH/NIAID in the USA. 

Technology :
Our existing and advanced GMP manufacturing facility in Jerusalem uses an agile and modular Single Use infrastructure that
can be used for a wide variety of applications and technologies, such as the production of recombinant proteins, nanobodies and other
vaccines and treatments. In addition, we have advanced automation, data management and IT systems necessary for regulatory compliant
clinical development, clinical supplies and commercial supplies. 

Marketing
and Sales 

We
do not currently have any pharmaceutical product marketing or sales capabilities. We intend to license to, or enter into strategic alliances,
with third parties in the pharmaceutical business, which are equipped to market and/or sell any products that we acquire or develop in
the future. We may seek to establish such capabilities internally in the future, if and when appropriate, in addition to any such licensing
arrangements or strategic alliances. 

Competition 

Generally,
our competitors include large, fully integrated pharmaceutical companies as well as companies and academic research institutes in various
developmental stages attempting to develop (i) COVID-19 antibody therapeutics (such as Invivyd (formerly Adagio Therapeutics), Vir Biotechnology,
and ExeVir) as well as (ii) other products for the prevention and treatment of disease targets that are the subject of our broader agreement
with MPG and UMG, including MoonLake Immunotherapeutics AG for the development of antibodies against psoriasis 

Manufacturing 

We
built, own, and operate a biologics manufacturing facility in Jerusalem, which is capable of manufacturing GMP-compliant product candidates
for use in either clinical trials or for small to medium scale commercial supply. We have manufactured the COVID-19 NanoAbs for our preclinical
in vivo study in our facility, and although we currently anticipate using our facility for future manufacturing of product candidates,
we may also rely on a third party CMO. 

4 

Finance
Contract with European Investment Bank 

We
borrowed 24 million Euro under a finance contract (the Finance Contract with the European Investment Bank (the EIB ),
to finance a portion of the cost of developing our previous leading drug candidate M-001and our GMP biologics manufacturing facility.
As part of the Finance Contract, we also entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement ), whereby we created
a first ranking floating charge in favor of EIB over substantially all of our assets (other than certain licensed intellectual property
related to our former M-001 program). 

On
August 10, 2022, we announced the successful conclusion of negotiations and formal approval by the EIB of new terms of its outstanding
 24 million loan (the Loan to BiondVax, including: 

Loan
extension: An extension of the maturity dates from 2023 20 million) and 2024 4 million) until December 2027. 

Interest
 accrual: Although the Loan has been outstanding since 2018, interest on the Loan will only begin to accrue starting January
 1, 2022, at an annual rate of 7 . The interest payments will be deferred until the new maturity date and will be added to the principal
 balance at the end of each year during the Loan period. 

Principal
 repayment: 900,000 was paid by BiondVax shortly after the execution of the relevant amendment letter with the EIB and was
 applied to reduce the outstanding Loan. An additional approximately 725,000 was paid during February, 2023 in connection with the
 financing completed in December 2022 and going forward 10 of any capital raises until maturity will be used to further repay the
 Loan principal including any outstanding accrued interest. 

Variable
 remuneration to the EIB: Once BiondVax s commercial sales exceed 5 million, 3 of BiondVax s topline revenues will
 be paid to the EIB as royalties until the EIB receives (from the Loan repayment, inter alia the interest and the
 royalties) the higher of (i) a total of 2.8 times the original 24 million principal (as provided in the original Loan agreement)
 and (ii) 20 IRR on the principal calculated from January 1, 2022. 

Prepayment
 indemnity: In case BiondVax decides to discharge all liabilities under the Finance Contract, inter alia, payments
 of the variable remuneration, BiondVax would need to repay to the EIB an indemnity amount in addition to the Loan principal and the
 accrued interest. The indemnity will be calculated such that the EIB receives an additional payment equal to the greater of (i) the
 prepayment amount (i.e. twice the prepayment amount in the aggregate) and (ii) the amount required to realize 20 IRR on the prepayment
 amount at the time of prepayment. 

Recent
Developments 

On
September 20, 2022, we announced that MPG and UMG have successfully generated, identified and isolated NanoAbs addressing a number
of additional biological target molecules as specified in the RCA. Based on these promising results, the BiondVax-MPG-UMG Joint
Steering Committee, established to guide the RCA programs, decided to focus further development beginning with the following NanoAbs,
targeting immune system cytokines: 

NanoAbs
 targeting IL-17A, IL-17F and IL-17A/F complex as drug candidates for the potential treatment
 of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. 

NanoAbs
 targeting IL-13 and NanoAbs targeting TSLP as drug candidates for the potential treatment
 of asthma. 

These
new NanoAbs are in addition to our NanoAb program for the treatment and prophylactic prevention of COVID-19 

5 

In
our NanoAb program for COVID-19: 

Technology
 transfer of several COVID19 potential lead drug candidates has been conducted and included
 manufacturing process development and analytical methods development, and initial manufacturing
 has been commenced. 

We
 have partnered with two world-renowned institutes to conduct a preclinical proof-of-concept in
 vivo study of the COVID-19 NanoAb targeting the Wuhan strain as a proof-of-concept study
 of a NanoAb as an inhaled therapy in COVID-19 infected animals: The Fraunhofer Institute
 for Toxicology and Experimental Medicine (ITEM) and The University of Veterinary Medicine
 Hannover (TiHo), Germany. The trial commenced in Q4 2022 and used an industry-standard animal
 model that correlates severity of disease with weight loss. The trial we conducted compared
 weight loss, among other vitality and illness parameters in four groups of hamsters after
 infection with SARS-COV-2. The experimental groups were treated with our anti-COVID-19 NanoAb,
 as an inhaled therapy, in descending doses, starting one day after being infected, while
 the control group was treated in the same manner but with saline serving as a placebo. On
 November 29, 2022, we reported results from our high dose experimental group in comparison
 to the control group and showed that, compared to their weight immediately prior to infection,
 the control group s weight declined on average 12.01 , considered to be indicative
 of severe disease, while the weight of the high dose experimental group, which was administered
 BiondVax s NanoAb through inhalation, declined on average only 3.80 , a highly statistically
 significant result (p 

On
 January 23, 2023, we announced additional results from the preclinical in vivo proof-of-concept
 study, this time testing a prophylactic use of our anti-COVID19 NanoAbs in prevention of
 COVID19 disease. The study compared weight loss in two groups of hamsters. Hamsters administered
 a mid-sized dose of the NanoAb three hours prior to infection experienced no significant
 weight loss over the six-day trial, whereas the untreated control group s weight declined
 12 on average, a highly statistically significant difference (p 

We received supportive
Scientific Advice for our COVID-19 NanoAb development plans from the Paul Ehrlich Institute (PEI), an agency of the German Federal
Ministry of Health whose research and control activities promote the quality, efficacy and safety of biological medicinal products. PEI
supported BiondVax s plan for first-in-human clinical trial to be conducted directly in sick patients as a combined Phase 1/2a,
testing both safety and efficacy, thereby shortening our potential clinical development timelines. BiondVax is currently evaluating plans
to commence this trial while it monitors the ongoing evolution of the COVID-19 virus and variants of concern VoC around
the world. In the past few months major shifts in predominant VoC have occurred rapidly and continuation of this pace could make it difficult
to utilize the results of the Phase 1/2a trial in a subsequent pivotal trial in case the predominant VoC is different than the VoC predominant
during the Phase 1/2a trial. Although, as previously communicated, BiondVax holds NanoAbs that cover all known VoCs, MPI and UMG are working
as part of the accompanying Research Collaboration on discovery and selection of a single NanoAb, aimed at neutralizing all current VoCs. 

As mentioned above, as
part of the five-year Research Collaboration Agreement, MPI and UMG have been able to discover and characterize additional NanoAbs aimed
at molecular targets pre-defined by BiondVax with first being an anti-IL-17 NanoAb that is planned for treatment of psoriasis (but not
limited to) additional NanoAbs targeting IL-13 and TSLP, for the treatment of asthma, might reach their acceptance criteria to trigger
our exclusive option for exclusive license for development and commercialization worldwide. Given the limited resources of the Company
and the availability of additional NanoAbs targeting different indications to license from MPG and UMG, the Company deems it prudent to
advance its pipeline while continuing to monitor the evolution of the COVID-19 virus. 

On
December 20, 2022, we announced the closing of an 8 million underwritten public offering. 

6 

Government
Regulation and Incentives 

Regulation 

United
States 

FDA
Regulations 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceuticals and biologics under the Food, Drug Cosmetics Act, and the Public Health Service
Act, and their implementing regulations. These products are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations,
including federal and state consumer protection laws, laws protecting the privacy of health-related information, and laws prohibiting
unfair and deceptive acts and trade practices. 

The
process required by the FDA before a new drug product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: completion
of extensive preclinical laboratory tests and preclinical animal studies, all performed in accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory
Practice, or GLP, regulations; submission to the FDA of an IND application, which must allow become effective before human clinical trials
may begin and must be updated annually; performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and
efficacy of the product candidate for each proposed indication; and submission to the FDA of a new drug application NDA for a drug, and Biologic License Application (BLA) for biological product, after completion of all pivotal clinical trials. 

An
IND application, while technically a request for a Federal approval to transport or distribute a drug across state lines, is, in effect,
a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. In the future, we may consider submitting
an IND application to the FDA for initiating clinical trials or, if required, to conduct a bridging clinical study to allow licensure
of a vaccine or other Company product candidate in the U.S. 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance
with current Good Clinical Practices, or GCP, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent
for their participation in any clinical trial. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted
to the FDA as part of the IND. Additionally, approval must also be obtained from each clinical trial site s IRB, before the trials
may be initiated, and the IRB must monitor the trial until completed. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing
clinical trials and clinical trial results to public registries. 

Generally,
three phases of clinical trials are conducted prior to receiving regulatory marketing approval: Phase 1 clinical trials are normally
conducted in small groups of healthy volunteers to assess safety and find the potential dosing range. After a safe dose has been established,
the drug is administered to small populations of eligible participants (Phase 2) to look for initial signs of efficacy in treating the
targeted disease or condition and to continue to assess safety. In the case of vaccines, the participants are healthy, and the signs
of efficacy can be obtained in early Phase 1, therefore this Phase is defined as Phase 1/2. Phase 3 clinical trials are usually multi-center,
double-blind controlled trials in hundreds or even thousands of subjects at various sites to assess as fully as possible both the safety
and effectiveness of the drug. 

The
FDA, the IRB, or the clinical trial sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding
that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent
group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group
reviews unblinded data from clinical trials and provides authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check
points based on access to certain data from the trial. We may also suspend or terminate a clinical trial based on evolving business objectives
and/or the competitive climate. 

7 

Assuming
successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed investigational drug
product information is submitted to the FDA in the form of a BLA as compared to an NDA for generally traditional small molecule drugs
requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The application includes all relevant data available from pertinent
preclinical and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information
relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, and controls and proposed labeling, among other things. Given the complexities
of manufacturing biological products that are processed from living material, BLA content must also demonstrate purity specifically in
terms of showing that the final product does not contain extra material. 

Once
the BLA submission has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review applications within 10 months of filing. However,
the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may refer the
application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The
FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it typically follows such recommendations. 

After
the FDA evaluates the BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the drug product will be formulated and where the
drug will be produced, it may issue an approval letter or, instead, a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial
marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review
cycle of the application is complete and the application is not ready for approval. A Complete Response Letter may require additional
clinical data and/or an additional Phase 3 clinical trial(s), and/or other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related
to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. Even if such additional information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide
that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. The FDA could also approve the BLA with a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy
to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted
distribution methods, participant registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things,
changes to proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct one or more post-market
studies or clinical trials. Such post-market testing may include Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to further assess and monitor
the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. 

After
regulatory approval of a drug product is obtained, the drug producer is required to comply with a number of post-approval regulations.
As a holder of an approved BLA, we would be required to report, among other things, certain adverse reactions and production problems
to the FDA, to provide updated safety and efficacy information, and to comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional
labeling for any of our products. These promotion and advertising requirements include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer
advertising, prohibitions against promoting drugs for uses in participant populations that are not described in the drug s approved
labeling (known as off-label use ), rules for conducting industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and other
promotional activities, Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or
promote such off-label uses. Failure to comply with FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including the immediate discontinuation
of marketing activities and noncomplying materials, adverse publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising
or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties. Such enforcement may also lead to scrutiny and enforcement by other
government and regulatory bodies. 

Also,
quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after approval to ensure and preserve the long-term stability
of the drug product. The FDA periodically inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP, which imposes extensive procedural,
substantive, and record keeping requirements. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and, depending
on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation
and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers
that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality
control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

8 

Future
FDA and state inspections may identify compliance issues at our facilities or at the facilities of our CMOs or licensees that may disrupt
production or distribution or require substantial resources to correct. In addition, discovery of previously unknown problems with a
product or the failure to comply with applicable requirements may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved
BLA, including withdrawal or recall of the product from the market or other voluntary, FDA-initiated or judicial action that could delay
or prohibit further marketing. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved
labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management
measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies
may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of any Company product candidates we may develop in the future. 

The
FDA also may require post-marketing testing, or Phase 4 testing, as well as risk minimization action plans and surveillance to monitor
the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could otherwise restrict the distribution or use of the product. 

Expedited
Development and Review Programs 

The
FDA has a number of programs intended to expedite the development and review of product candidates. For example, Fast Track designation
is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new biological products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new
biological products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and
demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the
product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a new biological product may request the FDA to designate
the biological product as a Fast Track product at any time during the clinical development of the product. Unique to a Fast Track product,
the FDA may consider for review sections of the marketing application on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted,
if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application
and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the
application. FDA may revoke the Fast Track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in
the clinical trial process. 

Under
the Breakthrough Therapy program, products intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may be eligible for Breakthrough
Therapy designation, which includes eligibility for the benefits of the Fast Track program, when preliminary clinical evidence demonstrates
that such product may have substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints over existing therapies. Additionally,
FDA will seek to ensure the sponsor of a breakthrough therapy product receives timely advice and interactive communications to help the
sponsor design and conduct a development program as efficiently as possible. 

A
product is eligible for priority review if it is intended to treat a serious condition and, if approved or licensed, it would provide
a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. FDA intends to take action on a priority review marketing application within six
months of receipt, compared to 10 months of receipt for regular review submissions. 

Additionally,
a product may be eligible for accelerated approval if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and
would provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments. Accelerated approval may be granted on the basis of adequate and
well-controlled clinical studies establishing that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict
a clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality and is reasonably
likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity, mortality, or other clinical benefit. As a condition of approval, the FDA may
require that a sponsor of a biological product receiving accelerated approval diligently perform adequate and well-controlled postmarketing
clinical studies demonstrating clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA requires as a condition for accelerated approval the submission
of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Fast Track designation, Breakthrough
Therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for licensure but may expedite the review process. 

9 

Pediatric
Studies and Exclusivity 

Under
the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, a BLA or supplement thereto must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness
of the biological product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration
for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. With enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety
and Innovation Act of 2012, or FDASIA, sponsors must also submit pediatric study plans prior to the assessment data. 

Those
pediatric study plans must contain an outline of the proposed pediatric study or studies the applicant plans to conduct, including study
objectives and design, any deferral or waiver requests, and other information required by regulation. The applicant, the FDA and the
FDA s internal review committee must then review the information submitted, consult with each other and agree upon a final plan.
The FDA or the applicant may request an amendment to the plan at any time. 

The
FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until
after licensure of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. Additional requirements
and procedures relating to deferral requests and requests for extension of deferrals are contained in FDASIA. Unless otherwise required
by regulation, the pediatric data requirements do not apply to products with orphan designation. 

Pediatric
exclusivity is a type of non-patent marketing exclusivity in the U.S. and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six
months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if a BLA
sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the
product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s
request, the additional protection is granted. If reports of requested pediatric studies are submitted to and accepted by the FDA within
the statutory time limits, whatever statutory or regulatory periods of exclusivity or patent protection cover the product are extended
by six months. This is not a patent term extension, but it effectively extends the regulatory period during which the FDA cannot approve
another application. 

FDA
Review of BLAs 

After
completion of the required clinical testing, a BLA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the BLA is required before marketing
of the product may begin in the U.S. The BLA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation
of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting a BLA
is substantial. The submission of most BLAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, currently 3,242,026 for BLAs
requiring clinical data for fiscal year 2023, and the manufacturer and sponsor under an approved BLA are also subject to annual program
fees, currently 393,933 for each prescription product. These fees are typically increased annually. Sponsors of applications for drugs
granted Orphan Drug Designation are exempt from these user fees. 

The
FDA has 60 days from its receipt of a BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s
threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather
than accept a BLA for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application
is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth
review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of BLAs to encourage timeliness. Applications for standard review
drug products are meant to be reviewed within ten months; applications for priority review drugs are meant to be reviewed in six. Priority
review can be applied to drugs that the FDA determines offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy
exists. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain
late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 

10 

The
FDA is required to refer an application for a novel biological product to an advisory committee or explain why such referral was not
made. An advisory committee is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts-for review, evaluation and a recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally
follows such recommendations. 

Before
approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will
inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not license the product unless compliance with
cGMPs is satisfactory, and the application meets the appropriate standard. A BLA must include data that demonstrate that the biological
product is safe, pure, and potent. 

After
the FDA evaluates the BLA and accompanying information and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete
response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific
indications. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional
testing, or information, in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the
FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such
resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. Even with submission of this additional information,
the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 

An
approval or licensure letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications.
As a condition of BLA licensure, the FDA may require a REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the biological product outweigh the
potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals and ETASU. ETASU can include, but
are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special
monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability
of the drug. Moreover, product licensure may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety
or efficacy. Once granted, product licenses may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are
identified following initial marketing. 

If
the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications for use for the product; require that contraindications, warnings or
precautions be included in the product labeling; require that postmarketing studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted
to further assess the drug s safety after licensure; require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization;
or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions or other risk management mechanisms, including REMS, which can materially
affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the
results of post-market studies or surveillance programs. Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including
changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval, as applicable, of a
new BLA or supplement before the change can be implemented. A BLA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar
to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing supplements as it does in reviewing
BLAs. 

Post-Licensure
FDA Requirements 

Biological
products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA licenses are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including,
among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion
with the product. After licensure, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are
subject to prior FDA review and licensure. There also are continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed products and the
establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. 

11 

Often
times, even after a biological product has been licensed by the FDA for sale, the FDA may require that certain post-licensure requirements
be satisfied, including the conduct of additional clinical studies. If such post-approval requirements are not satisfied, the FDA may
withdraw its licensure of the biological product. In addition, holders of a biological product license are required to report certain
adverse reactions to the FDA, comply with certain requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for their products, and
continue to have quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP after approval. In addition, biological product manufacturers
and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced
inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements and other aspects of regulatory compliance. Changes
to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also
require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor
and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money
and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 

Among
the conditions for BLA licensure is the requirement that the manufacturing operations conform on an ongoing basis with cGMP. In complying
with cGMP, we must expend time, money and effort in the areas of training, production and quality control within our own organization
and at our contract manufacturing facilities. A successful inspection of the manufacturing facility by the FDA is usually a prerequisite
for final licensure of a biological product. Following licensure of the BLA, we and our manufacturers will remain subject to periodic
inspections by the FDA to assess continued compliance with cGMP requirements and the conditions of licensure. We will also face similar
inspections coordinated by foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA periodically inspects the sponsor s records related to safety
reporting and/or manufacturing facilities; this latter effort includes assessment of compliance with cGMP. Accordingly, manufacturers
must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 

Once
licensure is granted, the FDA may withdraw licensure if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if
problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse
events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may
result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess
new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among
other things: 

restrictions
on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, including total or partial suspension of production, complete withdrawal of the product
from the market or product recalls; 

fines,
warning letters or holds on post-licensure clinical trials; 

refusal
of the FDA to license pending BLAs or supplements, or suspension or revocation of product licensure; 

product
seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

consent
decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated
modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

the
issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety
information about the product; or 

injunctions
or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA closely regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Biological products may
be promoted only for the licensed indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies
actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly
promoted off label uses may be subject to significant liability. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other
things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe
legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and
approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the
best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments.
The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 

12 

In
addition, the distribution of prescription drug products, including most biological products that require a prescription, is subject
to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or the PDMA, which regulates the distribution of drug samples at the federal level, and sets
minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution
of prescription drug product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. 

Other
U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 

Among
others, the FDA, HHS, Office of Inspector General, the CMS and comparable regulatory authorities in state and local jurisdictions and
in other countries impose substantial and burdensome requirements upon companies involved in the preclinical and clinical development,
manufacture, marketing, and distribution of drugs such as those we are developing. These agencies and other federal, state, and local
entities regulate, among other activities, the research and development, testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness,
labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, sales, commercialization, marketing, advertising and promotion, distribution, post-approval
monitoring and reporting, sampling, and export and import of our product candidates. Any drug candidates that we develop must be approved
by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the U.S. and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before they may be legally
marketed in those foreign countries. Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature
and scope as that imposed in the U.S., although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation
in the EU are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. 

Although
we do not currently have any products on the market, in addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, we are
also subject to healthcare statutory and regulatory requirements and enforcement by the U.S. federal and state governments. Pharmaceutical
companies like us are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the
states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business. Such regulation and may constrain the financial arrangements and
relationships through which we research, develop, and, ultimately, sell, market, and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing
approval. Such laws include, without limitation: 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute, an intent-based criminal statute that prohibits, among other activities, persons and entities from knowingly
and willfully soliciting, offering, paying, receiving, or providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bride, or rebate), directly
or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for,
or the purchase, lease, order, or recommendation of, any item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a
federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or
specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

The
federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil FCA, which prohibit individuals or entities from, among other activities,
knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government claims for payment or approval that are false, fictitious,
or fraudulent; knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false statement or record material to a false or fraudulent
claim or obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly
avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim that
includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for
purposes of the FCA. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring qui tam actions
on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery or settlement. 

13 

The
federal civil monetary penalties laws, which prohibit, among other activities (1) arranging for or contracting with an individual or
entity that is excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs to provide items or services reimbursable by a federal healthcare
program, (2) failing to report and return a known overpayment, or (3) offering or transferring any remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid
beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider,
practitioner, or supplier of items or services reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid, unless an exception applies. 

The
federal criminal statutes enacted under HIPAA which impose criminal liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to
execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent
pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit
program; knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program; willfully preventing, obstructing, misleading,
or delaying a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense; and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material
fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services.
Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent
to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 

The
federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, enacted as part of the ACA, which imposes annual reporting requirements for certain manufacturers
of drugs, devices, biological products, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s
Health Insurance Program, for certain payments and transfers of value provided to covered recipients, which
include U.S.-licensed physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals,
as well as ownership and investment interests held by such physicians and their immediate family members. For reports submitted to CMS
on or after January 1, 2022, such obligations will include the reporting of payments and other transfers of value provided in the previous
year to certain other healthcare professionals, including physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified
registered nurse anesthetists, anesthesiologist assistants and certified nurse midwives. 

The
FDCA and PHSA, which regulate licensure of biological products and prohibit the misbranding and adulteration of biological products. 

Analogous
state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply with respect to healthcare
items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third party-payors and may be broader than their federal equivalents; state and foreign
laws requiring pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and/or the
relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restricting payments that may be made to healthcare providers;
state laws and regulations requiring drug manufacturer disclosures to state agencies and/or commercial purchasers with respect to certain
price increases; state and foreign laws requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of
value to physicians and other healthcare providers and restricting marketing practices or requiring disclosure of marketing expenditures
and pricing information; and state and local laws that requiring registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. 

We
are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which prohibits improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments
and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. 

Safeguards
we implement to discourage improper payments or offers of payments by our employees, consultants, and others may be ineffective, and
violations of the FCPA and similar state laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, or other liabilities or proceedings against
us, any of which would likely harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

Violations
of any of these laws or any other applicable laws or regulations may result in significant penalties, including, without limitation,
administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity
oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of noncompliance, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and imprisonment. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as
well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s
attention from its business. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Sales
of any pharmaceutical product depend, in part, on the extent to which such product will be covered by third-party payors, such as federal,
state, and foreign government healthcare programs, commercial insurance, and managed healthcare organizations, and the level of reimbursement
for such product by third-party payors. Decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made
on a payor-by-payor basis. These third-party payors are increasingly reducing coverage and reimbursement for healthcare items (including
drugs) and services. Moreover, for products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement
may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for
the product itself may or may not be available. Instead, the hospital or administering physician may be reimbursed only for providing
the treatment or procedure in which our product is used. 

In
addition, the U.S. government, states, and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price
controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement, and requirements for substitution of lower-cost or generic products. Adoption of
price controls and cost-containment measures and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures
could further limit sales of any drug product. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for any drug product or a decision by a third-party
payor not to cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for the product and also have a material adverse effect
on sales. 

Moreover,
as a condition of participating in, and having products covered under, certain federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid,
we may become subject to federal laws and regulations that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to calculate and report certain pricing
metrics to the government, including the Average Manufacturer Price, or AMP, and Best Price under the MDRP, the Medicare Average Sales
Price, the 340B Ceiling Price, and Non-Federal AMP reported to the Department of Veteran Affairs, and with respect to Medicaid, pay statutory
rebates on utilization of manufacturers products by Medicaid beneficiaries. Compliance with these laws and regulations will require
significant resources and may have a material adverse effect on our revenues. 

Healthcare
Reform 

In
the U.S., in March 2010, the ACA was enacted, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private
payors, and significantly affected the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA contained a number of provisions, including those governing the
federal healthcare programs, provider reimbursement, and healthcare fraud and abuse laws. For example, the ACA: 

increased
the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand name drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 of the AMP; 

required
collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expanded
beneficiary eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain
individuals with income at or below 138 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate
liability; 

extended
manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

15 

expanded
the types of entities eligible for the 340B Drug Pricing Program; 

established
a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under MDRP are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted
or injected; 

required
manufacturers to participate in a coverage gap discount program, under which they must agree to offer 70 percent point-of-sale discounts
off negotiated prices of applicable branded drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the
manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

imposed
a non-deductible annual fee on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell branded prescription drugs and biologic
agents apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain federal government programs; 

established
the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and
Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending; 

created
the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research,
along with funding for such research; 

required
reporting of certain financial arrangements between manufacturers of drugs, biologics, devices, and medical supplies and physicians and
teaching hospitals under the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act; and 

required
annual reporting of certain information regarding drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to licensed practitioners. 

Since
its enactment, there have been executive, judicial, and legislative branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and, on June 17,
2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling
on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden had issued an executive order to initiate
a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through
the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies
and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, policies that create barriers to obtaining access to health insurance
coverage through the ACA marketplaces. It is unclear how healthcare reform measures enacted by Congress or implemented by the Biden administration
or other efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA, if any, will impact the ACA. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted. These changes include the Budget Control Act
of 2011, which, among other changes, led to aggregate reductions in Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year that started
in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislation, will continue into 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension of the payment
reduction from May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Most
recently, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 eliminates the statutory cap on drug manufacturers MDRP rebate liability effective
January 1, 2024. Under current law enacted as part of the ACA, drug manufacturers MDRP rebate liability is capped at 100 of AMP
for a covered outpatient drug. 

The
cost of prescription drugs has been the subject of considerable policy discussion and debate in the U.S. Congress has considered and
passed legislation, and the former Trump administration pursued several regulatory reforms to further increase transparency around prices
and price increases, lower out-of-pocket costs for consumers, and decrease spending on prescription drugs by government programs. Congress
has also continued to conduct inquiries into the prescription drug industry s pricing practices. While several proposed reform
measures will require Congress to pass legislation to become effective, Congress and the Biden administration have expressed support
for legislative and/or administrative measures to address prescription drug costs. The Biden administration has also taken several executive
actions that signal changes in policy from the prior administration, including with respect to executive actions by the Trump administration
related to prescription drug costs. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and states are implementing
regulations designed to control spending on, and patient out-of-pocket costs for, drug products. 

16 

We
expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform and/or drug pricing measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could
affect the pricing and/or availability of drug products, the amounts that federal and state governments and other third-party payors
will pay for healthcare products and services, and/or our ability to generate revenue, attain or maintain profitability, or commercialize
products for which we may receive regulatory approval in the future. 

Other
U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 

For
products distributed in the United States, we will also be subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal
government and the states in which we conduct our business. 

Efforts
to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could be costly. Although
we believe our business practices are structured to be compliant with applicable laws, it is possible that governmental authorities will
conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud
and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our future operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any
other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages,
fines, exclusion from third party payor programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations.
If any of the physicians, providers or entities with whom we may do business with will be found to be not in compliance with applicable
laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusion from government funded healthcare programs. 

Many
aspects of these laws have not been definitively interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open
to a variety of subjective interpretations which increases the risk of potential violations. In addition, these laws and their interpretations
are subject to change. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to
incur significant legal expenses, divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, and damage our reputation. 

In
addition, from time to time in the future, we may become subject to additional laws or regulations administered by the FDA, the Federal
Trade Commission, or by other federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities, to the repeal of laws or regulations that we generally
consider favorable, or to more stringent interpretations of current laws or regulations. We are not able to predict the nature of such
future laws, regulations, repeals or interpretations, and we cannot predict what effect additional governmental regulation, if and when
it occurs, would have on our business in the future. Such developments could, however, require reformulation of certain products to meet
new standards, recalls or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased
documentation of the properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, additional
personnel, or other new requirements. Any such developments could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Israel 

Before
an entity or person can conduct clinical testing on humans in Israel, such entity or person must receive special authorization from the
ethics committee (also known as a Helsinki Committee and general manager of the institution in which such entity or person
intends to conduct its study, as required under the Guidelines for Clinical Trials in Human Subjects implemented pursuant to the Israeli
Public Health Regulations (Clinical Trials in Human Subjects), as amended from time to time, and other applicable legislation. These
regulations also require authorization from the Israeli Ministry of Health, except in certain circumstances, and in the case of genetic
trials, special fertility trials and similar trials, an additional authorization of the overseeing institutional ethics committee. The
institutional ethics committee must, among other things, evaluate the anticipated benefits that are likely to be derived from the project
to determine if it justifies the risks and inconvenience to be inflicted on the human subjects, and the committee must ensure that adequate
protection exists for the rights and safety of the participants as well as the accuracy of the information gathered in the course of
the clinical testing. If we perform future clinical studies in Israel, we will be required to obtain authorization from the ethics committee
and general manager of each institution in which we intend to conduct our clinical trials, and in most cases, from the Israeli Ministry
of Health. 

17 

Europe
and Other Territories 

Whether
or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval of a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign
countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. For example, in the European Union,
a clinical trial application, or CTA, must be submitted to each member state s national health authority and an independent ethics
committee. The CTA must be approved by both the national health authority and the independent ethics committee prior to the commencement
of a clinical trial in the member state. The approval process varies from country to country and the time frame may be longer or shorter
than that required for FDA approval. In addition, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing
and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. In all cases, clinical trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable
regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Helsinki Declaration. 

To
obtain marketing approval of a drug under European Union regulatory systems, we may submit marketing authorization applications under
a centralized procedure. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European
Union member states. The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicines produced by certain biotechnological processes, products designated
as orphan medicinal products, and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, including M-00.1
It is optional for products with other new active substance (which has not been developed for the diseases named in the Annex of the
relevant EU-Regulation on the authorization of medicinal products for human use and the EMA), those products that are highly innovative,
or for which a centralized process is in the interest of participants. M-001 falls under the compulsory centralized procedure category.
Under the centralized procedure category in the European Union, the maximum time frame for the evaluation of a marketing authorization
application by the Committee of Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) is 210 days after receipt of a valid application (excluding clock
stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP). Accelerated
evaluation might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest,
for which there is no single definition, but which needs to be justified by the applicant and assessed by the CHMP on a case-by-case
basis. Relevant criteria can be: the seriousness of the disease, such as seriously disabling or life-threatening diseases, to be treated;
the absence or insufficiency of an appropriate alternative therapeutic approach; and anticipation of high therapeutic benefit. In this
circumstance, the EMA ensures that the opinion of the CHMP is given within 150 days. On the basis of the CHMP opinion, the European Commission
will decide on the marketing authorization within 67 days after receipt of the CHMP opinion. 

The
decentralized procedure provides for approval by one or more other, or concerned, member states of an assessment of an application performed
by one member state, known as the reference member state. Under this procedure, an applicant submits an application, or dossier, and
related materials, including a draft summary of product characteristics, and draft labeling and package leaflet, to the reference member
state and concerned member states. The reference member state prepares a draft assessment and drafts of the related materials within
120 days after receipt of a valid application (Assessment Step I). Within 90 days of receiving the reference member state s assessment
report, each concerned member state must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials (Assessment Step II).
If a member state cannot approve the assessment report and related materials on the grounds of potential serious risk to public health,
the matter will be referred to the Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition Procedures and Decentralized Procedures (CMDh) at the EMA.
If within 60 days of the referral a consensus is not reached, the matter and the disputed points will eventually be referred to the CHMP
with EMA. The decision on whether the product can be approved is then taken by the European Commission on the basis of the opinion of
the CHMP. The decision of the European Commission is binding on all member states. After the close of the procedure and review of the
national translations of the texts for the labelling of the labelling, the package leaflet and the summary of product characteristics
the reference member state and the concerned member states issue national marketing authorization within a further 30 days (National
Step). 

18 

For
other countries outside of the European Union, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing
the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical
trials are conducted in accordance with GCPs and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin
in the Helsinki Declaration. 

If
we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal
of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

Incentives 

Israeli
Innovation Authority 

Since
2006, we have owe approximately 5.8 millions in grants to the Israeli Innovation Authority (IIA), formerly known as the Office of the
Chief Scientist. The grants were for research and development of M-001. In light of the Phase 3 clinical trial results, we do not currently
expect any future revenues from M-001 and therefore do not currently expect to make any royalty payments to the IIA. The Company is subject
to various other restrictions pursuant to the grants, including limitations on transferring IP developed with grant funds. In light of
the Company s new strategy, we do not expect these restrictions to be material to our ongoing operations. 

Grant
for the Construction of a Manufacturing Facility in Jerusalem 

In
2017, we were awarded a grant of up to NIS 4 million for the construction of our facility in Jerusalem to support Phase 3 trials and
commercial production of M-001. However, the grant money has not yet been disbursed due to the failure of M-001 in phase 3 clinical trials.
BiondVax has reapplied in 2022 for disbursement in light of its new agreements with MPI and UMG, and pursuant to a request from the Israeli
Investment Authority, the IIA has appointed an external assessor to evaluate the viability and innovativeness of the technology licensed
from MPI and UMG. The IIA has submitted its report to the Investment Authority, which did not approve the disbursement of the grant.

Employees 

We
currently have 33 employees, six of whom were employed in finance and administration and 27 of whom were employed in research and development.
All Company employees are in Israel. 

Israeli
labor laws principally govern the length of the workday, minimum wages for employees, procedures for hiring and dismissing employees,
determination of severance pay, annual leave, sick days, advance notice of termination of employment, equal opportunity and anti-discrimination
laws and other conditions of employment. Subject to certain exceptions, Israeli law generally requires severance pay upon the retirement,
death or dismissal of an employee, and requires us and our employees to make payments to the National Insurance Institute, which is similar
to the U.S. Social Security Administration. Our employees have defined benefit pension plans that comply with applicable Israeli legal
requirements, which also include the mandatory pension payments required by applicable law and allocations for severance pay. 

While
none of our employees are party to any collective bargaining agreements, certain provisions of the collective bargaining agreements between
the Histadrut (General Federation of Labor in Israel) and the Coordination Bureau of Economic Organizations (including the Industrialists 
Associations) are applicable to our employees by extension orders issued by the Israel Ministry of Economy (previously the Israeli Ministry
of Trade, Industry and Labor). These provisions primarily concern the length of the workweek, pension fund benefits for all employees
and for employees in the industry section, insurance for work-related accidents, travel expenses reimbursement, holiday leave, convalescent
payments and entitlement for vacation days. We generally provide our employees with benefits and working conditions beyond the required
minimums. We have never experienced any employment-related work stoppages and believe our relationship with our employees is good. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
license the core intellectual property for our NanoAbs program from MPG under an exclusive license agreement, pursuant to which we received
an exclusive worldwide license for the development and commercialization of NanoAbs based on certain patents and intellectual property
owned by MPG and related thereto. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions
thereof, the license agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis upon the later of (i) the expiration
or abandonment of the patent rights that relate to such product in such country and (ii) ten years from the date of first commercial
sale of such product in such country. We have the right to license nanobodies against certain other molecular targets on the same terms
described above. 

19 

Environmental
Matters 

We
are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the use, management and disposal
of hazardous, radioactive and biological materials and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We believe that our business, operations
and facilities are being operated in compliance in all material respects with applicable environmental and health and safety laws and
regulations. Our laboratory personnel have ongoing communication with the Israeli Ministry of Environmental Protection in order to verify
compliance with relevant instructions and regulations. In addition, all of our laboratory personnel participate in instruction on the
proper handling of chemicals, including hazardous substances before commencing employment, and during the course of their employment,
with us. In addition, all information with respect to any chemical substance that we use is filed and stored as a Material Safety Data
Sheet, as required by applicable environmental regulations. Based on information currently available to us, we do not expect environmental
costs and contingencies to have a material adverse effect on us. The operation of our facilities, however, entails risks in these areas.
Significant expenditures could be required in the future if we are required to comply with new or more stringent environmental or health
and safety laws, regulations or requirements. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our objectives,
expectations and intentions. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read as applicable to all forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this report. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed herein. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the
factors described below, together with all other information included in this annual report, including our financial statements and the
related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. We may face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and business
prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of the ADSs could decline and you could lose all
or part of your investment. 

Summary
of Risk Factors The following is a summary of some of the principal risks we face. The list below is not exhaustive, and investors
should read this Risk factors section in full. 

We
are a developmental stage biopharmaceutical company with a history of operating losses, with no product candidate that generates revenue
and as such we are not currently profitable, do not expect to become profitable in the near future, may never become profitable and as
a result may need to wind up our business and operation. 

We
will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could
force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 

Our
business strategy may not be successful. 

20 

If
we breach certain provisions of our 24 million Euro finance documentation with the EIB it could result in the EIB accelerating
the loans thereunder and exercising secured creditor remedies over collateral securing those loans, and that collateral consists of substantially
all of our assets. The exercise of such remedies may have a material adverse effect on our company. We do not have control over certain
events that constitute a breach of this finance documentation. 

We
are highly dependent upon our ability to enter into agreements with partners to develop, commercialize, and market any current and future
product candidate(s) or enter into other strategic partnerships; 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our
technologies or product candidate(s); 

Our
novel nanosized antibodies, also known as VHH-antibodies, Nanobodies or NanoAbs, represent a relatively new approach to treating diseases,
and we must overcome significant challenges in order to successfully develop, commercialize and manufacture product candidates based
on this technology. 

Clinical
trials are very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement, and, as a result, we may suffer delays or suspensions
in future trials which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues. 

Positive
results from any clinical trials we conduct may not be predictive of the results in later clinical trials of current and future product
candidates, and the results of any clinical trials we conduct may not be replicated in additional clinical trials that we may be required
to conduct, which could result in development delays or a failure to obtain marketing approval. 

We
may be unsuccessful in adapting our Covid-19 NanoAbs to protect against variants of COVID-19. Furthermore, our ability to commercialize
our Covid-19 NanoAbs may be adversely affected to the extent that the coronavirus disease evolves worldwide. 

If
we are not successful in discovering, developing and commercializing current and future product candidates, our ability to expand our
business and achieve our strategic objectives may be impaired. 

We
are a developmental stage biopharmaceutical company with no product candidate(s) in clinical development or approved, which makes it
difficult to assess our future viability. 

We
face significant competition. If we cannot successfully compete with new or existing product candidate(s), our marketing and sales will
suffer, and we may never be profitable. 

Our
NanoAbs program is based on an exclusive, worldwide license from the Max Planck Society, and we could lose our rights to this license
if a dispute with MPG arises or if we fail to comply with the financial and other terms of the license. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 

We
are a developmental stage biopharmaceutical company with a history of operating losses, with no product candidate that generates revenue
and as such we are not currently profitable, do not expect to become profitable in the near future, may never become profitable and as
a result may ultimately need to wind up our business and operation. 

We
are a development stage biopharmaceutical company and currently do not have, and may never have, any product candidate(s) that generate
revenues. Investment in pharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures
and significant risk that any potential product candidate(s) will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile,
gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. 

21 

We
are not profitable and have incurred losses since inception, principally as a result of research and development, clinical trials, construction
of our GMP biologics manufacturing facility, and general administrative expenses in support of our operations. We have not generated
any revenue, expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. As of December 31, 2022,
we had an accumulated deficit of 115.8 million, and we expect to experience negative cash flow for the foreseeable future. As a result,
we will ultimately need to generate significant revenues in order to achieve and maintain profitability. We may never be able to generate
revenues or achieve profitability in the future, and we expect to incur additional losses for the foreseeable future. Our failure to
achieve or maintain profitability, or substantial delays in achieving profitability, could negatively impact the value of the securities
and our ability to raise additional financing. A substantial decline in the value of the securities would also affect the price at which
we could sell them to secure future funding, which could dilute the ownership interest of current shareholders. Even if we achieve profitability
in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Accordingly, it is difficult to evaluate our business
prospects. Moreover, our prospects must be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by an early-stage company in
highly regulated and competitive markets, such as the biopharmaceutical market, where regulatory approval and market acceptance of our
product candidate(s) are uncertain. There can be no assurance that our efforts will ultimately be successful or result in revenues or
profits. 

We
will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could
force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 14 million in cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits, working capital of 6.7 million and an
accumulated deficit of 115.8 million. We expect that our existing capital resources will enable us to fund our operating expenses and
capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, this estimate is based on assumptions that may prove to be
wrong and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect, or require us to delay certain development plans while
we attempt to raise additional capital. 

Our
ability to execute on our business plan is dependent upon our ability to raise capital through private or public financings, or enter
into a commercial agreement, among others. Since our inception, most of our resources have been dedicated to product development. In
the future, we believe that we will expend significant operating and capital expenditures to acquire additional product candidates, develop
and, subject to results of any future clinical trials, apply for regulatory approval of current and future product candidates, if any.
These expenditures may include, but are not limited to, costs associated with research and development, manufacturing, conducting clinical
trials, contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, hiring additional management and other personnel, applying for regulatory approvals,
acquisition of equipment, as well as commercializing any product candidates approved for sale. Furthermore, we incur additional costs
associated with operating as a public company traded on Nasdaq in the United States. We cannot precisely estimate the actual amounts
necessary to acquire additional product candidates and successfully complete the development and commercialization of product candidates.
As a result of these and other factors currently unknown to us, we will require additional funds, through public or private equity or
debt financings or non-dilutive sources or other sources, that may not be available to us or, if available, may not be on terms favorable
to us. A failure to fund these activities may significantly harm our growth strategy, competitive position, quality compliance, financial
condition and is expected to have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Our
future capital requirements depend on many factors, including: 

our
ability to establish and maintain strategic partnerships, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements; 

our
search for new business opportunities; 

our
ability to identify and acquire rights to, or develop on our own, new product candidate(s) and diversify/expand our product opportunities; 

the
scope and cost of researching and developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, commercializing and manufacturing any new product candidate(s); 

22 

the
costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims, including litigation costs and
the outcome of such litigation; 

the
expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; and 

any
product liability or other lawsuits related to any current or future product candidate(s). 

Additional
funds may not be available when we need them, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us
on a timely basis, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate the potential acquisition of other product candidates, preclinical
studies, clinical trials or other research and development activities for current and future product candidates or delay, limit, reduce
or terminate our establishment of sales and marketing capabilities or other activities that may be necessary to commercialize such product
candidate(s). 

Our
business strategy may not be successful. 

We
cannot offer any assurance that our new strategy will be successful. If we are unable to successfully execute our new strategy, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our existing shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our
technologies or product candidate(s). 

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and
alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities,
the ownership interests of existing shareholders will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect shareholder rights. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability
to take certain actions, such as incurring future indebtedness, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional
funds through strategic partnerships, alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights
to our technologies or any product candidate(s) or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional
funds through equity or debt financing when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate any product development or
commercialization efforts, or grant rights to develop and market product candidate(s) that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market
ourselves. 

If
we breach certain provisions of our 24 million Euro finance documentation with the European Investment Bank, or EIB, the EIB could accelerate
the loans thereunder and exercise secured creditor remedies over collateral securing those loans, and that collateral consists of substantially
all of our assets. The exercise of such remedies may have a material adverse effect on our company. We do not have control over certain
events that constitute a breach of this finance documentation. 

We
borrowed 24 million Euro under a finance contract (the Finance Contract with the EIB, to finance a portion of the cost
of developing our previous leading drug candidate M-001 (Universal Influenza Vaccine drug candidate) and our GMP biologics manufacturing
facility. The Finance Contract was amended on August 10, 2022 to extend the maturity of the loan until December 2027 and adding and amending
certain additional terms (see Finance Contract with the European Investment Bank above). 

As
part of the Finance Contract, we also entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement ), whereby we created a
first ranking floating charge in favor of EIB over substantially all of our assets (other than certain licensed intellectual property
related to our former M-001 program). While intellectual property rights are excluded from the floating charge pledge, certain breaches
of the Finance Contract or the Security Agreement may cause the EIB to exercise secured creditor remedies under the floating charge pledge
and foreclose on certain of our assets at the time of such exercise. 

23 

Under
the Finance Contract we are not allowed to make any senior management changes without the consent of the EIB. We will be required to
obtain consents from the EIB in the future if any senior management change is expected to occur and in such an event, the EIB s
consent is not guaranteed. In addition, we may not be able to anticipate a future change to our senior management and in such an event,
we may not be able to obtain the consent of the EIB ahead of such an event. If we are not able to receive the EIB s consent before
such change in our senior management or we decide to change our senior management without first obtaining the consent of the EIB, which
we may be forced to do or may elect to do in order to address business concerns, the EIB may accelerate all loans extended to us under
the Finance Contract, and exercise secured creditor remedies against the collateral securing those loans. In such an event we may not
be able to continue our business and operations as a going concern. 

Furthermore,
under the Finance Contract, the EIB may accelerate all loans extended thereunder if an event of default has occurred, which includes,
amongst other things, an event of default arising from the occurrence of a material adverse change, defined as any event or change of
condition, which in the opinion of the EIB, has a material adverse effect on: our ability to perform our obligations under the Finance
Documents; our business, operations, property, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects; or the rights or remedies of the EIB
under the Finance Contract, amongst other things. If the EIB determines that an event of default has occurred, it could accelerate the
amounts outstanding under the Finance Contract, making those amounts immediately due and payable. 

If
an event of default occurs under the Finance Contract, all loans extended under the Finance Contract can be accelerated and secured creditor
remedies may be exercised. If some or all of the loans under the Finance Contract are accelerated by the EIB, or secured creditor remedies
are exercised, we expect such events to adversely impact our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
Related to Development, Clinical Testing and Regulatory Approval of NanoAbs and Any Other Current and Future Product Candidate(s) 

We
have not yet commercialized any product candidate(s), and we may never become profitable. 

We
have recently entered into a licensing and collaboration arrangement with MPG and University Medical Center G ttingen and launched
our Covid-19 NanoAbs program. The COVID-19 NanoAb is our first in a new pipeline of innovative NanoAb drugs addressing diseases with
large underserved medical needs and attractive commercial opportunities for which first-in-human Phase 1/2a clinical trials is planned
for 2023. Aside from this, we have no product candidates in clinical trials or on the market. Even if we are successful in developing
current or future product candidates, we will not be successful unless we complete our product development efforts, obtain regulatory
approval and such product candidate(s) gain(s) market acceptance for appropriate indications at favorable reimbursement rates. The degree
of market acceptance of these product candidate(s) will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of regulatory approvals in the U.S. and other countries,
if any, and the uses for which we intend to pursue regulatory approval for the commercialization of current and future product candidates 

the competitive environment; 

the demand for our product candidate(s); 

the
establishment and demonstration in, and acceptance by, the medical community of the safety and clinical efficacy of our product candidate(s)
and its potential advantages over other competitive products; 

our
ability to enter into supply agreements with health organizations and governments around the world for the supply of our product candidate(s)
or our ability to enter into strategic agreements with pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies with strong marketing and sales
capabilities; 

the
adequacy and success of our distribution, sales and marketing efforts; and 

the
pricing, coverage and reimbursement policies of government and third-party payors, such as insurance companies, health maintenance organizations
and other plan administrators. 

24 

Physicians,
participants, third-party payors or the medical community in general may be unwilling to accept, utilize or recommend, and in the case
of third-party payors, cover payment for current and future product candidates. As a result, we are unable to predict the extent of our
future losses or the time required for us to achieve profitability, if at all. Even if we successfully develop one or more products,
we may not become profitable. 

In
addition, we have limited marketing capabilities, and if we are unable to enter into collaborations with marketing partners or develop
our own sales and marketing capabilities, we may not be successful in commercializing current and future product candidates. If we are
unable to reach and maintain agreements with one or more pharmaceutical companies or partners, we may be required to market our product
candidate(s) directly. Developing a marketing and sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay a product launch. We may
not be able to attract and retain qualified sales personnel or otherwise develop this capability. 

NanoAbs
represent a relatively new approach to treating diseases, and we must overcome significant challenges in order to successfully develop,
commercialize and manufacture product candidates based on this technology. 

We
are currently concentrating our development efforts on the Covid-19 NanoAbs and additional NanoAbs contemplated by our collaboration
with MPG and UMG. The processes and requirements imposed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA or other applicable
health authorities may cause delays and additional costs in obtaining approvals for marketing authorization for our products. Because
our platform is relatively new and only one drug developed by a competing company and related to rare blood diseases has been approved
to date in the market, regulatory agencies, as well as insurance and other coverage providers and payers, may lack experience in evaluating
our product candidates. This inexperience may lengthen the regulatory review process, increase our development costs and delay or prevent
reimbursement and commercialization of our platform products. Additionally, advancing this novel platform creates significant challenges
for us, and we must be able to overcome these challenges in order to successfully develop, commercialize and manufacture our product
candidates. 

In
light of our current resources and limited commercial experience, we have and may need to continue to establish third-party relationships
to successfully commercialize our pipeline candidates. 

Our
long-term commercial viability may depend, in part, on our ability to successfully execute current strategic collaborations and establish
new strategic collaborations with contract commercial organizations, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, non-profit organizations,
and government agencies. Establishing and maintaining strategic collaborations and obtaining government funding is difficult and time-consuming.
Potential collaborators may reject collaborations based upon their assessment of our financial, regulatory or intellectual property position
or based on their internal pipeline or available resources; government agencies may reject contract or grant applications based on their
assessment of public need, the public interest, the ability of our products to address these areas, or other reasons beyond our expectations
or control. If we fail to establish or maintain collaborations necessary for successful commercialization on acceptable terms, we may
not be able to commercialize product candidates or generate sufficient revenue to fund further research and development efforts. 

New
or existing collaborations, including our collaboration with MPG and UMG, may never result in the successful development or commercialization
of any pipeline candidates for several reasons, including the fact that: 

we
may not have the ability to control the activities of our partners and cannot provide assurance that they will fulfill their obligations
to us, including with respect to the license, development, and commercialization of pipeline candidates, in a timely manner or at all; 

such
partners may not devote sufficient resources to our pipeline candidates or properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights
(if required) 

such
partners may decide to pursue competitive product candidates developed outside of the partnership arrangement; 

any
failure on the part of our partners to perform or satisfy their obligations to us could lead to delays in the development or commercialization
of our pipeline candidates and affect our ability to realize product revenue; 

disagreements,
including disputes over the ownership of technology developed with such collaborators, could result in litigation, which would be time-consuming
and expensive, and may delay or terminate research and development efforts, regulatory approvals, and commercialization activities; and 

such
partners may decide to terminate or not to renew the collaboration for these or other reasons. 

25 

If
we or our collaborators fail to maintain our existing agreements or in the event we fail to establish agreements as necessary, we could
be required to undertake research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization activities solely at our own expense. These activities
would significantly increase our capital requirements and, given our lack of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, significantly
delay the commercialization of our pipeline candidates. 

Development
of sufficient and appropriate clinical protocols to demonstrate safety and efficacy are required, and we may not adequately develop such
protocols to support approval. 

In
addition to FDA requirements and those of other regulatory authorities, an independent institutional review board or an independent ethics
committee at each medical institution proposing to participate in the conduct of the clinical trial generally must review and approve
the clinical trial design and patient informed consent form before commencement of the study at the respective medical institution. The
institutional review boards approve the clinical trial protocols and conduct periodic reviews of the clinical trials. The clinical trial
protocols describe the type of people who may participate in the clinical trial, the schedule of tests and procedures, the medications
and dosages to be studied, the length of the study, the study s objectives, and other details. In general, the institutional review
board will consider, among other matters, ethical factors, the safety of human subjects and the possibility of liability of the institution
conducting the trial. Our pre-clinical studies may not be adequate proof of safety and efficacy, and as a result, we may not be successful
in developing clinical trial protocols necessary to support institutional review board approval. Any delay or failure to obtain institutional
review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site could materially impact the costs, timing, or successful completion
of a clinical trial. 

Current
and future product candidates would be subject to extensive regulation and may never obtain regulatory approval. 

The
clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution
of our product candidate(s) are subject to extensive regulation by the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA in the United
States (the U.S. as detailed in Title 21 of the U.S. Code or elsewhere and by comparable authorities in foreign markets.
In the U.S., we are not permitted to market our product candidate(s) until we receive regulatory approval from the FDA. The process of
obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty
of the product candidate(s) involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Current and future product candidates
must satisfy rigorous standards of safety and efficacy before product candidates can be approved for commercial use by the European Medicines
Agency (the EMA in the European Union (the EU or the FDA in the U.S., or any other regulatory authorities
for all or any of the indications for which product candidates are intended to be used. The EMA, FDA and any other regulatory authorities
have substantial discretion over the approval process, and approval is never guaranteed. We may need to conduct significant additional
research before we can file applications for product approval. Typically, in the pharmaceutical industry, there is a high rate of attrition
for product candidates in clinical trials. Success in early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful.
For example, a number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even
after promising results in earlier trials. 

The
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities can delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate(s) for many reasons, including: 

such
authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we
may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities in foreign markets that a product
candidate(s) is safe and effective for any indication; 

26 

such
authorities may not accept clinical data from trials which are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of
care is potentially different from that of the U.S.; 

we
may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

such
authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

approval
may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than what we apply for and/or with other significant restrictions
on distribution and use; or 

such
authorities may find deficiencies in manufacturing processes or facilities, including the processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies. 

In
addition, delays or rejections may be encountered based upon additional government regulation, including any changes in legislation or
policy of the EMA, FDA or any other regulatory policy, during the process of product development, clinical trials and regulatory reviews.
Approval procedures vary among countries, and may involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with
pricing authorities. In addition, events raising questions about the safety of certain marketed pharmaceuticals may result in increased
cautiousness by the EMA, FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in reviewing new pharmaceutical products based on safety,
efficacy or other regulatory considerations and may result in significant delays in obtaining regulatory approvals. Failure to obtain
EMA, FDA or any other regulatory approval for current and future product candidates in a timely manner or at all will severely undermine
our business by delaying or halting commercialization of our products, imposing costly procedures, diminishing competitive advantages
and reducing the number of saleable products and, therefore, corresponding product revenues. 

Current
and future product candidates will remain subject to ongoing regulatory requirements even if we receive regulatory approval to market
such product candidate(s), and if we fail to comply with such requirements, we could lose those approvals that have been obtained, and
the sales of any approved commercial products could be suspended. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval to market current and future product candidates, such product candidate(s) will remain subject to extensive
regulatory requirements, including requirements relating to manufacturing, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising,
promotion, distribution and record keeping. Even if regulatory approval of any product candidate(s) is granted, approval may be subject
to limitations on the uses for which the product candidate(s) may be marketed or the conditions of approval, or may contain requirements
for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product candidate(s), which could negatively
impact us or our collaboration partners by reducing revenues or increasing expenses, and cause the approved product candidate(s) not
to be commercially viable. In addition, as clinical experience with a drug expands after approval, typically because it is used by a
greater number and more diverse group of people after approval than during clinical trials, side effects and other problems may be observed
over time after approval that were not seen or anticipated during pre-approval clinical trials or other studies. Any adverse effects
observed after the approval and marketing of a product candidate(s) could result in limitations on the use of, withdrawal of EMA, FDA
or any other regulatory approval or withdrawal of any approved product candidate(s) from the marketplace. Absence of long-term safety
data may also limit the approved uses of our product candidate(s), if any. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements of the
EMA, FDA and any other applicable regulatory authorities, or previously unknown problems with any approved commercial product candidate(s),
manufacturers or manufacturing processes are discovered, we could be subject to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions or other
setbacks, including, without limitation, the following: 

suspension
or imposition of restrictions on the product candidate(s), manufacturers or manufacturing processes, including costly new manufacturing
requirements; 

warning
letters; 

27 

civil
or criminal penalties, fines and/or injunctions; 

product
seizures or detentions; 

import
or export bans or restrictions; 

voluntary
or mandatory product recalls and related publicity requirements; 

suspension
or withdrawal of regulatory approvals; 

total
or partial suspension of production; and 

refusal
to approve pending applications for marketing approval of new product candidate(s) or supplements to approved applications. 

If
we or our partners, if any, are slow to adapt, or are unable to adapt, to changes in existing regulatory requirements or adoption of
new regulatory requirements or policies, marketing approval for our product candidate(s) may be lost or cease to be achievable, resulting
in decreased revenue from milestones, product sales or royalties, or otherwise, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Current
and future product candidates, if approved, may face competition sooner than anticipated. 

Our
product candidates may face serious competition from other products targeting the same disease or condition, including biosimilar products.
In the U.S., current and future product candidates may be regulated by the FDA as biologic products and we may seek approval for such
product candidate(s) pursuant to the biologics license application, or BLA, pathway. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act
of 2009, or BPCIA, amended the Public Health Service Act (the PHSA and created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological
products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application
for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed
by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until twelve years from the date on
which the reference product was first licensed. During this twelve-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing
version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical
data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. This twelve-year
period of exclusivity does not pre-empt and is independent of any patent protection afforded to current and future product candidates.
The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. Any processes adopted by the FDA to implement the BPCIA
could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products, if any. 

Although
we believe that current and future product candidates should qualify for the twelve-year period of exclusivity described above if product
candidates are approved as biological products under a BLA, we may not be granted such exclusivity. Further, there is a risk that this
exclusivity could be shortened due to Congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider current and future product
candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic or biosimilar competition
sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject
of recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar product, once approved, could be substituted for any one of our reference
products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products will depend on a number of marketplace
and regulatory factors that are still developing. In addition, a competitor could decide to forego the biosimilar approval path and submit
a full BLA after completing its own preclinical studies and clinical trials. In such cases, any exclusivity to which we may be eligible
under the BPCIA would not prevent the competitor from marketing its product as soon as it is approved. 

28 

If
the results of any future clinical trials show that current and future product candidates are effective based on certain endpoints but
nevertheless fail to achieve all the primary/secondary endpoint(s) requiring us to conduct additional clinical trials, or if clinical
trials that we conduct for such products in the future are prolonged or delayed, we would be unable to commercialize current and future
product candidates on a timely basis, which would require us to incur additional costs and delay our receipt of any revenues from potential
sales of such product candidate(s). 

If
we fail to achieve all the primary/secondary endpoints, then we may be required by the FDA or any other regulatory authority to conduct
additional clinical studies. We cannot predict whether we will encounter problems with any such clinical trials that will cause us or
any regulatory authority to delay or suspend those clinical trials or delay the analysis of data derived from them. A number of events,
including any of the following, could delay the completion of any such additional clinical trials and negatively impact our ability to
obtain regulatory approval for, and to market and sell, a particular product candidate(s): 

conditions
imposed on us by the FDA or any applicable foreign regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

delays
in recruiting and enrolling participants or volunteers into any potential future clinical trials; 

delays
in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, required approvals from institutional review boards IRBs or other reviewing
entities at clinical sites selected for participation in our clinical trials; 

insufficient
supply or deficient quality of our product candidate(s) or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials; 

lower
than anticipated retention rate of subjects and participants in clinical trials; 

negative
or inconclusive results from clinical trials, or results that are inconsistent with earlier results, that necessitate additional clinical
studies; 

serious
and unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by subjects and participants in clinical trials; or 

failure
of our third-party contractors to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely
manner. 

Clinical
trials require sufficient participant enrollment, which is a function of many factors, including the size of the participant population,
the nature of the trial protocol, the proximity of participants to clinical sites, the availability of effective treatments for the relevant
disease and the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial. Delays in participant enrollment can result in increased costs and longer
development times. The failure to enroll participants in a clinical trial could delay the completion of the clinical trial beyond our
current expectations. In addition, the FDA or foreign applicable regulatory authorities could require us to conduct clinical trials with
a larger number of subjects than we have prior experience with. We may not be able to enroll a sufficient number of participants in a
timely or cost-effective manner. Furthermore, enrolled participants may drop out of clinical trials, which could impair the validity
or statistical significance of those clinical trials. 

Prior
to commencing clinical trials in the U.S., we must submit an Investigational New Drug IND application to the FDA and
the IND application must become effective. 

Delays
in any clinical trials the FDA or EMA may require us to conduct will result in increased development costs for current and future product
candidates. In addition, if any such clinical trials are delayed, our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do
and the commercial viability of current and future product candidates could be limited. 

29 

Clinical
trials are very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement, and, as a result, we may suffer delays or suspensions
in future trials which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues. 

Human
clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements.
Regulatory authorities, such as the EMA and FDA, may preclude clinical trials from proceeding. Additionally, the clinical trial process
is time-consuming, failure can occur at any stage of the trials and we may encounter problems that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical
trials. The commencement and completion of clinical trials may be delayed by several factors, including: 

unforeseen
safety issues; 

determination
of proper dosing; 

lack
of effectiveness or efficacy during clinical trials; 

failure
of our contract manufacturers or inability of our in-house facility to manufacture our product candidate(s) in accordance with current
good manufacturing practices, or cGMP; 

failure
of third party suppliers to perform final manufacturing steps for the drug substance; 

slower
than expected rates of participant recruitment and enrollment; 

lack
of healthy volunteers and participants to conduct trials; 

inability
to monitor participants adequately during or after treatment; 

Failure
or delay in reaching an agreement with a third party contract research organization or clinical trial site(s), and failure of third party
contract research organizations to properly implement or monitor the clinical trial protocols; 

failure
of the FDA, Institutional Review Boards IRBs ), or other regulatory bodies to authorize our clinical trial protocols, or
a decision by a regulatory body to place one or more of our trials on hold; 

inability
or unwillingness of medical investigators and Contract Research Organizations to follow our clinical trial protocols and applicable regulatory
requirements; and 

lack
of sufficient funding to finance the clinical trials. 

In
addition, we or regulatory authorities may suspend or terminate our clinical trials at any time if it appears that we are exposing participants
to unacceptable health risks, if the regulatory authorities find deficiencies in our regulatory submissions or the conduct of these trials,
if inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by a regulatory authority results in the imposition of a clinical hold,
or if there is a failure to demonstrate a benefit from using the product candidate(s), or changes in governmental regulations or administrative
actions. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing
or successful completion of a clinical trial. Any suspension of clinical trials will delay possible regulatory approval, if any, and
adversely impact our ability to develop product candidate(s) and generate revenue. 

We
may in the future conduct clinical trials of current and future product candidates at sites outside the U.S., and the FDA may not accept
data from trials conducted in foreign locations. 

We
may in the future conduct clinical trials of current and future product candidates outside of the U.S. Although the FDA may accept data
from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S., acceptance of this data is subject to certain conditions imposed by the FDA. For example,
under 21 Code of Federal Regulations CFR 312.20, the clinical trial must be well designed and conducted in accordance
with good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements, and the FDA must be able to validate the clinical trial data through an on-site inspection,
if necessary, among other things. If a marketing application is based solely on foreign clinical data, the FDA can require such data
to be applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice, and for the clinical trials to have been performed by clinical investigators
of recognized competence. There can be no assurance the FDA will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S. If the FDA does
not accept the data from any clinical trials that may be conducted outside of the U.S. of current and future product candidates, it would
likely result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay or permanently halt our development
of the product candidate(s). 

30 

Positive
results from earlier preclinical data and clinical trials may not be predictive of the results in later clinical trials of current and
future product candidates, and the results of our clinical trials may not be replicated in additional clinical trials that we may be
required to conduct, which could result in development delays or a failure to obtain marketing approval. 

Positive
results from previous clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later clinical trials of current and future product candidates,
and any early clinical trials may not be predictive of results in later clinical trials that we may conduct. A number of companies in
the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials even after achieving
promising results in early-stage development. Accordingly, the results from preclinical studies and clinical trials for current and future
product candidates may not be predictive of the results we may obtain in later stage trials. 

Specifically,
the NanoAbs being developed by UMG and MPG have demonstrated strong neutralization at very low concentrations of major Variants of Concern VoCs of COVID-19 (including Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Omicron) in in-vitro studies, and for Wuhan also in a preclinical
in vivo trial. These studies are not a guarantee of success in future preclinical or clinical trials, nor can the Company guarantee that
the NanoAbs will neutralize any potential future VoCs, nor can the Company guarantee that the Company together with their partners at
MPG and UMG will successfully isolate new NanoAbs against any newly emerging VoCs. Furthermore, even if preclinical studies are able
to demonstrate the potential safety and efficacy of our product candidates, there can be no guarantee that such results will be reproducible
in clinical trials involving human subjects. 

Our
clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional
clinical trials. Moreover, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed
their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or
European Medicines Agency, or other applicable regulatory agency, approval for their product candidates. 

We
may be unsuccessful in adapting our Covid-19 NanoAbs to protect against variants of COVID-19. Furthermore, our ability to commercialize
our Covid-19 NanoAbs may be adversely affected to the extent that the coronavirus disease evolves worldwide. 

The
SARS-CoV-2 virus continues to evolve, and new strains of the virus or those that are already in circulation may prove more transmissible
or cause more severe forms of COVID-19 disease than the predominant strains to date. There is a risk that our Covid-19 NanoAbs will not
be effective in protecting against emerging and circulating variant strains of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, or that we will develop Covid-19
NanoAbs for a variant that will not have a sufficient number of participants for a clinical trial. 

Furthermore,
there are a number of preventative vaccines in development and others that have already been approved and widely distributed. If the
COVID-19 pandemic subsides or the COVID-19 disease does not evolve into a seasonally recurrent disease, it may reduce demand for our
Covid-19 NanoAbs. 

We
have limited experience with the development of inhalation-administered therapies. 

We
intend to develop our Covid-19 NanoAbs to be administered by inhalation, targeting the virus directly in the lungs and airways. Although
our team has significant experience with designing and conducting clinical trials, we have never developed or commercialized an inhalation-administered
therapy. Even if our Covid-19 NanoAbs are effective against COVID-19, we are subject to development risks associated with this route
of administration. 

31 

If
we experience delays in the enrollment of participants in any future clinical trials we may conduct, our receipt of necessary regulatory
approvals could be delayed or prevented. 

We
may not be able to initiate clinical trials for current and future product candidates. Participant enrollment, a significant factor in
the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors including the size and nature of the population eligible to participate, the
proximity of potential participants to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing
clinical trials and clinicians and participants perceptions as to the potential advantages of the drug being studied in
relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. If we fail
to enroll and maintain the number of participants for which the clinical trial was designed, the statistical power of that clinical trial
may be reduced, which would make it harder to demonstrate that the product candidate being tested in such clinical trial is safe and
effective. Additionally, enrollment delays in any clinical trials may result in increased development costs for current and future product
candidates, which could materially harm our financial condition and limit our ability to obtain additional financing. Our inability to
enroll a sufficient number of participants for any clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one
or more clinical trials altogether. 

The
occurrence of serious complications or side effects in connection with current and future product candidates, either in future clinical
trials we may conduct or post-approval, could impede such future clinical trials, if any, and lead to refusal of regulatory authorities
to approve our product candidate(s) or, post-approval, revocation of marketing authorizations or refusal to approve new indications,
which could severely harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

In
any future clinical trials of current and future product candidates that we may conduct, or following regulatory approval, illnesses,
injuries, discomforts and other adverse events may be reported by subjects. In addition, side effects are sometimes only detectable after
they are made available to patients on a commercial scale after approval. Results of any future clinical trials we may undertake for
current and future product candidates could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of such side effects. In such an event,
any clinical trials we may conduct could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order
us to cease further development of or deny approval of current and future product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Drug-related
side effects could affect patient recruitment for any clinical trials we may conduct or the ability of enrolled participants to complete
such trials or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and
prospects significantly. 

In
addition, if current and future product candidates receive marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects
caused by such product candidate(s), a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

such
authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we
may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities in foreign markets that a product
candidate(s) is safe and effective for any indication; 

such
authorities may not accept clinical data from trials which are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of
care is potentially different from that of the U.S.; 

we
may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

such
authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

approval
may be granted only for indications that are significantly more limited than what we apply for and/or with other significant restrictions
on distribution and use; or 

such
authorities may find deficiencies in manufacturing processes or facilities. 

Any
of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of current and future product candidates, if approved,
and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

32 

If
we are not successful in discovering, developing and commercializing current and future product candidates, our ability to expand our
business and achieve our strategic objectives may be impaired. 

Research
programs designed to identify current and future product candidates may require substantial technical, financial and human resources,
whether or not such efforts are successful. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying current and future product
candidates, yet fail to lead to clinical development or commercialization for many reasons, including the following: 

the
research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidate(s); 

competitors
may develop alternatives that render our product candidate(s) obsolete; 

a
product candidate(s) may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely
to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

a
product candidate(s) may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; and 

a
product candidate(s) may not be accepted as safe and effective by regulatory authorities, participants, the medical community or third-party
payors. 

If
we are unable to identify suitable compounds for preclinical and clinical development, we may not be able to obtain sufficient product
revenues in future periods, which likely would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact the price of
the ADSs. 

Natural
disasters, public health and other states of emergency, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, could adversely impact our business, including
identifying current and future product candidates. 

Natural
disasters, public health and other states of emergency affecting the countries in which we operate, or the global economic markets may
have an adverse impact on our business. Quarantines, travel restrictions, shelter-in-place, nationalization efforts or similar government
orders, such as lockdowns, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations
could occur, related to COVID-19 or other infectious diseases could have an indeterminate impact on our operations. Our suppliers or
partners could also be disrupted by conditions related to COVID-19 or other infectious diseases, possibly resulting in disruption to
our supply chain, collaborations or operations. If our suppliers, or other potential partners such as CMOs or contract research organizations
(CROs) are unable or fail to fulfill their obligations to us for any reason, our ability to meet clinical and commercial supply demand
for current and future product candidates may become impaired. 

The
spread of COVID-19 and actions taken to reduce its spread may also materially affect us economically. While the COVID-19 pandemic has
generally subsided, there is a risk of the emergence of a new variant which could have potential economic impact and can significantly
disrupt global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity and
financial position. 

Also,
as governments and regulators focus on containing the COVID-19 virus outbreak, and prioritize their work and resources accordingly, there
is no guarantee that interruptions or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions will
not impact the review and approval timelines for the marketing applications we may submit for current and future product candidates.
If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from
conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or
other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

The
effect of the emergence of a new variant of COVID-19 is uncertain , and while we maintain business continuity plans, they might not adequately
protect us. The extent to which COVID-19 can negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. 

33 

Disruptions
at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns like the COVID-19 pandemic could hinder
their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified product candidate(s)
from being developed, or approved or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

The
ability of the FDA, EMA and other regulatory agencies to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including
government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes, the FDA s and EMA s ability to hire and
retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, global health concerns like the COVID-19 pandemic and other events that may
otherwise affect the ability of any regulatory agency such as the FDA and EMA to perform routine functions. Average review times at the
FDA and EMA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the FDA, EMA and other government agencies
that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions
at the FDA or other agencies may slow the time necessary for our product candidate(s) to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government
agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December
22, 2018, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical
FDA employees and stop critical activities. 

Coverage
and reimbursement may not be available for current and future product candidates (if and when approved for commercial sale), which could
make it difficult for us to sell such product candidates profitably. 

Market
acceptance and sales of current and future product candidates will depend on coverage and reimbursement policies. Government authorities
and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which products they will pay for
and establish reimbursement levels. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for current and future product
candidates we may develop. Even if coverage is provided, we cannot be sure that the amount of reimbursement available, if any, will not
reduce the demand for, or the price of, our product candidate(s). If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels,
we may not be able to successfully compete through sales of our proposed product candidate(s). 

In
the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products exists among third-party payors. Third-party
payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their
own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products
can differ significantly from payor to payor. Certain Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the Affordable Care Act marketplace and other private payor plans are required to include
coverage for certain preventative services, including vaccinations recommended by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control s, or CDC s,
Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance)
for plan members. For Medicare beneficiaries, vaccines may be covered for reimbursement under either the Part B program or Part D depending
on several criteria, including the type of vaccine and the beneficiary s coverage eligibility. If our vaccine candidate(s), once
approved, is reimbursed only under the Part D program, physicians may be less willing to use our product candidate(s) because of the
claims adjudication costs and time related to the claims adjudication process and collection of co-payments associated with the Part
D program. 

Outside
the United States, certain countries, including a number of member states of the European Union, set prices and reimbursement for pharmaceutical
products, with limited participation from the marketing authorization holders. We cannot be sure that such prices and reimbursement will
be acceptable to us or our partners, if any. If the regulatory authorities in these jurisdictions set prices or reimbursement levels
that are not commercially attractive for us, our revenues from sales by us, and the potential profitability of our product candidate(s),
in those countries would be negatively affected. Additionally, some countries require approval of the sale price of a product before
it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. As
a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product candidate(s) in a particular country, but then may experience delays in the
reimbursement approval of our product candidate(s) or be subject to price regulations that would delay our commercial launch of the product
candidate(s), possibly for lengthy time periods, which could negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of
the product candidate(s) in that particular country. 

34 

Current
and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us and our partners, if any, to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize
current and future product candidates and affect the prices we, or they, may obtain. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and
regulatory changes to the healthcare system, including cost-containment measures that may reduce or limit coverage and reimbursement
for newly approved drugs and affect our ability to profitably sell current and future product candidates for which we obtain marketing
approval. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to
reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. 

For
example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act,
or collectively, the Affordable Care Act, was enacted in the United States. Among the provisions of the Affordable Care Act of importance
to our potential product candidate(s), the Affordable Care Act: established an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures
or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; expands eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; increased the
statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap
discount program; required certain Affordable Care Act marketplace and other private payor plans to include coverage for preventative
services, including vaccinations recommended by the ACIP without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance)
for plan members; established a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative
clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and established a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation
at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare
and Medicaid spending. 

Since
its enactment, there have been judicial and congressional challenges to numerous aspects of the Affordable Care Act. By way of example,
the 2017 Tax Reform Act included a provision repealing the individual mandate, effective January 1, 2019. On December 14, 2018, a U.S.
District Court judge in the Northern District of Texas ruled that the individual mandate portion of the Affordable Care Act is an essential
and inseverable feature of the Affordable Care Act, and therefore because the mandate was repealed, the remaining provisions of the Affordable
Care Act are invalid as well. On December 18, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld the District Court ruling
that the individual mandate was unconstitutional, but remanded the case back to the District Court to determine whether the remaining
provisions of the Affordable Care Act are invalid as well. On March 2, 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court granted the petitions for writs of
certiorari to review the case. On November 10, 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments regarding the constitutionality of the
individual mandate. In June 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the states that initially challenged the individual mandate did not
have standing to sue. The U.S. Supreme Court did not rule on the constitutionality of the individual mandate. In addition, there may
be other efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the Affordable Care Act. We are continuing to monitor any changes to the Affordable
Care Act that, in turn, may potentially impact our business in the future. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions
to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year pursuant to the Budget Control Act of 2011 and subsequent laws, which began in
2013 and will remain in effect through 2030, unless additional congressional action is taken. In addition, in January 2013, the American
Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers,
including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government
to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. New laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare
funding, which may materially adversely affect customer demand and affordability for our product candidates, if approved, and, accordingly,
the results of our financial operations. We cannot predict whether future healthcare legislative or policy changes will be implemented
at the federal or state level or in countries outside of the United States in which we may do business, or the effect any future legislation
or regulation will have on us, but we expect there will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state
levels directed at containing or lowering the cost of health care. 

35 

We
are subject to extensive and costly government regulation. 

Any
current and future product candidate(s) we may develop will be, subject to extensive and rigorous domestic government regulation, including
with respect to Europe, regulation by the EMA and other relevant regional, national and local authorities, with respect to Israel, regulation
by the Israeli Ministry of Health, and with respect to the U.S., regulation by the FDA, the CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services, including its Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Departments of Defense and
Veterans Affairs and, to the extent our product candidate(s) are paid for directly or indirectly by those departments, state and local
governments and their respective foreign equivalents. The FDA regulates the research, development, preclinical and clinical testing,
manufacture, safety, effectiveness, record keeping, reporting, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution,
and import and export of pharmaceutical products under various regulatory provisions. Current and future product candidates we may develop,
which will be tested and marketed abroad, will be subject to extensive regulation by foreign governments, whether or not we have obtained
EMA, the Israeli Ministry of Health s approval and/or FDA approval. Such foreign regulation may be equally or more demanding than
corresponding European, Israeli or U.S. regulation. 

Government
regulation substantially increases the cost and risk of researching, developing, manufacturing, and selling products. Our failure to
comply with these regulations could result in, by way of example, significant fines, criminal and civil liability, product seizures,
recalls, withdrawals, withdrawals of approvals, and exclusion and debarment from government programs. Any of these actions, including
the inability of current and future product candidates to obtain and maintain regulatory approval, would have a materially adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
relationships with customers, third-party payors, physicians and healthcare providers will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud
and abuse, and other laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational
harm, and diminished profits. 

Healthcare
providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of current and future product
candidates. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse
and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we
conduct research and would market, sell and distribute our product candidate(s). As a biopharmaceutical company, even though we do not
and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors, federal and
state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will be applicable to our business.
Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include the following: 

the
federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting,
offering, receiving, paying or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or
reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order, arrangement, or recommendation of,
any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as the
Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific
intent to violate it to have committed a violation. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical
manufacturers on the one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others, on the other; 

36 

federal
civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the False Claims Act, which prohibit, among other things,
individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment to, or approval
by, Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or
statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government, or knowingly
concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Manufacturers
can be held liable under the False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to
 cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items
or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the
federal False Claims Act. The False Claims Act also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions
on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the False Claims Act and to share in any monetary recovery; 

the
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created additional federal criminal statutes that
prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by
means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or
control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor e.g. , public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying,
concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements in connection with the
delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation; 

the
federal transparency requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act, collectively known as the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, including the provision commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine
Act, and its implementing regulations, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment
is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to
CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists
and chiropractors), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family
members. Effective January 1, 2022, these reporting obligations extend to include transfers of value made to certain non-physician providers
such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners; 

federal
consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers;
and 

analogous
state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items
or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers or patients; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies
to comply with the industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state and local
laws that require the licensure of sales representatives; and state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related
to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and pricing information. 

37 

Efforts
to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties, and our business generally, continue to comply with applicable
healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business
practices do not comply with any such laws and regulations. If our operations, including any arrangements with physicians and other healthcare
providers, are found to be in violation of any such laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject
to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, reputational harm, exclusion from government-funded
healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, disgorgement, additional reporting requirements, and/or the curtailment or restructuring
of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other
agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. If we enter into business with any physicians or other healthcare
providers or entities who are then found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to similar penalties. 

Changes
in regulatory requirements and guidance or unanticipated events may occur during any future clinical trials we may conduct, which may
result in necessary changes to clinical trial protocols, which could result in increased costs to us, delay our development timeline
or reduce the likelihood of successful completion of such clinical trials. 

Changes
in regulatory requirements and guidance or unanticipated events may occur during any clinical trials we may conduct may occur, as a result
of which we may need to amend clinical trial protocols. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs for
review and approval, which may adversely affect the cost, timing and successful completion of a clinical trial. If we experience delays
in the completion of, or if we terminate, any future clinical trials we may conduct, the commercial prospects for current and future
product candidates would be harmed and our ability to generate product revenue would be delayed, possibly materially. 

If
we acquire or license additional technologies or product candidate(s), we may incur a number of additional costs, have integration difficulties
and/or experience other risks that could harm our business and results of operations. 

We
may acquire and in-license current and future product candidate(s) and technologies. Any current and future product candidate(s) or technologies
we in-license or acquire will likely require additional development efforts prior to commercial sale, including extensive preclinical
or clinical testing, or both, and approval by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities, if any. All product candidates are
prone to risks of failure inherent in pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that the product candidate(s) or
product candidate(s) developed based on in-licensed technology will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and effective for approval by
regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot assure you that any current and future product candidate(s) that we develop based on acquired
or licensed technology that is granted regulatory approval will be manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized
or widely accepted or competitive in the marketplace. Moreover, integrating any newly acquired or in-licensed product candidate(s) could
be expensive and time-consuming. If we cannot effectively manage these aspects of our business strategy, our business may not succeed. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

The
members of our management team and certain consultants are important to the efficient and effective operation of our business, and we
may need to attract and retain additional management and experts. Our limited financial resources may hinder successful retention of
our management and consulting team and adding additional experts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Our
executive officers, management team and technical personnel, as well as certain consultants, are important to the efficient and effective
operation of our business, particularly Mr. Amir Reichman, our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Tamar Ben-Yedidia, our Chief Scientific Officer,
and Mr. Elad Mark, our Chief Operating Officer. The early stage of our NanoAbs program creates uncertainty about our prospects and may
make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified executives and other key personnel. 

38 

We
are a developmental stage biopharmaceutical company with no product candidate(s) approved for marketing by regulatory agencies such as
FDA, which makes it difficult to assess our future viability. 

We
are a developmental stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully
overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the pharmaceutical
area. For example, to execute any future business plan, we may need to successfully: 

execute
development activities; 

obtain
required FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorizations for the development and commercialization of current and future product
candidates; 

maintain,
leverage and expand our intellectual property portfolio; 

build
and maintain robust sales, distribution and marketing capabilities, either on our own or in collaboration with strategic partners; 

gain
market acceptance for our product candidate(s); 

develop
and maintain any strategic relationships we elect to enter into; and 

manage
our spending as costs and expenses increase due to drug discovery, preclinical development, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and
commercialization. 

If
we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we may not be able to develop any current and future product candidate(s), raise
capital, expand our business or continue our operations. 

We
face significant competition. If we cannot successfully compete with new or existing product candidate(s), our marketing and sales will
suffer and we may never be profitable. 

We
compete against fully integrated pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies and smaller companies that are collaborating with pharmaceutical
companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. In addition, many of these
competitors, either alone or together with their strategic partners, operate larger research and development programs than we do, and
have substantially greater financial resources than we do, as well as significantly greater experience in: 

developing
immuno-modulating products; 

undertaking
preclinical testing and human clinical trials; 

obtaining
FDA approvals and addressing various regulatory matters and obtaining other regulatory approvals of drugs; 

formulating
and manufacturing drugs; and 

launching,
marketing and selling drugs. 

Generally,
our competitors currently include large fully integrated pharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi-Pasteur, GlaxoSmithKline and other companies
as well as companies and academic research institutes in various developmental stages attempting to develop COVID-19 therapies, such
as Invivyd (formerly known as Adagio),Vir, and Exevir. If our competitors develop and commercialize products faster than we do, or develop
and commercialize products that are superior to our product candidate(s), our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated.
Our competitors may succeed in developing and commercializing products earlier and obtaining regulatory approvals from the FDA and foreign
regulatory authorities more rapidly than we do. Our competitors may also develop products or technologies that are superior to those
we are developing and render our product candidate(s) obsolete or non-competitive. If we cannot successfully compete with new or existing
product candidate(s), our marketing and sales will suffer and we may never be profitable. 

39 

The
extent to which our product candidate(s) achieves market acceptance will depend on competitive factors, many of which are beyond our
control. Competition in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industry is intense and has been accentuated by the rapid pace of technology
development. Our competitors also compete with us to: 

attract
parties for acquisitions, joint ventures or other collaborations; 

license
proprietary technology that is competitive with current and future product candidates; 

attract
funding; and 

attract
and hire scientific talent and other qualified personnel. 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings and/or to product liability lawsuits. 

We
could incur substantial costs and be required to limit commercialization in connection with product liability claims relating to current
and future product candidates, which may result in substantial losses. 

Current
and future product candidates could cause adverse events, including injury, disease or adverse side effects. These adverse events may
not be observed in clinical trials, but may nonetheless occur in the future. If any of these adverse events occur, they may render current
and future product candidates ineffective or harmful in some participants, and any future sales would suffer, materially adversely affecting
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, potential adverse events caused by current and future product candidates could lead to product liability lawsuits. If product
liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit the marketing
and commercialization of any current and future product candidate(s). Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks, which
are inherent in the testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products. We may not be able to avoid product liability
claims. For example, changes in laws outside the U.S. are expanding our potential liability for injuries that occur during clinical trials.
Product liability insurance is expensive, subject to deductibles and coverage limitations, and may not be available in the amounts that
we desire for a price we are willing to pay. Product liability insurance for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries is generally
expensive, if available at all. If, at any time, we are unable to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise
protect against potential product liability claims, we may be unable to clinically test, market or commercialize any current and future
product candidate(s). A successful product liability claim brought against us in excess of our insurance coverage, if any, may cause
us to incur substantial liabilities, and, as a result, our business, liquidity and results of operations would be materially adversely
affected. In addition, the existence of a product liability claim could affect the market price of the ADSs. 

If
our employees commit fraud or other misconduct, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, and insider trading,
our business may experience serious adverse consequences. 

We
are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures: to comply
with FDA regulations, to provide accurate information to the FDA, to comply with manufacturing standards we have established, to comply
with federal and state health-care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, to report financial information or data accurately or to disclose
unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive
laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict
or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business
arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which
could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. Our board of directors adopted a Code of Ethics. However, it
is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may
not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions
or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us,
and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business,
including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

40 

In
addition, during the course of our operations, our directors, executives and employees may have access to material, non-public information
regarding our business, our results of operations or potential transactions we are considering. If a director, executive or employee
was to be investigated, or an action was to be brought against a director, executive or employee for insider trading, it could have a
negative impact on our reputation and the market price of the ADSs. Such a claim, with or without merit, could also result in substantial
expenditures of time and money, and divert attention of our management team from other tasks important to the success of our business. 

We
may encounter difficulties in managing our growth. Failure to manage our growth effectively will have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to successfully grow and expand. Successful implementation of any future business plan will require management of growth,
including potentially rapid and substantial growth, which will result in an increase in the level of responsibility for management personnel
and place a strain on our human and capital resources. To manage growth effectively, we will be required to continue to implement and
improve our operating and financial systems and controls to expand, train and manage our employee base. Our ability to manage our operations
and growth effectively will require us to continue to expend funds to enhance our operational, financial and management controls, reporting
systems and procedures, and to attract and retain sufficient talented personnel. If we are unable to scale up and implement improvements
to our control systems in an efficient or timely manner, or if we encounter deficiencies in existing systems and controls, then we will
not be able to successfully commercialize any current and future product candidate(s). Failure to attract and retain sufficient talented
personnel will further strain our human resources and could impede our growth or result in ineffective growth. Moreover, the management,
systems and controls currently in place or to be implemented may not be adequate for such growth, and the steps we have taken to hire
personnel and to improve such systems and controls might not be sufficient. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, it will
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to obtain adequate insurance, our financial condition could be adversely affected in the event of uninsured or inadequately
insured loss or damage. Our ability to effectively recruit and retain qualified officers and directors could also be adversely affected
if we experience difficulty in obtaining adequate directors and officers liability insurance. 

Our
business will expose us to potential liability that results from risks associated with conducting clinical trials of current and future
product candidates. A successful clinical trial liability claim, if any, brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations even though clinical trial insurance is successfully maintained or
obtained. The current and planned insurance coverages may only mitigate a small portion of a substantial claim against us. 

In
addition, we may be unable to maintain sufficient insurance as a public company to cover liability claims made against our officers and
directors. If we are unable to adequately insure our officers and directors, we may not be able to retain or recruit qualified officers
and directors to manage the Company. 

Recent
disruptions in the financial markets and economic conditions could affect our ability to raise capital. 

In
recent years, the U.S. and global economies suffered dramatic downturns as the result of a deterioration in the credit markets and related
financial crises as well as a variety of other factors including, among other things, the current COVID-19 pandemic, extreme volatility
in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, ratings downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations
of others. The U.S. and certain foreign governments have taken unprecedented actions in an attempt to address and rectify these extreme
market and economic conditions by providing liquidity and stability to the financial markets. If the actions taken by these governments
are not successful, the return of adverse economic conditions may cause a significant impact on our ability to raise capital, if needed,
on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or at all. 

41 

We
may be subject to extensive environmental, health and safety, and other laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. 

Our
business involves the controlled use, directly or indirectly through our service providers, of hazardous materials, various biological
compounds and chemicals; therefore, we, our agents and our service providers may be subject to various environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations, including those governing air emissions, water and wastewater discharges, noise emissions, the use, management
and disposal of hazardous, radioactive and biological materials and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. The risk of accidental
contamination or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. If an accident, spill or release of any regulated chemicals or substances
occurs, we could be held liable for resulting damages, including for investigation, remediation and monitoring of the contamination,
including natural resource damages, the costs of which could be substantial. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and
workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling
of biohazardous materials and chemicals. Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover the costs and expenses that
may be incurred because of injuries to our employees resulting from the use of these materials, this insurance may not provide adequate
coverage against potential liabilities. Additional or more stringent federal, state, local or foreign laws and regulations affecting
our operations may be adopted in the future. We may incur substantial capital costs and operating expenses and may be required to obtain
consents to comply with any of these or certain other laws or regulations and the terms and conditions of any permits or licenses required
pursuant to such laws and regulations, including costs to install new or updated pollution control equipment, modify our operations or
perform other corrective actions at our respective facilities or the facilities of our service providers. 

Governments
may impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 

In
some countries, including the countries comprising the European Union (the EU ), the pricing of pharmaceuticals and certain
other therapeutics is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take
considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries,
we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate(s) to other available therapies.
If reimbursement of our product candidate(s) is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels,
our business could be harmed, possibly materially. 

Our
internal computer systems, or those used by our contractors or consultants, may fail or experience security breaches or other unauthorized
or improper access. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to
privacy and information security incidents, such as data breaches, damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access, malware, natural
disasters, fire, terrorism, war and telecommunication, electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments
to emails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization. The risk of a security breach or
disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists,
has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased.
If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development
programs and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or future clinical trials
could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise,
we will rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials for, and manufacture, current and future product candidates, and similar events
relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or
confidential data, including personally identifiable information, whether through a breach of computer systems, systems failure, employee
negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or otherwise, or unauthorized access to or through our information systems and networks, whether
by our employees or third parties, could result in negative publicity, legal liability and damage to our reputation. Unauthorized disclosure
of personally identifiable information could also expose us to sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations around the
world. To the extent that any disruption or security breach result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our product candidate(s)
could be delayed. 

42 

As
we become more dependent on information technologies to conduct our operations, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks and attempts
to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, may increase in frequency and sophistication. These threats pose a risk
to the security of our systems and networks, the confidentiality and the availability and integrity of our data and these risks apply
both to us, and to third parties on whose systems we rely for the conduct of our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target,
we and our partners may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Further, we do not have
any control over the operations of the facilities or technology of our cloud and service providers, including any third party vendors
that collect, process and store personal data on our behalf. Our systems, servers and platforms and those of our service providers may
be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins that our or their security measures may not detect. Individuals
able to circumvent such security measures may misappropriate our confidential or proprietary information, disrupt our operations, damage
our computers or otherwise impair our reputation and business. We may need to expend significant resources and make significant capital
investment to protect against security breaches or to mitigate the impact of any such breaches. There can be no assurance that we or
our third party providers will be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or successfully mitigating their effects. To the extent that
any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of
confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our current and
future product candidate(s) could be delayed. 

Failure
to comply with current or future federal, state and foreign laws and regulations and industry standards relating to privacy and data
protection laws could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation, and
adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. 

We
and our partners and third-party providers may be subject to federal, state and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations.
In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal health information privacy laws, state data
breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the
Federal Trade Commission Act), that govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information
could apply to our operations or the operations of our partners and third-party providers. 

In
many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance are rising. In the United States, these include enforcement
actions in response to rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of federal agencies and state attorneys general and legislatures
and consumer protection agencies. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have regularly proposed, and may propose in the
future, self-regulatory standards that may legally or contractually apply to us. If we fail to follow these security standards, even
if no customer information is compromised, we may incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in costs. Many state legislatures
have adopted legislation that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security and data
breaches. Laws in all 50 states require businesses to provide notice to customers whose personally identifiable information has been
disclosed as a result of a data breach. The laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly.
States are also constantly amending existing laws, requiring attention to frequently changing regulatory requirements. Furthermore, California
enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which gives California residents expanded rights to access and
delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing and receive detailed information about how their personal
information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that
is expected to increase data breach litigation. 

Foreign
data protection laws, including EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), may also apply to health-related and
other personal information obtained outside of the United States. The GDPR, which came into effect on May 25, 2018, introduced new data
protection requirements in the European Union, as well as potential fines for noncompliant companies of up to the greater of 20
million or 4 of annual global revenue. The regulation imposes numerous new requirements for the collection, use and disclosure of personal
information, including more stringent requirements relating to consent and the information that must be shared with data subjects about
how their personal information is used, the obligation to notify regulators and affected individuals of personal data breaches, extensive
new internal privacy governance obligations and obligations to honor expanded rights of individuals in relation to their personal information
(e.g., the right to access, correct and delete their data). Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject
to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States,
and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the EU and the United States remains uncertain. For example, in
2016, the EU and United States agreed to a transfer framework for data transferred from the EU to the United States, called the Privacy
Shield, but the Privacy Shield was invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union. 

43 

Compliance
with U.S. and foreign data protection laws and regulations could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict
our ability to collect, use and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure by us
or our partners and third-party providers to comply with U.S. and foreign data protection laws and regulations could result in government
enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively
affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential partners obtain information,
as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information.
Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, failed to comply with data protection laws or breached our contractual
obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend, could result in adverse publicity and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Dependence on Third Parties 

Our
NanoAbs program is based on an exclusive license from MPG, and we could lose our rights to this license if a dispute with MPG arises
or if we fail to comply with the financial and other terms of the license. 

We
license the core intellectual property for our NanoAbs program from MPG under an exclusive license agreement, pursuant to which we received
an exclusive worldwide license for the development and commercialization of Covid-19 NanoAbs based on certain patents and intellectual
property owned by MPG and related thereto. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, unless earlier terminated in accordance with
the provisions thereof, the license agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis upon the later of (i)
the expiration or abandonment of the patent rights that relate to such product in such country and (ii) ten years from the date of first
commercial sale of such product in such country. However, MPG is entitled to terminate the exclusivity rights or to terminate the license
agreement if, among other things, the Company fails to submit an IND application by a certain date or if the patent rights licensed pursuant
to the License Agreement are invalidated. We have the right to license nanobodies against certain other molecular targets on the same
terms described above. 

If
MPG terminates the license agreement, or licenses to a third party the intellectual property it had licensed to us pursuant to this license
agreement, or if any dispute arises with respect to our arrangement with MPG, such dispute may disrupt our operations and would likely
have a material and adverse impact on us if resolved in a manner that is unfavorable to us. Our NanoAbs program is based on the intellectual
property licensed under the license agreement, and if the license agreement is terminated prior to its expiration, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

We
rely on MPG to create and provide NanoAbs for our Covid-19 NanoAbs program and expect to rely on them for other NanoAbs programs that
we may initiate in the future. 

We
rely on MPG to create and provide NanoAbs for our Covid-19 NanoAbs program and expect to rely on them for other NanoAbs programs that
we may initiate in the future. If the supply of NanoAbs is disrupted or delayed, we will not be able to complete, or may be delayed in
our efforts to, successfully develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates. 

If
we were to conduct clinical trials, we would rely on third parties to conduct any such clinical trials and those third parties may not
perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials. 

We
will rely on third parties such as contract research organizations, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and
clinical investigators, to conduct any future clinical trials on our behalf. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagement
with us at any time. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements, it would delay our product development activities. 

44 

Our
reliance on these third parties for clinical development activities reduces our control over these activities but does not relieve us
of our responsibilities. We remain responsible for ensuring that our clinical trial is conducted in accordance with the requirements
of the relevant regulator, and failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 

Furthermore,
third parties that we rely on for our clinical development activities may also have relationships with other entities, some of which
may be our competitors. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct
our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed
in obtaining, marketing approvals for any current and future product candidate(s). Our product development costs will increase if we
experience delays in testing or obtaining marketing approvals. 

A
disruption to our GMP biologics manufacturing facility in Jerusalem could adversely affect our business. 

Our
current manufacturing facility contains highly specialized equipment and materials and utilizes complicated production processes developed
over a number of years, which would be difficult, time-consuming, and costly to duplicate or, though a remote risk, may be impossible
to duplicate. If this facility were damaged or destroyed, or otherwise subject to disruption, including contamination, it would require
substantial lead-time to replace such manufacturing capabilities and could cause costly delays. In such event, we would be forced to
identify and rely entirely on third-party contract manufacturers for an indefinite period of time, which we may not be able to do in
a timely manner and would further increase our production costs. Any disruptions or delays at our facility or its failure to meet regulatory
compliance would significantly impair our ability to advance our NanoAbs program, which would result in increased costs and losses and
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Use
of third parties to manufacture current and future product candidate(s) may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities
of such product candidate(s) at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

Our
GMP biologics manufacturing facility in Jerusalem is capable of manufacturing an annual supply of current and future product candidate(s)
suitable for regulatory or other similar uses. However, we may also rely on a third party CMO for commercial supply of current and future
product candidates. 

Reliance
on a third party CMO entails risks, including: 

Reliance
on third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 

The
possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

The
possible failure to manufacture sufficient quantities of current and future product candidates due to reasons outside of the reasonable
control of the third party; 

The
possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our know-how; and 

The
possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

A
CMO may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside of the U.S. Our failure, or the failure
of our third-party manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidate(s),
operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product candidate(s). 

45 

We
may not obtain the necessary materials for the performance of any future clinical trials in the U.S. or other countries around the world
that we may conduct. 

Clinical
trials we may conduct in the future may involve obtaining materials and information that may not currently be in our possession and that
we rely on suppliers and manufacturers to provide. It is possible that the FDA or any other relevant regulatory body will request that
we provide materials or information that are not in our possession at that time before allowing us to proceed with any proposed clinical
trials. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we fail to adequately protect, enforce or secure rights to the patents which we own or that were licensed to us or any patents we may
own or license in the future, the value of our intellectual property rights would diminish and our business and competitive position
would suffer. 

Our
success, competitive position and future revenues, if any, depend in part on our ability to obtain and successfully leverage intellectual
property covering our product candidate(s), know-how, methods, processes and other technologies, to protect our trade secrets, to prevent
others from using our intellectual property and to operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

The
risks and uncertainties that we face with respect to our intellectual property rights include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the
degree and range of protection any patents will afford us against competitors; 

the
patents concerning our business activities were not registered in all countries and therefore our patent protection may be lacking in
some territories; 

if
and when patents will be issued; 

whether
or not others will obtain patents claiming aspects similar to those covered by our own or licensed patents and patent applications; 

we
may be subject to interference proceedings; 

we
may be subject to opposition or post-grant proceedings in foreign countries; 

any
patents that are issued may not provide meaningful protection; 

we
may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

other
companies may challenge patents licensed or issued to us or our customers; 

other
companies may independently develop similar or alternative technologies, or duplicate our technologies; 

other
companies may design around technologies we have licensed or developed; 

enforcement
of patents is complex, uncertain and expensive; and 

we
may need to initiate litigation or administrative proceedings that may be costly whether we win or lose. 

46 

If
patent rights covering our product candidate(s) and methods are not sufficiently broad, they may not provide us with any protection against
competitors with similar products and technologies. Furthermore, if the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO or any foreign patent office issue patents to us or our licensors, others may challenge the patents or design around the patents, or
the patent office or the courts may invalidate the patents. An adverse determination in any opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination,
post-grant and inter parties review or interference proceedings or foreign equivalent, or litigation, challenging our patent rights or
the patent rights of others could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology
or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products
without infringing third-party patent rights. Such proceedings and any other patent challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss
of exclusivity, loss of priority or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability
to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products or limit the duration of the patent protection
of our technology and product candidate(s). Thus, any patents we own or license form or to third parties may not provide any protection
against our competitors. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management,
even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or
other developments related to any of the foregoing proceedings. If securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative,
it could cause the price of the ADSs to decline. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
cannot be certain that patents will be issued as a result of any pending applications, and we cannot be certain that any of our issued
patents or patents licensed from MPG (or any other third-party in the future) will give us adequate protection from competing products.
Further, even if our owned or licensed patent applications issue as patents, the issuance of any such patents is not conclusive as to
their inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability and such patents may be challenged, invalidated, narrowed or held to be unenforceable. 

We
may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, or equivalent
foreign bodies. In addition, since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries,
we cannot be certain that we were the first to make our inventions or to file patent applications covering those inventions. 

Moreover,
some of our owned or in-licensed patents and patent applications may in the future be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to
obtain an exclusive license to any such co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able
to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, who could market competing products and technology. In addition,
we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not
be provided to us. 

It
is also possible that others may obtain issued patents that could prevent us from commercializing our product candidate(s) or require
us to obtain licenses requiring the payment of significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. The licensing
or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies
to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies
may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization
capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if
we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to
us. If we are unable to license such technology, or if we are forced to license such technology, on unfavorable terms, our business could
be materially harmed and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales,
or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. As to those patents that
we have licensed, our rights depend on maintaining our obligations to the licensor under the applicable license agreement, and we may
be unable to do so. 

In
addition to patents and patent applications, we depend upon proprietary know-how to protect our proprietary technology. We require our
employees, consultants, advisors and partners to enter into confidentiality agreements that prohibit the disclosure of confidential information
to any other parties. We also require our employees and consultants to disclose and assign to us their ideas, developments, discoveries
and inventions. These agreements may not, however, provide adequate protection for our know-how or other proprietary information in the
event of any unauthorized use or disclosure. 

47 

Obtaining
and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 

Periodic
maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime
of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary,
fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured
by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction.
Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure
to respond to office actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents.
In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Costly
litigation may be necessary to protect our intellectual property rights and we may be subject to claims alleging the violation of the
intellectual property rights of others. 

We
may face significant expense and liability as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents and other intellectual
property rights of others. In the event that another party has also filed a patent application or been issued a patent relating to an
invention or technology claimed by us in pending applications, we may be required to participate in an interference proceeding declared
by the USPTO to determine priority of invention, which could result in substantial uncertainties and costs for us, even if the eventual
outcome is favorable to us. We, or our licensors, also could be required to participate in interference proceedings involving issued
patents and pending applications of another entity. An adverse outcome in an interference proceeding could require us to cease using
the technology or to license rights from prevailing third parties. 

The
cost to us of any patent litigation or other proceeding relating to our licensed patents or patent applications, even if resolved in
our favor, could be substantial and could divert management s resources and attention. Competitors and other third parties may
infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our issued patents or other intellectual property or the patents or other intellectual
property of our licensors. Our ability to enforce our patent protection could be limited by our financial resources, and may be subject
to lengthy delays. In addition, our patents or the patents of our licensors may become involved in inventorship or priority disputes.
Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe
their patents or that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. In a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent
of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party
from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding
could put one or more of our owned or licensed patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. We may
find it impractical or undesirable to enforce our intellectual property against some third parties. 

A
third party may claim that we are using inventions claimed by their patents and may go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal
operations and activities, such as research, development and the sale of any current and future product candidate(s). Such lawsuits are
expensive and would consume time and other resources. There is a risk that a court will decide that we are infringing the third party s
patents and will order us to cease the activities claimed by the patents, including to cease commercializing the infringing technology
or product candidate(s), redesign our product candidate(s) or processes to avoid infringement, which may be impossible or require substantial
time and monetary expenditure, or obtain licenses (which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all). In addition,
there is a risk that a court will order us to pay the other party damages for having infringed their patents. 

There
is no guarantee that any prevailing patent owner would offer us a license so that we could continue to engage in activities claimed by
the patent, or that such a license, if made available to us, could be acquired on commercially acceptable terms. Even if we were able
to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us, and it
could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we
may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties and other
fees. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative
impact on our business. In addition, third parties may, in the future, assert other intellectual property infringement claims against
us with respect to our product candidate(s), technologies or other matters. Any claims of infringement asserted against us, whether or
not successful, may have a material adverse effect on us. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

48 

Even
if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims could result in substantial
costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation
could compromise our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our internal research programs or
in-license needed technology or other product candidate(s). There could also be public announcements of the results of the hearing, motions
or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative, it could cause
the price of the ADSs to decline. Any of the foregoing events could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

We
rely on confidentiality agreements that could be breached and may be difficult to enforce, which could result in third parties using
our intellectual property to compete against us. 

Although
we believe that we take reasonable steps to protect our intellectual property, including the use of agreements relating to the non-disclosure
of confidential information to third parties, as well as agreements that purport to require the disclosure and assignment to us of the
rights to the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions of our employees and consultants while we employ them, the agreements can
be difficult and costly to enforce. Although we seek to enter into these types of agreements with our contractors, consultants, advisors
and research and other partners, to the extent that employees and consultants utilize or independently develop intellectual property
in connection with any of our projects, disputes may arise as to the intellectual property rights associated with current and future
product candidates. If a dispute arises, a court may determine that the right belongs to a third party. In addition, enforcement of our
rights can be costly and unpredictable. We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how that we seek to protect in part by confidentiality
agreements with our employees, contractors, consultants, advisors or others. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements
with each party that may have or has had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite the protective
measures we employ, we still face the risk that: 

these
agreements may be breached; 

these
agreements may not provide adequate remedies for the applicable type of breach; 

our
proprietary know-how will otherwise become known; or 

our
competitors will independently develop similar technology or proprietary information. 

International
patent protection is particularly uncertain, and if we are involved in opposition proceedings in foreign countries, we may have to expend
substantial sums and management resources. 

Patent
law outside the United States may be different than in the United States. Further, the laws of some foreign countries, such as China
where certain patents owned or licensed by us were granted, may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the
laws of the United States, if at all. A failure to obtain sufficient intellectual property protection in any foreign country could materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations and future prospects. Moreover, we may participate in opposition proceedings
to determine the validity of our foreign patents or our competitors foreign patents, which could result in substantial costs and
divert management s resources and attention. Additionally, due to uncertainty in patent protection law, we have not filed patent
applications in many countries where significant markets exist. 

49 

Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations,
and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

others
may be able to make compounds that are the same as or similar to current and future product candidates but that are not covered by the
claims of the patents that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we
or our licensors or any future strategic partners might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or
pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we
or our licensors or any future strategic partners might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others
may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual
property rights; 

it
is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued
patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable,
as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our
competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information
learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we
may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and 

the
patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 

We
may be subject to claims that employees, partners or other third parties who were involved in the development of intellectual property
for the Company have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have
inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who were involved in the development of intellectual
property for the Company. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship. If we fail in
defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive
ownership of, or right to use valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even
if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management
and other employees. 

We
may become subject to claims for remuneration or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our employees, which could result
in litigation and adversely affect our business. 

A
significant portion of our intellectual property has been and may in the future be developed by our employees in the course of their
employment for us. Under the Israeli Patents Law, 5727-1967 (the Patents Law ), inventions conceived by an employee in the
course and as a result of or arising from his or her employment with a company are regarded as service inventions, which
belong to the employer, absent a specific agreement between the employee and employer giving the employee service invention rights. The
Patents Law also provides that if there is no such agreement between an employer and an employee, the Israeli Compensation and Royalties
Committee (the Committee ), a body constituted under the Patent Law, shall determine whether the employee is entitled to
remuneration for his inventions. Decisions by the Committee have created uncertainty in this area, as it held that employees may be entitled
to remuneration for their service inventions despite having specifically waived any such rights. However, a later decision by the Committee
held that such right can be waived by the employee. The Committee further held that an explicit reference to the waived right is not
necessary in every circumstance in order for the employee s waiver of such right to be valid. Such waiver can be formalized in
writing or orally or be implied by the actions of the parties in accordance with the rules of interpretation of Israeli contract law.
We generally enter into assignment-of-invention agreements with our employees pursuant to which such individuals assign to us all rights
to any inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement with us. Although our employees have agreed to assign to us
service invention rights, we may face claims demanding remuneration in consideration for assigned inventions. 

50 

We
may receive less revenue from any current and future product candidate(s) if any of our employees successfully claim for compensation
for their work in developing our intellectual property, which in turn could impact our future profitability. 

Our
employees may have been previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we try to ensure that our employees,
consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims
that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information,
of any such individual s former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in prosecuting
or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel.
Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs, delay development
of our product candidate(s) and be a distraction to management. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, prospects and results
of operations. 

Patent
terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidate(s) for an adequate amount of time. 

Patents
have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally
20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection
it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidate(s) are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product
candidate(s), we may be open to competition from competitive medications, including generic medications. Given the amount of time required
for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidate(s), patents protecting such product candidate(s) might expire
before or shortly after such product candidate(s) are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide
us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidate(s) similar or identical to ours. 

Depending
upon the timing, duration and conditions of any FDA marketing approval of our product candidate(s), one or more of our U.S. patents may
be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as
the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, and one or more of our foreign patents may be eligible for patent term extension under similar legislation,
for example, in the European Union. In the United States, the Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years
for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory
review process. However, there are no assurances that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority or national patent office
will grant such extensions, in whole or in part. For example, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during
the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant
patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. Only
one patent per approved product can be extended, the extension cannot extend the total patent term beyond 14 years from approval, and
only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. If we are unable
to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we can enforce our
patent rights for the applicable product candidate(s) will be shortened, and our competitors may obtain approval to market competing
products sooner. As a result, our revenue from applicable product candidate(s) could be reduced. Further, if this occurs, our competitors
may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product
earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
could be materially harmed. 

51 

Risks
Related to Our Operations in Israel 

Potential
political, economic and military instability in the State of Israel, where our senior management, our head executive office, research
and development, and manufacturing facilities are located, may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our
principal executive office, our research and development facilities and our current manufacturing facility are located in Israel. Our
officers and most of our directors are residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel and the
surrounding region may directly affect our business and operations. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number
of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries or terror organizations in those countries, including
Hezbollah in Lebanon (and Syria) and Hamas in the Gaza Strip, both of which involved missile strikes in various parts of Israel causing
the disruption of economic activities. Our offices and laboratory, located in Jerusalem, Israel, are within the range of the missiles
and rockets that have been fired at Israeli cities and towns. In addition, Israel faces threats from more distant neighbors, in particular,
Iran. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability in the region could adversely affect business conditions and
could harm our results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Parties with whom we do business may decline
to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary in order
to meet our business partners face to face. In addition, the political and security situation in Israel may result in parties with whom
we have agreements involving performance in Israel claiming that they are not obligated to perform their commitments under those agreements
pursuant to force majeure provisions in such agreements. Furthermore, the Israeli government is currently pursuing extensive changes
to Israel s judicial system. In response to the foregoing developments, critics have voiced concerns that the proposed changes
may negatively impact the business environment in Israel. This may, in turn, negatively affect our business, financial condition and
prospects. Further, in the past, the State of Israel and Israeli companies were subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries still
restrict business with the State of Israel and with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact
on our operating results, financial condition or the expansion of our business. 

Our
operations may be disrupted as a result of the obligation of Israeli citizens to perform military service. 

Many
Israeli citizens are obligated to perform several days, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty each year until they
reach the age of 40 (or older, for reservists who are military officers or who have certain occupations) and, in the event of a military
conflict, may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity, there have been periods of significant call-ups
of military reservists. It is possible that there will be military reserve duty call-ups in the future. Our operations could be disrupted
by such call-ups, which may include the call-up of members of our management. Such disruption could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Investors
may have difficulties enforcing a U.S. judgment, including judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
laws, against us, or our executive officers and directors or asserting U.S. securities laws claims in Israel. 

We
are incorporated in Israel. Most of our current executive officers and directors reside in Israel and most of our assets reside outside
of the United States. Therefore, a judgment obtained against us or any of these persons in the United States, including one based on
the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States and may not be enforced
by an Israeli court unless certain provisions of Israeli law are satisfied. It may also be difficult to effect service of process on
these persons in the United States or to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. 

Under
Israeli law, if U.S. law is found to be applicable to such a claim, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which
can be a time-consuming and costly process, and certain matters of procedure would be governed by Israeli law. There is little binding
case law in Israel addressing these matters. 

52 

Under
applicable U.S. and Israeli law, we may not be able to enforce covenants not to compete and therefore may be unable to prevent our competitors
from benefiting from the expertise of some of our former employees. In addition, employees may be entitled to seek compensation for their
inventions irrespective of their agreements with us, which in turn could impact our future profitability. 

We
generally enter into non-competition agreements with our employees and key consultants. These agreements prohibit our employees and key
consultants, if they cease working for us, from competing directly with us or working for our competitors or clients for a limited period
of time. We may be unable to enforce these agreements under the laws of the jurisdictions in which our employees work and it may be difficult
for us to restrict our competitors from benefitting from the expertise our former employees or consultants developed while working for
us. For example, Israeli courts have required employers seeking to enforce non-compete undertakings of a former employee to demonstrate
that the competitive activities of the former employee will harm one of a limited number of material interests of the employer which
have been recognized by the courts, such as the secrecy of a company s confidential commercial information or the protection of
its intellectual property. If we cannot demonstrate that such interests will be harmed, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from
benefiting from the expertise of our former employees or consultants and our ability to remain competitive may be diminished. 

Your
rights and responsibilities as our shareholder will be governed by Israeli law, which may differ in some respects from the rights and
responsibilities of shareholders of U.S. corporations. 

Since
we are incorporated under Israeli law, the rights and responsibilities of our shareholders are governed by our articles of association
and Israeli law. These rights and responsibilities differ in some respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of U.S.-based
corporations. In particular, a shareholder of an Israeli company, such as us, has a duty to act in good faith and in a customary manner
in exercising its rights and performing its obligations towards us and other shareholders and to refrain from abusing its power in us,
including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting of shareholders on certain matters, such as an amendment to our articles
of association, an increase of our authorized share capital, a merger and approval of related party transactions that require shareholder
approval. A shareholder also has a general duty to refrain from discriminating against other shareholders. In addition, a controlling
shareholder or a shareholder who knows that it possesses the power to determine the outcome of a shareholders vote or to appoint or prevent
the appointment of an office holder of ours or other power towards us has a duty to act in fairness towards us. However, Israeli law
does not define the substance of this duty of fairness. Since Israeli corporate law underwent extensive revisions approximately 15 years
ago, the parameters and implications of the provisions that govern shareholder behavior have not been clearly determined. These provisions
may be interpreted to impose additional obligations and liabilities on our shareholders that are not typically imposed on shareholders
of U.S. corporations. 

Changes
in Israeli tax laws and examinations by the Israeli Tax Authorities could increase our overall tax liabilities. 

We
are subject to various taxes and tax compliance obligations in Israel. Changes in Israeli tax laws and regulations or their implementation
in the future could increase our tax liabilities and our tax compliance obligations. In addition, the proper application of Israeli tax
laws is subject to certain uncertainties and require the exercise of judgement. We may be subject to examinations by the Israeli Tax
Authorities, and if our application or interpretation of Israeli tax laws is successfully challenged, we could be subject to additional
tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, which could adversely affect our business and financial position. 

Provisions
of Israeli law may delay, prevent or otherwise impede a merger with, or an acquisition of, our company, which could prevent a change
of control, even when the terms of such a transaction are favorable to us and our shareholders. 

Israeli
corporate law regulates mergers, requires tender offers for acquisitions of shares above specified thresholds, requires special approvals
for transactions involving directors, officers or significant shareholders and regulates other matters that may be relevant to these
types of transactions. For example, a merger may not be consummated unless at least 50 days have passed from the date that a merger proposal
was filed by each merging company with the Israel Registrar of Companies and at least 30 days from the date that the shareholders of
both merging companies approved the merger. In addition, the holder of a majority of each class of securities of the target company must
approve a merger. Moreover, a full tender offer can only be completed if the acquirer receives at least 95 of the issued share capital
(provided that a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal interest in such tender offer shall have approved the tender offer,
except that if the total votes to reject the tender offer represent less than 2 of the company s issued and outstanding share
capital, in the aggregate, approval by a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal interest in such tender offer is not required
to complete the tender offer), and the shareholders, including those who indicated their acceptance of the tender offer, may, at any
time within six months following the completion of the tender offer, petition the court to alter the consideration for the acquisition
(unless the acquirer stipulated in the tender offer that a shareholder that accepts the offer may not seek appraisal rights). 

53 

Our
articles of association provide that our directors (other than external directors) are elected to terms, with only two or three of our
directors (other than external directors) to be elected each year, in each case for a term of three years. The staggering of the terms
of our directors prevents a potential acquirer from readily replacing our entire board of directors at a single annual general shareholder
meeting. This could prevent an acquirer from seeking to effect a change in control of our company by proposing an acquisition proposal
offer opposed by our board, even if beneficial to our shareholders. 

Furthermore,
Israeli tax considerations may make potential transactions unappealing to us or to those of our shareholders whose country of residence
does not have a tax treaty with Israel exempting such shareholders from Israeli tax. For example, Israeli tax law does not recognize
tax-free share exchanges to the same extent as U.S. tax law. With respect to mergers, Israeli tax law allows for tax deferral in certain
circumstances but makes the deferral contingent on the fulfillment of numerous conditions, including a holding period of two years from
the date of the transaction during which sales and dispositions of shares of the participating companies are restricted. Moreover, with
respect to certain share swap transactions, the tax deferral is limited in time, and when such time expires, the tax becomes payable
even if no actual disposition of the shares has occurred. 

These
and other similar provisions could delay, prevent or impede an acquisition of us or our merger with another company, even if such an
acquisition or merger would be beneficial to us or to our shareholders. 

Because
a certain portion of our expenses is incurred in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, our results of operations may be harmed by currency
fluctuations and inflation. 

Our
reporting and functional currency is the NIS, but some portion of our operational expenses are in U.S. Dollars and Euros. As a result,
we are exposed to some currency fluctuation risks. We may, in the future, decide to enter into currency hedging transactions to decrease
the risk of financial exposure from fluctuations in the exchange rate of the currencies mentioned above in relation to the NIS. These
measures, however, may not adequately protect us from adverse effects. 

Risks
Related to our Securities 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of the ADSs. 

If
we fail to satisfy Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist the ADSs. On September 30, 2022, and
November 2, 2022, we received notices of non-compliance from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules regarding
minimum stockholders equity and minimum bid price. To address the minimum bid price non-compliance, on November 25, 2022, we effected
a change of the ADSs to our non-traded ordinary shares from the previous ratio of one (1) ADS representing forty (40) ordinary shares
to a new ratio of one (1) ADS representing four hundred (400) ordinary shares. On December 12, 2022, we reported that we had received
formal notifications from Nasdaq that we had regained compliance with these listing rules. The Company previously reported on, receipt
of the respective non-compliance notifications. There is a risk that following filing of this Annual Report we will receive a notice
of non-compliance from Nasdaq that we are not in compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules regarding minimum stockholders equity
due to the lower stockholders equity stated in our financial statements. 

A
delisting from Nasdaq would likely have a negative effect on the price of the ADSs and would impair shareholders ability to sell
or purchase their ADSs when they wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us
to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow the ADSs to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the
liquidity of the ADSs, prevent the ADSs from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance
with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

54 

If
we fail to meet all applicable Nasdaq Capital Market requirements and Nasdaq determines to delist our shares, the delisting could adversely
affect the market liquidity of our shares and the market price of our shares could decrease significantly. 

Nasdaq
requires that the closing bid price of the ADSs do not fall below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. If we are unable
to maintain compliance with this closing bid price requirement, the ADSs could be delisted from Nasdaq. If this were to occur, trading
of our securities would most likely take place in an over-the-counter market for unlisted securities. An investor would likely find it
less convenient to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our securities in an over-the-counter market, and many investors
would likely not buy or sell our securities due to difficulty in accessing over-the-counter markets, policies preventing them from trading
in securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons. In addition, as a delisted security, our securities would be subject
to SEC rules as a penny stock, which impose additional disclosure requirements on broker-dealers. The regulations relating
to penny stocks, coupled with the typically higher cost per trade to the investor of penny stocks due to factors such as broker commissions
generally representing a higher percentage of the price of a penny stock than of a higher-priced stock, would further limit the ability
of investors to trade in our securities. For these reasons and others, delisting would adversely affect the liquidity, trading volume
and price of our securities, causing the value of an investment in us to decrease and having an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations, including our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and raise capital. 

There
is a significant risk that we will be a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the current or any
other taxable year, which generally would result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to our U.S. investors. 

There
is a significant risk that we will be treated as a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for our current or any other taxable
year. In general, a non-U.S. corporation is a PFIC for any taxable year in which (i) 75 or more of its gross income consists of passive
income (the income test or (ii) 50 or more of the average value of its assets (generally determined on a quarterly basis)
consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income (the assets test ). Generally, passive
income includes interest, dividends, rents, royalties and certain gains. Cash is a passive asset for PFIC purposes. Goodwill is an active
asset under the PFIC rules to the extent attributable to activities that produce active income. 

The
assets shown on our balance sheet are expected to consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. Therefore, whether we will satisfy
the assets test for the current or any future taxable year will depend largely on the quarterly value of our goodwill, and on how quickly
we utilize our current and future cash balances in our business. Therefore, because we hold, and expect to continue to hold, substantial
amounts of cash, there is a significant risk that we will be a PFIC under the assets test due to our decreased market capitalization
and the volatility of the ADSs price. In addition, there is no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not assert that for purposes
of the assets test a portion of our goodwill is not an active asset, in which case our risk of being or becoming a PFIC will increase.
Further, it is not entirely clear how the income test should apply to a company like us and we may be a PFIC for any taxable year if
the amount of our interest and other passive income constitutes 75 or more of our overall gross income as calculated for U.S. federal
income tax purposes (generally, gross receipts minus cost of goods sold). Moreover, the composition of our income and assets may change.
For these reasons, and since a company s annual PFIC status can be determined only after the end of each taxable year, we cannot
express a view as to whether we will be a PFIC for the current or any future taxable year. U.S. investors should therefore invest in
the ADSs only if they are willing to bear the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in a PFIC. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. investor owns the ADSs, such U.S. investor could be subject to certain adverse
U.S. federal income tax consequences, including increased tax liability on gains from dispositions of the ADSs and certain distributions,
and a requirement to file annual reports with the Internal Revenue Service. 

We
have not paid, and do not currently intend to pay, dividends on the ADSs and, therefore, unless our traded securities appreciate in value,
our investors may not benefit from holding our securities. 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on the ADSs since inception. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on the ADSs in the foreseeable
future. Moreover, the Israeli Companies Law, as amended (the Companies Law imposes certain restrictions on our ability
to declare and pay dividends. As a result, investors in the ADSs will not be able to benefit from owning these securities unless their
market price becomes greater than the price paid by such investors and they are able to sell such securities. We cannot assure you that
you will ever be able to resell our securities at a price more than the price paid. 

55 

You
may not receive the same distributions or dividends as those we make to the holders of our Ordinary Shares, and, in some limited circumstances,
you may not receive dividends or other distributions on our Ordinary Shares and you may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal
or impractical to make them available to you. 

The
depositary for the ADSs has agreed to pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on Ordinary Shares
or other deposited securities underlying the ADSs, after deducting its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion
to the number of Ordinary Shares the ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or
impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder
of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act, but that are not properly registered or distributed
under an applicable exemption from registration. In addition, conversion into U.S. dollars from foreign currency that was part of a dividend
made in respect of deposited Ordinary Shares may require the approval or license of, or a filing with, any government or agency thereof,
which may be unobtainable. In these cases, the depositary may determine not to distribute such property and hold it as deposited
securities or may seek to effect a substitute dividend or distribution, including net cash proceeds from the sale of the dividends
that the depositary deems an equitable and practicable substitute. We have no obligation to register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs,
Ordinary Shares, rights or other securities received through such distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action
to permit the distribution of ADSs, Ordinary Shares, rights or anything else to holders of ADSs. In addition, the depositary may withhold
from such dividends or distributions its fees and an amount on account of taxes or other governmental charges to the extent the depositary
believes it is required to make such withholding. This means that you may not receive the same distributions or dividends as those we
make to the holders of our Ordinary Shares, and, in some limited circumstances, you may not receive any value for such distributions
or dividends if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to you. These restrictions may cause a material decline in
the value of the ADSs. 

Holders
of ADSs must act through the depositary to exercise their rights as our shareholders. 

Holders
of the ADSs do not have the same rights of our ordinary shareholders and may only exercise the voting rights with respect to the underlying
Ordinary Shares in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement for the ADSs. Under Israeli law, the minimum notice period
required to convene a shareholders meeting is no less than 35 or 21 calendar days, depending on the proposals on the agenda for the shareholders
meeting. When a shareholder meeting is convened, holders of the ADSs may not receive sufficient notice of a shareholders meeting
to permit them to withdraw their Ordinary Shares to allow them to cast their vote with respect to any specific matter. In addition, the
depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to holders of the ADSs or carry out their voting instructions in
a timely manner. We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend voting rights to holders of the ADSs in a timely
manner, but we cannot assure holders that they will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct the depositary
to vote their ADSs. Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions
to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. As a result, holders of the ADSs may not be able
to exercise their right to vote and they may lack recourse if their ADSs are not voted as they requested. In addition, in the capacity
as a holder of ADSs, they will not be able to call a shareholders meeting. 

You
may be subject to limitations on transfer of the ADSs. 

The
ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books at any time or from time to
time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer
or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary
deems it advisable to do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the
deposit agreement, or for any other reason in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement. 

56 

General
Risks 

We
incur significant costs as a public company in the United States, and our management is required to devote substantial additional time
to new compliance initiatives as well as to compliance with ongoing U.S. and Israeli reporting requirements. 

We
are a publicly traded company in the U.S. As a public company in the U.S., we incur additional significant accounting, legal and other
expenses. We also incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements of the SEC and the NASDAQ Capital Market, as well as
requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The implementation and testing of such processes and systems
may require us to hire outside consultants and incur other significant costs. Any future changes in the laws and regulations affecting
public companies in the United States, including Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations
adopted by the SEC and the NASDAQ Capital Market, for so long as they apply to us, will result in increased costs to us as we respond
to such changes. These laws, rules and regulations could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance,
including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees, if any, or as executive officers. 

The
market price for the ADSs has been and will likely remain volatile. 

The
market price for the ADSs has been and is likely to remain highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors
including the following: 

our
failure to obtain the authorizations necessary to commence future clinical trials; 

results
of clinical and preclinical studies; 

announcements
of regulatory approval or the failure to obtain it, or specific label indications or patient populations for its use, or changes or delays
in the regulatory review process; 

announcements
of technological innovations, new product candidate(s) or product enhancements by us or others; 

adverse
actions taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our clinical trials, manufacturing supply chain or sales and marketing activities; 

changes
or developments in laws, regulations, or decisions applicable to our product candidate(s) or patents; 

any
adverse changes to our relationship with manufacturers or suppliers; 

announcements
concerning our competitors or the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries in general; 

achievement
of expected product sales and profitability or our failure to meet expectations; 

our
commencement of or results of, or involvement in, litigation, including, but not limited to, any product liability actions or intellectual
property infringement actions; 

any
major changes in our board of directors, management or other key personnel; 

legislation
in the United States, Europe and other foreign countries relating to the sale or pricing of pharmaceuticals; 

announcements
by us of entering into or termination of significant strategic partnerships, out-licensing, in-licensing, joint ventures, acquisitions
or capital commitments; 

57 

expiration
or terminations of licenses, research contracts or other collaboration agreements; 

public
concern as to the safety of therapeutics we, our licensees or others develop; 

success
of research and development projects; 

developments
concerning intellectual property rights or regulatory approvals; 

variations
in our and our competitors results of operations; 

changes
in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if the ADSs are covered by these analysts; 

future
issuances of Ordinary Shares, ADSs or other securities; 

general
market conditions, including the volatility of market prices for shares of biotechnology companies generally, and other factors, including
factors unrelated to our operating performance; 

nationalization
of vaccines as part of a pandemic due to as part of national security, for example, under the U.S., Defense Production Act seizure of
manufacturing; and 

the
other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

These
factors and any corresponding price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of the ADSs, which would result
in substantial losses by our investors. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company and its management following a decline in the market
price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for biopharmaceutical companies, which have experienced significant share price
volatility in recent years. 

In
addition, the trading prices for securities of other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19
pandemic. The extent to which the outbreak may impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. 

In
addition, the securities market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the
operating performance of any particular company. These market fluctuations may also have a material adverse effect on the market price
of the ADSs. 

Substantial
future sales or perceived potential sales of the ADSs in the public market could cause the price of the ADSs to decline. 

Substantial
sales of the ADSs on Nasdaq may cause the market price of the ADSs to decline. Sales by us or our security holders of substantial amounts
of the ADSs, or the perception that these sales may occur in the future, could cause a reduction in the market price of the ADSs. 

The
issuance by the Company of any additional ADSs or grant of any securities by the Company that are exercisable for or convertible into
our Ordinary Shares or ADSs, may have an adverse effect on the market price of the ADSs and will have a dilutive effect on our existing
shareholders and holders of ADSs. 

Your
percentage ownership in us may be diluted by future issuances of share capital, which could reduce your influence over matters on which
shareholders vote. 

Our
board of directors has the authority, in most cases without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized
but unissued shares, including Ordinary Shares and ADSs issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options. Issuances of additional shares
and ADSs would reduce your influence over matters on which our shareholders vote. 

58 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they
adversely change their recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our traded securities, the market price
for the ADSs and trading volume could be negatively impacted. 

The
trading market for our securities may be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us,
our business, our market or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts, and we cannot provide any assurance that
analysts will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who may cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding
the ADSs, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of the ADSs would likely decline. If any
analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which in turn could negatively impact the price of the ADSs or their trading volume. 

As
of January 1, 2023, we are required to report as a U.S. domestic issuer and the benefits of a foreign private issuer are
no longer available to us, which will likely result in additional costs and expenses for us . 

As
of January 1, 2023, we have lost our status as a foreign private issuer and are required to adjust our disclosure and reporting
to comply with the requirements for domestic U.S. companies. As a result: 

We
are required to report on forms that are applicable to U.S. companies, such as Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, rather than the forms formerly
used us, such as Forms 20-F and 6-K 

We
are required to include substantially more information in proxy statements than previously provided 

We
can no longer make use of the registration statement on Form F-1 that was declared effective on December 15, 2022, and will need to file
a new registration statement on the relevant form applicable to domestic issuers should we wish to engage in public capital raising activities; 

We
engage in capital raising activities, there is a higher likelihood that investors may require us to file resale registration statements
with the SEC as a condition to any such financing; and 

We
may be required to modify certain of our policies to comply with accepted governance practices associated with U.S. domestic issuers. 

We
expect that complying with these additional requirements would increase our legal and audit fees which in turn, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as a result of being considered a domestic
issuer for reporting and disclosure requirements: 

We
are no longer exempt from certain of the provisions of U.S. securities laws such as (i) Regulation FD, which restricts the selective
disclosure of material information, (ii) exemptions for filing beneficial ownership reports under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act for
executive officers, directors and 10 shareholders (Forms 3, 4, and 5), and (iii) the Section 16(b) short swing profit rules 

We
are no longer permitted to disclose compensation information for our executive officers on an aggregate rather than an individual basis,
although such exemption may still be available to us as long as we remain an emerging growth company and 

We
have lost the ability to rely upon exemptions from Nasdaq corporate governance requirements that are available to foreign private issuers. 

As
a foreign private issuer, we were permitted to follow, and had followed through December 31, 2022, certain home country corporate governance
practices instead of those otherwise required under the Nasdaq Stock Market for domestic U.S. issuers. For instance, we followed home
country practice in Israel with regard to (a) the quorum requirement for shareholder meetings, (b) the lack of need for independent director
oversight of director nominations and for a nominating and governance committee; (c) the lack of need for separate executive sessions
of independent directors and non-management directors; and (d) the lack of need to obtain shareholder approval for certain dilutive events
such as (i) the establishment or amendment of certain equity-based compensation plans and (ii) certain transactions other than a public
offering involving issuances of a 20 or more interest in the company. 

59 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Office
Leasing Agreement 

We
lease approximately 1,850 square meters (20,000 square feet) in the Jerusalem BioPark, located in the Ein Kerem Hadassah campus, next
to Hadassah University Hospital and Hebrew University s Medical School. The facility includes laboratories, offices, and upstream
and downstream manufacturing suites for bulk production and limited capacity for single-dose syringe filling. We also have infrastructure
to support future product manufacturing processes and equipment. The manufacturing facility features modular, single-use infrastructure,
which enables us to adapt the facility to various manufacturing platforms (such as, for example, fermenters or bioreactors). 

We
believe this existing property is sufficient for our needs in the foreseeable future and that we have the ability to renew our lease
at market terms and expand if required. 

Fixed
Assets 

Our
fixed assets are comprised of factory leasehold improvements, laboratory equipment, furniture, software and improvements in the leased
property. The accumulated depreciation as stated in our financial reports is deducted from the fixed assets value. Our fixed assets,
less deduction for the accumulated depreciation, were 11.2 million for the period ended on December 31, 2022 and 12.3 million for the
period ended on December 31, 2021. 

Our
Main Laboratory 

Our
facility in Jerusalem consists of laboratories, manufacturing suites, and offices. The laboratories include (i) an analytical lab, which
conducts quality tests on our products using our designated analytical methods;; and (ii) technical research and development lab for
manufacturing process development and scale up. The manufacturing suites, defined as clean rooms , include a fermentation
suite upstream ), a protein purification suite downstream ), a formulation suite, an aseptic, automated pre-filled
syringes/vials filling, and an equipment cleaning and sterilization suite. In addition, we have two GMP cold, and ambient temperature
storage areas. 

BiondVax s
modern cGMP pharmaceutical manufacturing facility is designed in a modular Single Use technology concept enabling relatively
flexible production capabilities. Equipment units are mobile and can be replaced or relocated. The facility includes sufficient room
to conduct upstream, downstream and media / buffer preparation processes. Each clean room is segregated with a separate Fan Filter Unit
(FFU) designed to avoid cross contamination. 

The
analytical lab is equipped with advanced equipment and machinery including computerized analytical devices for qualitative and quantitative
analysis, equipment for measuring light absorption properties for identifying substances, equipment for measuring weight, acidity and
temperature, and equipment for identifying replication of DNA sequences. 

Our
laboratory also includes a separate technician room which contains our computers and software used to collect the data received from
our different devices for the purpose of analyzing it. The lab also contains refrigerators and freezers which are consistently monitored
and that are connected to a computerized control system. The production rooms are equipped with a fermentation facility, machinery for
filtering and concentrating proteins, a computerized system for the characterization and separation of proteins, as well as equipment
allowing us to work under sterile conditions. 

The
facility also includes a Water for Injection (WFI) water purification system. The WFI system is controlled and monitored continuously. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, or proceeding by any court,
public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company,
threatened against or affecting our Company, our ordinary shares, our officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse
decision could have a material adverse effect. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

60 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BVXV and commenced trading on May 12, 2015. 

Authorized
Capital 

Our
authorized share capital consists of 20,000,000,000 ordinary shares, no par value each. As of December 31, 2022, there were 989,290,784
ordinary shares issued and outstanding (including those represented by ADSs). All of our outstanding ordinary shares are validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable. Our ordinary shares are not redeemable and do not have any preemptive rights. 

Holders
of Common Equity 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 13 stockholders of record. Because our ADSs are held by depositaries, brokers and other nominees,
the number of beneficial holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number of stockholders of record. 

Dividend
Information 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends to our shareholders. Currently, we do not intend to pay cash dividends. We intend to reinvest
any earnings in developing and expanding our business. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be at the discretion
of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings, our financial condition, operating results,
contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, applicable Israeli law and other factors our board of directors may
deem relevant. In addition, the distribution of dividends is limited by Israeli law, which permits the distribution of dividends only
out of distributable profits except if otherwise approved by an Israeli court. In addition, if we pay a dividend out of income attributed
to our Benefited Enterprise during the tax exemption period, we may be subject to tax on the grossed-up amount of such income at the
corporate tax rate which would have been applied to such Benefited Enterprise s income had we not enjoyed the exemption for a Benefited
Enterprise. 

If
we pay any dividends, we will also pay such dividends to the ADS holders to the same extent as holders of our ordinary shares, subject
to the terms of the deposit agreement, including the fees and expenses payable thereunder. Cash dividends on our ordinary shares, if
any, will be paid to ADS holders in U.S. dollars. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we have issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, including: 

- On
 February 7, 2022 the Company issued 15,000 ADSs to Max-Planck-Gesellschaft zur F rderung
 der Wissenschaften e.V. under our exclusive, worldwide, License Agreement with MPG and UMG
 pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act; 

- On
 April 10, 2022, we issued 944 ADSs pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act to others
 for settlement of RSUs granted to the directors that had vested; 

- On
 April 11, 2022, we issued 4,316 ADSs to our directors for settlement of RSUs granted to the
 directors that had vested pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act; and 

- On
 November 14, 2022, we issued 17,694 ADSs to Hybrid Financial Ltd. for marketing services
 pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

61 

ITEM
6. [Reserved] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in
this Annual Report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties,
such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. See Forward-Looking Statements. 

Management s
discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition MD A is a supplement to the accompanying
condensed financial statements and provides additional information on BiondVax Pharamceutical Ltd. s BiondVax or
the Company business, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

When
we say we, us, our, Company, or BiondVax, we mean BiondVax Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. 

Overview 

BiondVax
is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing innovative immunotherapeutic products primarily
for the treatment of infectious and autoimmune diseases. Since its inception, the Company has executed eight clinical trials including
a seven country, 12,400 participant phase 3 trial of its prior lead drug candidate, a universal influenza vaccine candidate M-001 ),
and has built a GMP biologics manufacturing facility for biopharmaceutical products. While M-001 did not meet its clinical endpoints
and is no longer under development, the Company has developed a highly experienced pharmaceutical industry leadership team and built
its own fully equipped biotechnology drug manufacturing site. After receiving the phase 3 trial results in Q3 2020, the Company performed
a turnaround process, raised capital, hired new talent (including a new CEO) and in-licensed new intellectual property, and is in the
process of developing a pipeline of diversified and commercially viable products built around an innovative nanosized antibody (NanoAb)
platform collaboration. NanoAbs are nanosized antibodies derived from camelid animals and are also known as VHH-antibodies or Nanobodies.
 Nanobody is a trademark registered by ABLYNX N.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi. BiondVax has no affiliation with
and is not endorsed by Sanofi. 

As
part of the abovementioned turnaround, on December 22, 2021, the Company signed a definitive exclusive, worldwide, License Agreement LA with the Max Planck Society MPG ), the parent organization of the Max Planck Institute for Multidisciplinary
Sciences, and the University Medical Center G ttingen UMG ), both in Gottingen, Germany, for the development and commercialization
of innovative NanoAbs for the treatment of COVID-19. The agreement provides for an upfront payment, development and sales milestones
and royalties based on sales and sharing of sublicense revenues. In addition, the Company signed an accompanying Research Collaboration
Agreement aRCA with MPG and UMG in support of the abovementioned development of a COVID-19 NanoAb. The aRCA provides
for monthly payments to MPG and UMG and has a term until the earlier of two years or the date the Company enters into first in-human
clinical trials with the COVID-19 NanoAb. 

62 

On
March 23, 2022, we signed a five-year Research Collaboration Agreement RCA with MPG and UMG covering the discovery, selection
and characterization of NanoAbs for up to nine molecular targets that have the potential to be further developed into drug candidates
for the treatment of disease indications such as psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, asthma and wet macular degeneration. These are all large
and growing markets with underserved medical needs. In each case, the molecular target has been validated as an appropriate target for
therapeutic intervention through inhibition by an antibody, thereby significantly reducing the discovery work that typically entails
many years of research, high cost and high risk of failure. We believe that we can leverage our NanoAbs unique and strong binding
affinity, stability at high temperatures, and potential for more effective and convenient routes of administration towards competitive
commercial viability. We believe that since these are clinical validated targets, we can develop NanoAb treatments with reduced risk
and cost, and accelerate the time from NanoAb selection to initiation of clinical development. Each NanoAb candidate is therefore positioned
as a biobetter piggybacking on prior discoveries of others to mitigate risk but with significant potential advantages over
existing therapeutics. In addition, each NanoAb constitutes a novel molecule for which we file patent applications thereby creating a
proprietary position. BiondVax has the exclusive option for an exclusive, pre-negotiated worldwide license agreement for the development
and commercialization of each of the NanoAbs covered by the RCA with MPG and UMG. 

We
lease approximately 1,850 square meters (20,000 square feet) in the Jerusalem BioPark, located in the Ein Kerem Hadassah campus, next
to Hadassah University Hospital and Hebrew University s Medical School. The facility includes laboratories, offices, and upstream
and downstream manufacturing suites for bulk production and limited capacity for single-dose syringe filling. We also have infrastructure
to support future product manufacturing processes and equipment. The manufacturing facility features modular, single-use infrastructure,
which enables us to adapt the facility to various manufacturing platforms (such as, for example, fermenters or bioreactors). 

Results
of Operations 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 vs. Twelve Months Ended December
31, 2021 

To
date, we have funded our operations primarily through (i) the sale of equity securities in both public and private offerings, (ii) a
rights offering, (iii) exercises of warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering in the U.S., (iv) funding received
from the IIA, and (iv) proceeds from the Finance Contract with the EIB. In February, 2021, December 2021, and December 2022 we raised
gross proceeds of approximately 13.8 million, 9.8 million, and 8 million respectively, in underwritten offerings of the ADSs (and,
in December 2022, two warrants to purchase ADSs for each ADS offered). As of December 31, 2022, we had 14 million of cash and cash equivalents
and short-term deposits. 

We
expect that we will incur additional losses soon as a result of our research and development activities. Such research and development
activities will require us to obtain and expend further resources if we are to be successful. As a result, we expect to continue to incur
operating losses, and we may be required to obtain additional funds to further develop our research and development programs. As a result
of our research and development activities and our failure to generate revenues since our inception, among other things, our net loss
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.7 million. 

Operating
Expenses 

Research
and development expenses . Our research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 5.7
million, compared to 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.The increase of 2.5 million was primarily due to an increase of
salary and related expenses of 0.9 million, Max Plank related expense of 1 million and expenses related to the launch of COVID-19
NanoAb project of 0.6 million. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel expenses, fees
paid to consultants, patent-related legal fees, costs of preclinical studies and clinical studies, drug and laboratory supplies, and
costs for facilities and equipment. We charge all research and development expenses to operations as they are incurred. We expect our
research and development expenses to remain our primary expense in the near future. Increases or decreases in research and development
expenditures are attributable to the number and/or duration of the clinical studies that we conduct. 

63 

We
expect that a large percentage of our research and development expenses in the future will be incurred in support of our future clinical
development projects. Due to the inherently unpredictable nature of clinical development processes, we are unable to estimate with any
certainty the costs we will incur. Clinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially
from expectations. 

Our
future research and development expenses will depend on any Company product candidate s commercial potential. As we obtain results
from clinical studies, we may elect to discontinue or delay clinical studies for any Company product candidate in certain indications
in order to focus our resources on more promising product candidates. Completion of clinical studies may take several years or more,
but the length of time generally varies according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a product candidate. 

The
lengthy process of completing clinical studies and seeking regulatory approval for any Company product candidate requires the expenditure
of substantial resources. Any failure or delay in completing clinical studies, or in obtaining regulatory approvals, could cause a delay
in generating product revenue and cause our research and development expenses to increase and, in turn, have a material adverse effect
on our operations. Because of the risk factors set forth above in Item 1A, we are not able to estimate with any certainty when we would
recognize any net cash inflows from our projects. 

Developing
bio-pharmaceutical vaccines and medicines, conducting clinical trials, obtaining commercial manufacturing capabilities and commercializing
products is expensive and we will need to raise substantial additional funds to achieve our strategic objectives. Although we believe
that our existing cash resources (inclusive of gross proceeds of approximately 8 million received by the Company from a public follow-on
offering completed in December 2022) will be sufficient to fund our projected cash requirements at current monthly rates for at least
the next 12 months, we will require significant additional financing in the future to fund our operations, including if and when we conduct
clinical trials, obtain regulatory approval and obtain commercial manufacturing capabilities for any Company product candidate and commercialize
such product candidates. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the progress and costs of our clinical trials and other research
and development activities; 

the scope, prioritization and number of our clinical trials
and other research and development programs; 

the amount of revenues and contributions we receive under
future licensing, collaboration, development and commercialization arrangements with respect to our Company product candidates; 

the costs of the development and expansion of our operational
infrastructure; 

the costs and timing of obtaining regulatory approvals for
our Company product candidates; 

the ability of us, or our collaborators, to achieve development
milestones, marketing approvals and other events or developments under our potential future licensing agreements; 

the costs of filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending
patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the costs and timing of building and securing manufacturing
arrangements for clinical or commercial production; 

the costs of contracting with third parties to provide sales
and marketing capabilities for us or establishing such capabilities ourselves; 

the costs of acquiring or undertaking development and commercialization
efforts for any Company product candidate or platforms; 

the magnitude of our general and administrative expenses;
and 

any cost that we may incur under future in- and out-licensing
arrangements relating to one or more of our Company product candidates. 

64 

Until
we can generate significant recurring revenues, we expect to satisfy our future cash needs through the net proceeds received from future
private or public equity raising, grants from governmental agencies such as the IIA, debt or equity or other non-dilutive financings
such as the loan from EIB, among other financing mechanisms. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available to us on
acceptable terms, if at all. If funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate research or development
plans for, or commercialization efforts with respect to any Company product candidate. 

Since
2006, we received 5.8 million in IIA grants and Euro 24 million 25.6 million) in EIB loans. 

Marketing,
General and Administrative Expenses: 

Our
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 5.3 million, compared to 7.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mostly due to share-based expense of 1.0 million, a decrease in salary and related expenses
of 0.25 million, a decrease of 0.5 million in professional expenses and a decrease of 0.5 million in the premium for directors and
officers liability insurance. Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and expenses related to employee
benefits, including share-based compensation, for our general and administrative employees, which includes employees in executive and
operational roles, including finance and human resources, as well as consulting, legal and professional services related to our general
and administrative operations. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing research and development, marketing general and administrative expenses, other income (loss), and as we have
not yet generated revenues since our inception, our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.8 million, compared to our net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 8.2 million. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through public and private offerings of our equity securities in Israel and the
U.S., grants from the OCS (today known as the IIA), grants received by the Israeli Ministry of Economy and European grants under the
UNISEC consortium and the loan from the EIB. Information regarding the outstanding loan from the EIB is set forth above in Research
and other Grants: Finance Contract - European Investment Bank. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits of 14 million as compared to 17.3 million as of December
31, 2021. Our cash and cash equivalents are denominated in US dollars. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with net cash used in operating activities
of 7.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
cash used by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.2 million compared with net cash used by investing activities
of 0.13 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and primarily reflects decrease in short term deposits of 1.4 million, increase
in purchase of fixed assets of 0.7. million, proceeds from sale of equipment and change in long term assets. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6.7 million, mostly from gross proceeds from the underwritten
public offerings compared to 21.4 million as of December 31, 2021, mostly from proceeds from the exercise of warrants and from gross
proceeds from the underwritten public offerings in the U.S. 

At
December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit amounted to 115.8 million. We had working capital of 6.7 million as of December 31, 2022.
In the future, we may raise additional capital from external sources in order to continue the longer-term efforts contemplated under
our business plan. We expect to continue incurring losses for the foreseeable future and may need to raise additional capital to pursue
our product development initiatives, to penetrate markets for the sale of our Company product candidates and continue operations as presently
maintained. We cannot provide any assurance that we will raise additional capital. Our management believes that we have access to capital
resources through possible public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations or other means; however, we
have not secured any commitment for new financing at this time nor can we provide any assurance that new financing will be available
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If the economic climate in the U.S. deteriorates, our ability to raise additional capital
could be negatively impacted. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to curtail our research and development
initiatives and take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet
our obligations. These measures could cause significant delays in our efforts to commercialize our products, which is critical to the
realization of our business plan and our future operations. 

65 

On
February 2, 2021, the Company closed an underwritten offering in which it sold 2,434,783 ADSs at a public offering price of 4.95 per
ADS. On February 10, 2021, Aegis Capital Corp., the sole bookrunning manager for the underwritten offering, fully exercised its over-allotment
option to purchase an additional 365,217 ADSs, bringing total gross proceeds to the Company from the offering including exercise of the
over-allotment option of approximately 13.8 million. The Company received a net sum of 12.836 million and a net sum of 12.465 million
after deduction of issuance expenses. 

On
December 29, 2021, the Company closed an underwritten offering in which it sold 4,144,068 ADSs at a public offering price of 2.36 per
ADS for total proceeds of approximately 9.780 million, including ADSs acquired upon the full exercise by Aegis Capital Corp., the sole
bookrunning manager for the underwritten offering, of its over-allotment option to purchase additional ADSs. The Company received a net
sum of 9.020 million and a net sum of 8.817 million after deduction of issuance expenses. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company closed an underwritten offering in which it sold 1,600,000 units and pre-funded units. Each unit consisted
of one ADS and two warrants, each to purchase one ADS, and each pre-funded unit consisted of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one ADS
and two warrants each to purchase one ADS. Each ADS (or pre-funded warrant) was sold together with two warrants at a combined purchase
price of 5.00 per unit (or 4.999 per pre-funded unit after reducing 0.001 attributable to the exercise price of the pre-funded warrants).
One of the warrants will expire three years from the date of issuance, and the other warrant will expire one year from the date of issuance
and may be exercised for half an ADS on or prior to six (6) months following the original issuance for no additional consideration. The
Company received a net sum of 7.3 million and a net sum of 7.2 million after deduction of issuance expenses. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report in conformity with U.S. GAAP
requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. The Company s management believes that the estimates, judgment and assumptions used are reasonable based upon information
available at the time they are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
at the dates of the financial statements, and the reported amount of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

We
believe that the following accounting policies involve a substantial degree of judgment and complexity, and accordingly, these are the
policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.
See also note 2 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets 

The
Company s long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC No. 360 Property, Plant and Equipment, 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If indicators of impairment
exist and the undiscounted future cash flows that the assets are expected to generate are less than the carrying value of the assets,
the Company reduces the carrying amount of the assets through an impairment charge, to their estimated fair values. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no impairment indicators have been identified. 

66 

Fair
value of financial instruments 

The
accounting guidance for fair value provides a framework for measuring fair value, clarifies the definition of fair value, and expands
disclosures regarding fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting date. The accounting guidance
establishes a three-tiered hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level
 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date
 for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1
 inputs. 

Level
 2: Observable inputs that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets but corroborated
 by market data. 

Level
 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data are available. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Our
financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-29 which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 filings are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed
to do, and management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls
and procedures. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31,
2022 (the Evaluation Date ). Based on such evaluation, those officers have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective 

67 

Report
of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of our
principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; 

provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management
and directors; and 

provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management, including the CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(c) promulgated under the Exchange Act, of the
effectiveness, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, of its internal control over financial reporting using the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on the results of this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we implemented certain internal control procedures to address the previously identified material weaknesses
related to our control environment, risk assessment and monitoring. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

68 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table contains information with respect to our directors and executive officers. To the best of our knowledge, none of our
directors or executive officers have an arrangement or understanding with any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as
a director or officer. Our executive officers are appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Amir Reichman 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Tamar Ben-Yedidia 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Scientist 
 
 Uri Ben-Or 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Elad Mark 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Mark Germain 
 
 73 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jay Green (3) 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 George H. Lowell 
 
 77 
 
 Director 
 
 Morris Laster (1) (2) 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Yael
 Margolin (1) (2) (3) 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Samuel Moed 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Adi Raviv (1) (2) 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Avner Rotman 
 
 79 
 
 Director 

(1) Member
of the Audit Committee. 

(2) Member of the Compensation Committee. 

(3) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee 

The
following noteworthy experience, qualifications, attributes and skills for each executive officer and Board member, led to our conclusion
that the person should serve as a director in light of our business and structure: 

Mr.
Amir Reichman became full-time CEO of the Company on March 2, 2021 after sharing CEO duties during a transition period beginning
on January 21, 2021. Mr. Reichman served as Head of Global Vaccines Engineering Core Technologies and Asset Management at GSK Vaccines GSK in Belgium from December 2017 until March 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Reichman served as Senior Director of Vaccines
Supply Chain for GSK from September 2015 to November 2017. Prior to GSK, Mr. Reichman held various leadership roles of increasing responsibility
in the Global Vaccines Value Chain Management organization of Novartis Vaccines and Diagnostics Ltd. Novartis in Holly
Springs, NC from 2011 to 2015 when until Novartis Vaccines was acquired by GSK. In 2003, Mr. Reichman s academic research contributed
to the founding of NeuroDerm Ltd. NeuroDerm ), an Israeli company that developed a drug device combination product aimed
at transdermal drug delivery for the treatment of Parkinson s NeuroDerm was acquired by Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation in
2017 for 1.1 billion. Mr. Reichman served as NeuroDerm s first employee and Senior Scientist until his departure for an MBA at
the Wharton school in 2009. Mr. Reichman earned an M.Sc. in Biotechnology Engineering from the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in
Be er Sheva, Israel and an MBA in Finance and Health Care Management from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
in Philadelphia, PA. 

69 

Dr.
Tamar Ben-Yedidia has served as our Chief Scientist since 2004 and is responsible for the pre-clinical and clinical development and
trials of the Company. Dr. Ben-Yedidia began her career at Biotechnology General (Israel) Ltd., BTG (Rehovot), where she was employed
as lab manager from 1991 to 1994. Dr. Ben-Yedidia joined the Department of Immunology at the Weizmann Institute of Science from 1994
- 2004. Dr. Ben-Yedidia was involved in two European Consortium projects related to the evaluation of different approaches for vaccination,
has been invited to address conferences worldwide and is published in various scientific journals. Dr. Ben-Yedidia received her Ph.D.
in immunology from the Weizmann Institute after completion of her doctoral thesis titled A Peptide-Based Vaccine Against Influenza. 

Mr.
Uri Ben-Or , CPA, MBA, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since 2007. In January, 2007, Mr. Ben-Or founded CFO Direct, in which
he has served as the chief executive officer and through which he provides his services to our company. Mr. Ben-Or has over 20 years
of experience and significant expertise in corporate finance, accounting, M A transactions and IPOs, and has served as CFO with life
science companies traded on the TASE, on Nasdaq and over the counter. Mr. Ben-Or holds a B.Aegree in Business from the College of Administration,
and a M.B.A degree from the Bar Ilan University and is a certified public accountant in Israel. 

Mr. Elad Mark joined
the Company in 2018 as Site Head and has served as Chief Operating Officer since September 2019. As COO he oversees BiondVax s manufacturing
facility and scale up and technology transfer activities, including potential future CMO s. Prior to joining BiondVax, Mr. Mark
served for more than three years at Novartis as TPM (Technical Process Manager) and Area Lead Process for a large-scale biological facility
establishment in Singapore, a 800 million investment in a biologics facility focused on drug substance manufacturing based on cell culture
technology, which was designed to support both clinical and commercial production of potential new products that include monoclonal antibodies
for use in helping patients with autoimmune, respiratory and oncology disorders. Before that Mr. Mark served as the Head of the Engineering
Department in Biopharmax Group, a company which focuses on EPCM (Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Management) in the pharmaceutical
field. Mr. Mark is a principal bioprocess engineer with over 15 consecutive years of biotechnology engineering experience with diverse
project stages including feasibility study, conceptual and detail design, commissioning, qualification and process validation. Mr. Mark
holds a B.Sc. in Engineering from the Afeka Academic College of Engineering in Tel Aviv and an MBA from the Open University of Israel. 

Mr.
Mark Germain joined the board in 2018 and has served as the Chairman of our board of directors since 2019. Mr. Germain has been involved
as a founder, director, chairman of the board of, and/or investor in, over twenty companies in the biotech field and assisted many of
them in arranging corporate partnerships, acquiring technology, entering into mergers and acquisitions, and executing financings and
going public transactions. He graduated from New York University School of Law in 1975, Order of the Coif, and was a partner in a New
York law firm practicing corporate and securities law before leaving in 1986. Since then, and until he entered the biotech field in 1991,
he served in senior executive capacities, including as president of a public company that was sold in 1991. In addition to being a director
of BiondVax, Mr. Germain is a Managing Director at The Aentib Group, a boutique merchant bank, and served as a director on the board
of Pluristem Therapeutics from 2007 through June, 2022, including time as Co-Chairman and lead independent director. He is also a co-founder
and director of a number of private companies in and outside the biotech field. 

70 

Mr.
Jay Green CPA, CA, MAcc, joined the board in 2022. He is currently the Chief Financial Officer of a privately held, Canadian-based
healthcare services company, a role that he has held since January 2022. Prior to this, he completed a 19-year career with GSK across
several progressive leadership positions in GSK s three businesses of consumer healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and vaccines, as well
as corporate development. He also led GSK s global enterprise resource planning (ERP) program, one of the largest IT-enabled business
transformation programs in the company s history. Mr. Green recently served from 2014 to 2020 as Senior Vice President, Finance
and CFO of GSK s global vaccines business. Since 2020, Mr. Green has served in an advisory role to Gavi for COVAX, an international
initiative to support equitable distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. He is a Chartered Professional Accountant who holds a Master of Accounting
from the University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. 

Prof.
George H. Lowell, M.D. has served as a member of our board of directors since 2008. He is also since 2019 a member of the Board of
Directors and Chief Scientific Officer (CSO) of Healables Ltd., a private Israeli digital health start-up company. Prior to joining our
company, Prof. Lowell served as CSO for BioDefense at GlaxoSmithkline Biologicals (2006-7) which acquired ID Biomedical Corp. (IDB) and
CSO of IDB (2001-6) which acquired Intellivax Intl. Prof. Lowell served as founding CEO, President and CSO of the vaccine R D companies
he founded, Intellivax, Inc. in Baltimore and Intellivax Intl. Inc. in Montreal from 1995 until 2001. From 1974, Prof. Lowell served
on active duty in the US Army Medical R D Command (USAMRDC), retiring in 1994 with the rank of Colonel. During this period he served
as consultant in pediatric infectious diseases at The Walter Reed Army Medical Center and director of his laboratories at The Walter
Reed Army Institute of Research in Washington, D.C. From 1989-1991 COL Lowell served as Medical Liaison Officer attached to the US Embassy
in Israel representing the USAMRDC to the IDF Medical Corps Research Unit. Prof. Lowell has held a number of academic posts, including
Visiting Scientist at the Weizmann Institute of Science (Israel) and Visiting Professor, Hebrew University-Hadassah Medical Center (Israel).
Prof. Lowell holds a B.A. from Yeshiva University, and an M.D. from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University. Prof.
Lowell performed three years of post-doctoral training in pediatrics and pediatric infectious diseases and immunology at NYU-Bellevue
Medical Center, and The Mount Sinai Medical Center, NY, NY. We believe that Prof. Lowell is qualified to serve on our board of directors
based on his extensive experience and knowledge in the field of health care and years of executive leadership in the biomedical industry. 

Dr.
Morris Laster has served as a member of our board of directors since November 2017. Dr. Laster is a healthcare executive and entrepreneur
with 30 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. His expertise lies in the identification, development, management and
financing of advanced biomedical drugs and technologies. Dr. Laster is currently the CEO of Clil Medical Ltd., a biomedical consultancy
company, a position he has held since 2010. Since 2013, he is a Medical Venture Partner at OurCrowd, where he has led over 40 investments
and represents OurCrowd on the board of directors of Oncohost, HiL Applied Medical, MigVax, Sweetch and DreaMed Diabetes. Dr. Laster
has founded seven companies that have gone public in the U.S., UK or Israel. Previously, he was the founding CEO of BioLineRx Ltd. (TASE:BLRX)
from 2003 to 2009. In addition, he was the chairman and CEO of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:KERX) from 1997 to 2002. Dr. Laster began
his career as a VP of medical venture capital at Paramount Capital in NYC. Dr. Laster received his MD from Downstate Medical Center,
Brooklyn, NY in 1990 and a BS in Biology from SUNY Albany. 

Dr.
Yael Margolin has more than 35 years of experience as senior manager, CEO and board member in venture capital and in the pharmaceutical
and biotech industries, leading strategic and business planning, financing, team building, product development and corporate partnerships.
From 2005 to 2019, Dr. Margolin served as President, Chief Executive Officer and director of Gamida Cell Ltd., a clinical stage biopharmaceutical
company, leading the company from preclinical development through phase 3 international registration studies. Prior to that, Dr. Margolin
was Vice President of Denali Ventures LLC, a venture capital firm focused on healthcare, and a program manager at Teva Pharmaceuticals.
Dr. Margolin holds a bachelor of science in biology and a master of science Cum Laude from the department of microbiology, both from
Tel Aviv University in Israel, a Ph.D. from the department of membrane research at the Weitzman Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel
and was a post-doctoral associate at the Yale University School of Medicine. 

71 

Mr.
Samuel Moed is a healthcare executive with over 35 years of experience. Mr. Moed was for seven years Head of Corporate Strategy at
Bristol Myers Squibb BMS ), a global biopharma company, until his retirement in 2020. Prior to that role, Mr. Moed was
Head of Strategy Worldwide Pharma, President of US Pharma and President of the WW Consumer Healthcare Business at BMS. In addition to
BiondVax, Mr. Moed serves on the board of Mediwound Ltd., a company that develops, manufactures and commercializes bio-therapeutic solutions
for tissue repair and regeneration, is a Venture Partner at aMoon, a HealthTech and Life Sciences investment fund with BiondVax s
former controlling shareholder Mr. Marius Nacht as the anchor investor, and advises companies in the healthcare arena. Mr. Moed received
his BA in history from Columbia University in New York City in 1985. 

Mr.
Adi Raviv is a senior financial executive with a career spanning over 35 years. Mr. Raviv founded HTI Associates LLC in 1996 and
since then has served as its managing member. In addition, since April 2016 he has been a Principal at Capacity Funding LLC, a company
providing working capital solutions to small businesses. Prior to that, Mr. Raviv served in a chief financial officer position in two
other companies that provide similar types of funding alternatives from 2009 to 2016. Mr. Raviv has extensive capital markets, cash management,
corporate finance, investment banking, investor relations, restructuring, tax and treasury, and transactional experience along with knowledge
of the private equity and venture capital arenas. Mr. Raviv co-founded THCG, Inc., a publicly traded technology merchant banking and
consulting company (where he was also CFO), and has been involved with companies in challenging startup, growth, and turnaround environments.
He was also an investment banker at Lehman Brothers, Oscar Gruss and Hambros for over a dozen years. Mr. Raviv has served on the boards
of directors of many private and several public companies, as well as various non-profit entities. He received a bachelor s degree
in International Relations with honors from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and an MBA, with honors, from Columbia University in New
York City. 

Professor
Avner Rotman has been a member of our board of directors since 2005 and served as the Chairman until 2019. Prof. Rotman founded Rodar
Technologies Ltd. in 2000 and served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board until 2019. Prof. Rotman also founded Bio-Dar
Ltd. in 1984, and served as its President and CEO from 1985 until 2000. Prof. Rotman was also the chairman of the I-Tech incubator at
Kyriat Weizmann. Prof. Rotman is the Founder and Chairman of the Foundation of Cardiovascular Research in Israel. Prof. Rotman holds
a PhD in chemistry from the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel, and an M.Sc and B.Sc in chemistry from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem,
Israel. We believe that Prof. Rotman is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive experience and knowledge
in the field of biotechnology and as an executive officer and director of multiple biotechnology companies. 

Our
Scientific Advisory Board 

The
following table sets forth certain biographical information with respect to our Scientific Advisory Board members: 

Professor
Ruth Arnon , the head of our Scientific Advisory Board, is the inventor of the new synthetic influenza vaccine and head of BiondVax s
Scientific Advisory Board. Formerly Vice-President of the Weizmann Institute of Science (1988-1997), Professor Arnon is an internationally
acclaimed immunologist. Along with Prof. Michael Sela, she conceptualized and developed Copaxone , a drug for the treatment of multiple
sclerosis which was approved by the FDA and is presently marketed worldwide. Prior to her appointment as Vice-President of the Weismann
Institute, Prof. Arnon served as Head of the Department of Chemical Immunology and as Dean of the Faculty of Biology. From 1985 to 1994,
Prof. Arnon was Director of the Weisman Institute s McArthur Center for Molecular Biology of Tropical Diseases. Prof. Arnon has
made significant contributions in the fields of vaccine development, cancer research and to the study of parasitic diseases. She has
served as President of the European Federation of Immunological Societies, and as Secretary-General of the International Union of Immunological
Societies. Dr. Arnon is the recipient of numerous international and Israeli awards including the prestigious Israel Prize. Prof. Arnon
was also the Advisor for Science to the President of Israel. She is a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences, where she served as President
from 2010-2015. Prof. Arnon is the incumbent of the Paul Ehrlich Chair in Immunochemistry at the Weizmann Institute. 

72 

Prof.
Michel Revel , has M.D. and Ph.D. degrees. Born in 1938 in France, he joined the Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel in
1968, where he has been a full professor since 1973, heading for several periods the Departments of Virology and of Molecular Genetics.
He has been an emeritus professor since 2010. Prof. Revel is best known for his work on the mechanism of action of interferon and the
cloning of the genes for human interferon beta (IFN- and interleukin-6 (IL-6). He developed the first efficient genetic engineering
production of a protein (IFN-b) in animal cells (CHO cells). He was Chief Scientist of InterPharm (Serono group), which produced the
recombinant IFN-b (Rebif), a leading drug for treatment of multiple sclerosis, now 20 years in the market and sold in 90 countries by
Merck Kga. Since 2010, Prof. Revel is co-founder and Chief Scientist of Kadimastem, an Israeli company producing human tissues by differentiation
of pluripotent stem cells (ESC). The first product of Kadimastem, AstroRx, has recently been approved for clinical trial in Amyotrophic
Lateral Sclerosis (ALS). Kadimastem also develops ESC-derived islet-like cells for the treatment of diabetes. Prof. Revel has received
the Israel Prize for Medicine in 1999 and the Emet Prize in 2004. He was elected at the Israel National Academy of Science and Humanities
in 2005. He served as chairman of the National Biotechnology Committee of Israel (1999-2002). 

Professor
Dr. Matthias Dobbelstein has served as Director of the Institute of Molecular Oncology at the University Medical Center G ttingen
(UMG), Germany since 2005 and is also an Associate Member of the Max Planck Institute for Multidisciplinary Sciences (MPI-NAT). He received
his training as a physician at the University of Munich (LMU) and performed research as a virologist and cancer biologist at Princeton
University (USA), the University of Marburg (Germany) and the University of Southern Denmark. 

Professor
Dobbelstein s research interests focus on principles of infections and cancer, including the application of anti-cancer drugs as
antivirals, as well as alpaca-derived NanoAbs (nanosized antibodies also known as nanobodies and VHH antibodies) as therapeutics. His
collaboration with Professor Dr. Dirk G rlich at MPI-NAT as highlighted in their 2021 EMBO Journal article titled Neutralization
of SARS-CoV-2 by highly potent, hyperthermostable, and mutation-tolerant nanobodies forms the scientific basis of BiondVax s
exclusive license for development and commercialization of an innovative, self-administered, inhaled NanoAb for the treatment of COVID-19.
As recently reported, a preclinical trial of the inhaled anti-COVID-19 NanoAbs demonstrated significantly milder illness and faster recovery
in comparison to infected hamsters treated with inhaled placebo. In addition, Professor Dobbelstein, together with Professor G rlich,
is collaborating with BiondVax under a five-year strategic research agreement for the discovery, characterization and cloning of additional
NanoAbs for the treatment of autoimmune diseases such as psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, asthma and macular degeneration. 

Prof.
George H. Lowell, M.D. , a member of our board of directors, also serves on our Scientific Advisory Board. Biographical information
regarding Prof. Lowell appears above. 

Family
Relationships. 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities, to file reports with the SEC relating to their share ownership and changes in such ownership. As a former
foreign private issuer, our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders were not subject to the Section 16(a) filing
requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company currently maintains a Code of Ethics which applies to all directors, officers, and employees. A copy of our Code of Ethics can
be found on our website at www.biondvax.com. 

73 

Board
Composition and Director Independence 

Our
board of directors consists of nine members. The directors will serve until our next annual meeting and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. The Company defines independent as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing
standards. 

In making the determination of whether a member of the board is independent,
our board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate family and the Company,
including those reported under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions . The purpose of this review
is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the
directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions, our board affirmatively
determined that Morris Laster, Yael Margolin, Adi Raviv, Jay Green, Avner Rotman and George H. Lowell are qualified as independent and
that they have no material relationship with us that might interfere with his or her exercise of independent judgment. 

Board
Committees 

Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation
committee, and a nominating and governance committee. Each of the board committees has the composition and responsibilities described
below. Members will serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Mr. Adi Raviv, Dr. Yael Margolin and Dr. Morris Laster. Mr. Adi Raviv serves as the chairman of the audit
committee. 

Under
the NASDAQ Capital Market corporate governance rules, we are required to maintain an audit committee consisting of at least three independent
directors, each of whom is financially literate and one of whom has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

All
members of our audit committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and
the NASDAQ Capital Market corporate governance rules. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that Mr. Adi Raviv is an audit
committee financial expert as defined by the SEC rules and has the requisite financial experience as defined by the NASDAQ Capital Market
corporate governance rules. 

Each
of the members of the audit committee are deemed independent as such term is defined in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange
Act, which is different from the general test for independence of board and committee members. 

Our
board of directors adopted an audit committee charter effective upon the listing of the ADSs and warrants on the NASDAQ Capital Market
that set forth the responsibilities of the audit committee consistent with the rules of the SEC and the listing rules of the NASDAQ Capital
Market, as well as the requirements for such committee under the Companies Law, including the following: 

oversight
 of our independent registered public accounting firm and recommending the engagement, compensation or termination of engagement of
 our independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors in accordance with Israeli law; 

recommending
 the engagement or termination of the person filling the office of our internal auditor; and 

recommending
 the terms of audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm for pre-approval by our board
 of directors. 

Our
audit committee provides assistance to our board of directors in fulfilling its legal and fiduciary obligations in matters involving
our accounting, auditing, financial reporting, internal control and legal compliance functions by pre-approving the services performed
by our independent accountants and reviewing their reports regarding our accounting practices and systems of internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit committee also oversees the audit efforts of our independent accountants and takes those actions that it deems necessary
to satisfy itself that the accountants are independent of management. 

74 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee currently consists of Mr. Adi Raviv, Dr. Yael Margolin and Dr. Morris Laster. Dr. Yael Margolin serves as the
Chairman of the Compensation committee. The duties of the compensation committee include the recommendation to the company s board
of directors of a policy regarding the terms of engagement of office holders, to which we refer as a compensation policy. That policy
must be adopted by the company s board of directors, after considering the recommendations of the compensation committee, and will
need to be brought for approval by the company s shareholders, which approval requires a special approval for Compensation. 

Under
the Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company must appoint a compensation committee and adopt a compensation policy. 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

Our nominating and governance
committee currently consists of Mr. Jay Green and Dr. Yael Margolin. Mr. Jay Green serves as the Chairman of the nominating and governance
committee. The duties of the nominating and governance committee include identifying individuals qualified to become members of the Board
and recommending to the Board the nominees for election to the Board at the next annual general meeting of shareholders, reviewing the
Board committee structure and recommending to the Board for its approval directors to serve as members of each committee and reviewing
and reassessing the adequacy of the Company s corporate governance guidelines. 

Israeli
Corporate Governance Requirements 

Companies
incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel whose shares are publicly traded, including companies with shares listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, are considered public companies under Israeli law and are required to comply with various corporate governance requirements
under Israeli law relating to such matters as external directors, the audit committee, the compensation committee and an internal auditor.
These requirements are in addition to the corporate governance requirements imposed by the listing rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market
and other applicable provisions of U.S. securities laws. 

Pursuant
to regulations enacted under the Israeli Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company whose shares are listed on certain
non-Israeli stock exchanges, including Nasdaq, that do not have a controlling shareholder (as such term is defined in the Israeli Companies
Law), may, subject to certain conditions, elect to opt-out of the requirements of the Israeli Companies Law regarding the
election of external directors and to the composition of the audit committee and compensation committee, provided that the company complies
with the requirements as to director independence and audit committee and compensation committee composition applicable to companies
that are incorporated in the jurisdiction in which its stock exchange is located. In March 2023, our board of directors elected to opt-out
of the Israeli Companies Law requirements to appoint external directors and related Israeli Companies Law rules concerning the composition
of the audit committee and compensation committee. 

The
foregoing exemptions will continue to be available to us so long as: (i) we do not have a controlling shareholder (as such
term is defined under the Israeli Companies Law), (ii) our shares are traded on a U.S. stock exchange, including Nasdaq, and (iii) we
comply with the Nasdaq rules applicable to domestic U.S. companies. If in the future we were to have a controlling shareholder, we would
again be required to comply with the requirements relating to external directors and composition of the audit committee and compensation
committee. 

Under
the Israeli Companies Law, the term controlling shareholder means a shareholder with the ability to direct the activities
of the company, other than by virtue of being an office holder. A shareholder is presumed to be a controlling shareholder if the shareholder
holds 50 or more of the voting rights in a company or has the right to appoint the majority of the directors of the company or its general
manager. For the purpose of approving transactions with controlling shareholders, the term controlling shareholder also
includes any shareholder that holds 25 or more of the voting rights of the company if no other shareholder holds more than 50 of the
voting rights in the company 

Compensation
Policy 

The
Compensation Policy must be based on certain considerations, must include certain provisions and needs to reference certain matters as
set forth in the Companies Law. The Compensation Policy must be approved by the company s board of directors after considering
the recommendations of the compensation committee. In addition, the Compensation Policy needs to be approved by the company s shareholders
by a simple majority, provided that (i) such majority includes a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders who are not controlling
shareholders and who do not have a personal interest in the matter, present and voting (abstentions are disregarded) or (ii) the votes
cast by shareholders who are not controlling shareholders and who do not have a personal interest in the matter who were present and
voted against the Compensation Policy, constitute two percent or less of the voting power of the company. Such majority determined in
accordance with clause (i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to as the Compensation Majority. 

75 

To
the extent a Compensation Policy is not approved by shareholders at a duly convened shareholders meeting, the board of directors of a
company may override the resolution of the shareholders following a re-discussion of the matter by the board of directors and the compensation
committee and for specified reasons, and after determining that despite the rejection by the shareholders, the adoption of the Compensation
Policy is for the benefit of the company. 

A
Compensation Policy that is for a period of more than three years must be approved in accordance with the above procedure every three
years. 

Notwithstanding
the above, the amendment of existing terms of office and employment of office holders (other than directors or controlling shareholders
and their relatives, who serve as office holders) requires the approval of only the compensation committee, if such committee determines
that the amendment is not material in relation to its existing terms. 

Pursuant
to the Companies Law and following the recommendation of our compensation committee, our board of directors approved our compensation
policy, and our shareholders, in turn, approved the Compensation Policy at our annual general meeting of shareholders that was held on
December 27, 2021. 

The
Compensation Policy must serve as the basis for decisions concerning the financial terms of employment or engagement of office holders,
including exculpation, insurance, indemnification or any monetary payment or obligation of payment in respect of employment or engagement.
The Compensation Policy must relate to certain factors, including advancement of the Company s objectives, the Company s
business plan and its long-term strategy, and creation of appropriate incentives for office holders. It must also consider, among other
things, the Company s risk management, size and the nature of its operations. The Compensation Policy must furthermore consider
the following additional factors: 

the
knowledge, skills, expertise and accomplishments of the relevant office holder; 

the
office holder s roles and responsibilities and prior compensation agreements with him or her; 

the
 ratio between the cost of the terms of employment of an office holder and the cost of the compensation of the other employees of
 the company, including those employed through manpower companies, in particular the ratio between such cost and the average and median
 compensation of the other employees of the company, as well as the impact such disparities may have on the work relationships in
 the company; 

the
 possibility of reducing variable compensation, if any, at the discretion of the board of directors; and the possibility of setting
 a limit on the exercise value of non-cash variable equity-based compensation; and 

as
 to severance compensation, if any, the period of service of the office holder, the terms of his or her compensation during such service
 period, the company s performance during that period of service, the person s contribution towards the company s
 achievement of its goals and the maximization of its profits, and the circumstances under which the person is leaving the company. 

76 

The
Compensation Policy must also include: 

a
link between variable compensation and long-term performance and measurable criteria; 

the
relationship between variable and fixed compensation, and the ceiling for the value of variable compensation; 

the
conditions under which an office holder would be required to repay compensation paid to him or her if it was later shown that the data
upon which such compensation was based was inaccurate and was required to be restated in the company s financial statements; 

the
minimum holding or vesting period for variable, equity-based compensation; and 

maximum
limits for severance compensation. 

The
compensation committee is responsible for (a) recommending the compensation policy to a company s board of directors for its approval
(and subsequent approval by its shareholders) and (b) duties related to the compensation policy and to the compensation of a company s
office holders as well as functions previously fulfilled by a company s audit committee with respect to matters related to approval
of the terms of engagement of office holders, including: 

recommending
 whether a compensation policy should continue in effect, if the then-current policy has a term of greater than three years (approval
 of either a new compensation policy or the continuation of an existing compensation policy must in any case occur every three years); 

recommending
to the board of directors periodic updates to the compensation policy; 

assessing
 implementation of the compensation policy; and 

determining
 whether the compensation terms of the chief executive officer of the company need not be brought to approval of the shareholders. 

Our
compensation committee s responsibilities include: 

reviewing
 and recommending overall compensation policies with respect to our Chief Executive Officers and other executive officers; 

reviewing
and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officers and other executive officers
including evaluating their performance in light of such goals and objectives; 

reviewing
and approving the granting of options and other incentive awards; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and making recommendations regarding the compensation and benefits for our non-employee directors. 

Internal
Auditor 

Under
the Companies Law, the board of directors of an Israeli public company must appoint an internal auditor in accordance with the recommendation
of the audit committee. An internal auditor may not be: 

a
 person (or a relative of a person) who holds more than 5 of the company s outstanding shares or voting rights; 

a
 person (or a relative of a person) who has the power to appoint a director or the general manager of the company; 

an
 office holder (including a director) of the company (or a relative thereof); or 

a
 member of the company s independent accounting firm, or anyone on his or her behalf. 

77 

The
 role of the internal auditor is to examine, among other things, our compliance with applicable law and orderly business procedures.
 The audit committee is required to oversee the activities and to assess the performance of the internal auditor as well as to review
 the internal auditor s work plan. On October 22, 2014, we appointed Mr. Gewirtz Yisrael as our internal auditor. Mr. Gewirtz
 Yisrael is a certified internal auditor and a partner at Fahn Kanne Co. Grant Thornton Israel, a certified public accounting
 firm in Israel. 

The
 board of directors shall determine the direct supervisor of the internal auditor. The internal auditor is required to submit his
 findings to the audit committee, unless specified otherwise by the board of directors. 

Exculpation,
Insurance and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Under
the Companies Law, a company may not exculpate an office holder from liability for a breach of the duty of loyalty. An Israeli company
may exculpate an office holder in advance from liability to the company, in whole or in part, for damages caused to the company as a
result of a breach of duty of care but only if a provision authorizing such exculpation is included in its articles of association. Our
articles of association include such a provision. The company may not exculpate in advance a director from liability arising out of a
prohibited dividend or distribution to shareholders. 

Under
the Companies Law, a company may indemnify an office holder in respect of the following liabilities and expenses incurred for acts performed
by him or her as an office holder, either pursuant to an undertaking made in advance of an event or following an event, provided its
articles of association include a provision authorizing such indemnification: 

financial
 liability imposed on him or her in favor of another person pursuant to a judgment, including a settlement or arbitrator s award
 approved by a court. However, if an undertaking to indemnify an office holder with respect to such liability is provided in advance,
 then such an undertaking must be limited to events which, in the opinion of the board of directors, can be reasonably foreseen based
 on the company s activities when the undertaking to indemnify is given, and to an amount or according to criteria determined
 by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances, and such undertaking shall detail the abovementioned foreseen events
 and amount or criteria; 

reasonable
 litigation expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by the office holder (i) as
 a result of an investigation or proceeding instituted against him or her by an authority
 authorized to conduct such investigation or proceeding, provided that (A) no indictment was
 filed against such office holder as a result of such investigation or proceeding; and (B)
 no financial liability, such as a criminal penalty, was imposed upon him or her as a substitute
 for the criminal proceeding as a result of such investigation or proceeding or, if such financial
 liability was imposed, it was imposed with respect to an offense that does not require proof
 of criminal intent; and (ii) in connection with a monetary sanction; and 

reasonable
 litigation expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by the office holder or imposed by a court in proceedings instituted
 against him or her by the company, on its behalf, or by a third party, or in connection with criminal proceedings in which the office
 holder was acquitted, or as a result of a conviction for an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent. 

78 

Under
the Companies Law and the Israeli Securities Law 5728-1968 (the Israeli Securities Law ), a company may insure an office
holder against the following liabilities incurred for acts performed by him or her as an office holder if and to the extent provided
in the company s articles of association: 

a
 breach of the duty of loyalty to the company, provided that the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe
 that the act would not harm the company; 

a
 breach of duty of care to the company or to a third party, to the extent such a breach arises out of the negligent conduct of the
 office holder; and 

a
 financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a third party. 

Under
our articles of association, we may insure an office holder against the aforementioned liabilities as well as the following liabilities: 

a
breach of duty of care to the company or to a third party. 

any
 other action against which we are permitted by law to insure an office holder; 

expenses
incurred and/or paid by the office holder in connection with an administrative enforcement procedure under any applicable law including
the Efficiency of Enforcement Procedures in the Securities Authority Law (legislation amendments), 5771-2011 and the Israeli Securities
Law, which we refer to as an Administrative Enforcement Procedure, and including reasonable litigation expenses and attorney fees; and 

a
 financial liability in favor or a victim of a felony pursuant to Section 52ND of the Israeli Securities Law. 

Under
the Companies Law, a company may not indemnify, exculpate or insure an office holder against any of the following: 

a
 breach of the duty of loyalty, except for indemnification and insurance for a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company to the
 extent that the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe that the act would not harm the company; 

a
breach of duty of care committed intentionally or recklessly, excluding a breach arising solely out of the negligent conduct of the office
holder; 

an
 act or omission committed with intent to derive illegal personal benefit; or 

a
 fine, civil fine, administrative fine or ransom or levied against the office holder. 

Under
the Companies Law, exculpation, indemnification and insurance of office holders in a public company must be approved by the compensation
committee and the board of directors and, with respect to certain office holders or under certain circumstances, also by the shareholders. 

Our
articles of association permit us to exculpate, indemnify and insure our office holders to the fullest extent permitted or to be permitted
by the Companies Law and the Israeli Securities Law, including expenses incurred and/or paid by the office holder in connection with
an Administrative Enforcement Procedure. 

We
have entered into agreements with each of our directors and executive officers exculpating them, to the fullest extent permitted by law
and our articles of association, and undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by law and our articles of association.
This indemnification is limited to events determined as foreseeable by the board of directors based on our activities, and to an amount
or according to criteria determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances. 

The
maximum indemnification amount set forth in such agreements is limited to an amount which shall not exceed 25 of our net assets based
on our most recently audited or reviewed financial statements prior to actual payment of the indemnification amount. Such maximum amount
is in addition to any amount paid (if paid) under insurance and/or by a third-party pursuant to an indemnification arrangement 

79 

In
the opinion of the SEC, indemnification of directors and office holders for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, however,
is against public policy and therefore unenforceable. 

We
have obtained directors and officers liability insurance for the benefit of our office holders and intend to continue to
maintain such coverage and pay all premiums thereunder to the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. In addition, we entered
into agreements with each of our office holders undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law, including
with respect to liabilities resulting from the initial public offering in the U.S., to the extent that these liabilities are not covered
by insurance. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors
or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
 any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
 Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
 Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive
officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are
required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

80 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

EXECUTIVE
OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid
by us during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock 
 All Other 
 Total 
 
 Name and Position(s) 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus ) 
 Awards ) (1) 
 Compensation ) (2) 
 Compensation ) 
 
 Amir Reichman 
 2022 
 368,257 
 182,012 
 545,538 
 12,228 
 1,108,035 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2021 
 426,904 
 250,267 
 572,347 
 8,682 
 1,258,200 

Tamar Ben-Yedidia 
 2022 
 257,225 
 41,773 
 48,814 
 15,926 
 636,738 
 
 Chief Scientist 
 2021 
 233,457 
 39,855 
 85,852 
 19,293 
 378,457 

- 
 
 Elad Mark 
 2022 
 233,736 
 39,216 
 13,098 
 4,064 
 290,114 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 202,361 
 37,511 
 24,437 
 21,543 
 285,852 

(1) Represents the grant date fair value of the RSU awards calculated for
book purposes in accordance with GAAP. These are non-cash amounts and do not represent actual amounts paid or to be realized. This is
a calculation performed for accounting purposes even though recipients may never realize any value from their awards. These RSUs are subject
to vesting and limitations on resales. For further information see Note 2 to the financial statements. 

(2) All
 other compensation consists of a car allowance. 

Employment
Agreements and Change-in-Control Provisions 

Mr.
Germain Service Agreement 

We
are party to a services agreement with Mr. Germain, pursuant to which he receives a monthly payment of 12,500. Pursuant to this agreement,
in May 2019, Mr. Germain was granted an option to purchase 13,071 ADSs at an exercise price of 79.80 per ADS. 25 of the options vested
upon approval by shareholders, and the remainder vested in equal increments on each anniversary of the grant date and became fully vested
on April 30, 2022. In May 2021, Mr. Germain was granted an option to purchase 16,000 ADSs at an exercise price of 69.50 per ADS, The
options vest in equal monthly installments during a period of four (4) years commencing one (1) month following April 6, 2021 and become
fully vested on April 6, 2025. The agreement, as amended to date, expires in May 2025 and provides that either party may terminate the
agreement upon 90 days written notice. In addition, in May 2022 we granted Mr. Germain a cash payment of 90,000, and in March
2023, our compensation committee and board of directors approved a cash payment of 37,500, subject to shareholder approval. 

81 

Mr.
Reichman Employment Agreement 

Pursuant
to his employment agreement entered into with us on January 20, 2021, Mr. Reichman is entitled to an annual gross salary of USD 350,000.
During the transition period between January 20, 2021, the date the agreement was signed, and March 2, 2021, Mr. Reichman was entitled
to a pro-rated portion of this amount equal to 20 of his monthly salary. 

The
agreement also provides that Mr. Reichman was entitled to a one-time signing bonus at the gross lump sum amount of USD 50,000 and is
eligible to receive an annual cash bonus of a gross amount equal to three to six monthly salaries to the extent Mr. Reichman meets annual
objectives that shall be approved by the board of directors and by shareholders. It is currently contemplated that the annual bonus would
be (i) four monthly salaries for meeting a set of baseline annual objectives, and (ii) three monthly salaries in the case of underperforming
compared to such annual objectives, provided the Employee meets the baseline objectives set by the board of directors. Under extraordinary
circumstances reflecting performance by Mr. Reichman significantly above all such annual objectives, the board of directors may, in its
sole discretion, consider an additional cash bonus of not more than an additional three monthly salaries (up to nine monthly salaries
in total). The bonus amounts and annual objectives shall be subject to the terms of the Company s Compensation Policy from time
to time. 

Furthermore,
under the agreement Mr. Reichman is entitled to receive 60,000 restricted share units (the RSUs under the Company s
2018 Israeli Share Option Plan, which will vest over a period of five years, 20 to vest each year starting on January 20, 2021 (the
 Commencement Date ), and would become fully vested, in accordance with the terms of the grant, on January 20, 2026. The
ADSs underlying the RSUs may not be sold by Mr. Reichman during the term of his employment except that, commencing on the third anniversary
of the Commencement Date, sales may be made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, with the number of RSUs sold during any one year period not
exceeding five percent of the vested RSUs held by Mr. Reichman at the time of such sales (the Resale Limits ). If Mr. Reichman s
employment agreement is terminated by the Company for no cause prior to the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date, the Resale Limits
shall terminate. If Mr. Reichman s employment agreement is terminated by Mr. Reichman or terminated by the Company for cause prior
to the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date, the Resale Limits shall continue until the earlier of (i) one year after such termination,
or (ii) the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date. The RSUs would be subject to accelerated vesting in the event of a change of
control. 

For
these purposes, a change of control means the first to occur of (i) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company; (ii) a merger, consolidation, or like transaction of the Company with or into another company; provided, that in the case
of either clauses (i) or (ii) the Company s stockholders of record immediately prior to such transaction will, immediately after
such transaction, hold less than fifty percent (50 of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity, and provided further that
a change of control shall not include (x) any consolidation, merger or reorganization effected to change the domicile of the Company
or (y) any transaction or series of transactions effected principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received
by the Company or any successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a combination thereof; (iii) the acquisition
by any person, entity or group not directly or indirectly affiliated with Angels Investments in Hi Tech Ltd. Angels of
more than 50 of the voting power of the Company, in a single or series of related transactions; and (iv) when a person, entity or group
not directly or indirectly affiliated with Angels becomes a shareholder that has control, as defined in the Israeli Companies
Law, 1999. 

The
Company will provide Mr. Reichman other benefits, such as a company car, vacation, sick days, contribution towards work disability insurance,
monthly contributions equal to 7.5 of monthly salary to an Education Fund Keren Hishtalmut , a short-term savings plan
available in Israel which is tax free to the employee up to a cap determined by law) and a manager s insurance policy or a pension fund
and other benefits and perquisites similar to those of other officers of the Company. 

Each
of Mr. Reichman and the Company may terminate Mr. Reichman s employment by prior written notice of 60 days. In the event of termination
by the Company without cause, the Company will pay Mr. Reichman nine monthly salaries, which includes amounts accrued in a pension insurance
policy and amounts required by Israeli law. 

82 

In
May 2022, we granted Mr. Reichman an annual bonus for the year 2021 of 250,266. In March 2023, we granted Mr. Reichman an annual cash
bonus for the year 2022 of 182,000, equal to 50 of his annual base compensation) and, subject to shareholder approval, and
a grant of 78,125 RSUs that vest in three years. 

Dr.
Ben-Yedidia Employment Agreement 

Pursuant
to her employment agreement entered into with us on March 15, 2005, as amended to date, Dr. Ben-Yedidia is employed on a full-time basis
and is currently entitled to a monthly salary of NIS 49,000 plus Company car (approximately 13,500) which also includes monthly contributions
equal to 7.5 of her monthly salary to an Education Fund and a manager s insurance policy and other benefits and perquisites similar
to those of other officers of the Company. In addition, we provide Dr. Ben-Yedidia with a leased company car and a mobile phone. Dr.
Ben-Yedidia is entitled to 22 annual paid vacation days. 

Dr.
Ben-Yedidia s employment agreement may be terminated by either us or Dr. Ben-Yedidia upon 120 days prior written notice
or by us immediately for cause (i.e., termination due to embezzlement of our funds, or the material breach of the terms and conditions
of the employment agreement, or if Dr. Ben-Yedidia is involved in an act which constitutes a breach of trust between her and us or constitutes
a severe breach of discipline, or conduct causing grave injury to us any, monetarily or otherwise, or Dr. Ben-Yedidia s inability
to carry out her duties for a period exceeding 120 consecutive days, provided that her resumption of duties for a period of less than
15 consecutive days shall not be deemed to have broken the continuity of the aforementioned 120 days). Under her employment agreement,
Dr. Ben-Yedidia received options to purchase 25,000 ordinary shares, which were later exchanged for 7,850 RSUs. 

In
addition, in February 2012 our board of directors approved the grant of the following conditioned bonus to Tamar Ben-Yedidia: in the
event that we duly enter into one or more material agreement(s) (i.e. an agreement or a series of agreements, pertaining to a transaction
with us (or any other entity designated by us for the transaction by us) in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of our
assets or a commercialization of one of our products in the field of business, with aggregate proceeds received resultant of such agreement
are no less than a sum of 10 million) with any third party during the term of Dr. Ben-Yedidia s engagement with us or during a
period of three years commencing on the date of the termination of the employment agreement by us, Dr. Ben-Yedidia shall be entitled
to receive a one-time bonus per material agreement equal to 1.25 of the proceeds received by us as a result of the material agreement.
In May 2022, Dr. Ben-Yedidia was granted a 2021 bonus of NIS 140,250 (approximately 43,800), an amount equal to three months 
salary. For the year 2022, Dr. Ben-Yedidia was granted a performance-based incentive package of NIS 147,000 (approximately 42,000),
an amount equal to 25 of her annual compensation, and a grant of 20,082 RSUs vesting in three years. 

Mr.
Mark Employment Agreement 

Pursuant
to his employment agreement entered into with us on September 5, 2018. He is currently entitled to a monthly salary of NIS 46,000 (approximately
 13,000), which also includes monthly contributions equal to 7.5 of his monthly salary to an Education Fund and a manager s insurance
policy and other benefits and perquisites similar to those of other officers of the Company. In addition, we provide Mr. Mark with a
leased company car and a mobile phone. Mr. Mark is entitled to 16 annual paid vacation days. 

Mr.
Mark s employment agreement may be terminated by either us or Mr. Mark upon 60 days prior written notice or by us immediately
for cause (i.e., termination due to embezzlement of our funds, or the material breach of the terms and conditions of the employment agreement,
or if Mr. Mark is involved in an act which constitutes a breach of trust between his and us or constitutes a severe breach of discipline,
or conduct causing grave injury to us any, monetarily or otherwise, or Mr. Mark s inability to carry out his duties for a period
exceeding 120 consecutive days, provided that his resumption of duties for a period of less than 15 consecutive days shall not be deemed
to have broken the continuity of the aforementioned 120 days). For the year 2022, Mr. Mark was granted a performance-based incentive
package of 138,000 NIS (approximately 39,000), an amount equal to 25 of his annual compensation, and 18,852 RSUs vesting in three years. 

83 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding equity awards that were made in the option plan to employees and directors: December
31, 2022: 

Option Awards(1) 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options, Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options, Not Exercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of ADS Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (1) 
 Market Value of ADS Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (2) 
 
 Amir Reichman 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 
 142,080 
 
 Tamar Ben-Yedidia 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,850 
 23,236 
 
 Elad Mark 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,430 
 13,113 

(1) Vests
 in accordance with the following schedule: Mr. Reichman 12,000
RSUs vest per year over the next four years; Dr. Ben Yedidia 750 RSUs will vest in September 2024, 3,350 RSUs will vest in October
2024, and 3,750 RSUs will vest in March 2025; and Mr. Mark 900 RSUs will vest in October 2024 and 3,530 RSUs will vest in March
2025. 

(2) Based
 on the 2.96 closing price of our ADSs on December 30, 2022, as reported by Nasdaq. 

Director
Compensation 

The following Director Compensation
Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022. Each of our non-management directors
receives a cash retainer, meeting participation fees, and equity awards, as detailed below. 

Fees Earned 

or Paid in 
 Stock 
 Option 

Cash 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 )(1) 
 )(1) 
 ) 
 
 Mark Germain 
 123,858 
 - 
 212,811 
 336,669 
 
 Jay Green 
 41,981 
 3,883 
 26,493 
 72,358 
 
 George H. Lowell 
 40,604 
 5,000 
 22,757 
 68,361 
 
 Morris Laster 
 51,030 
 5,000 
 22,757 
 78,787 
 
 Yael Margolin 
 51,030 
 5,000 
 30,986 
 87,016 
 
 Samuel Moed 
 43,528 
 - 
 449,621 
 493,149 
 
 Adi Raviv 
 53,954 
 6,226 
 32,012 
 92,192 
 
 Avner Rotman 
 40,604 
 5,000 
 30,986 
 76,590 

(1) Represents the grant date fair value of the RSU and option awards
 calculated for book purposes in accordance with GAAP. These are non-cash amounts and do not represent actual amounts paid or to be
 realized. This is a calculation performed for accounting purposes even though recipients may never realize any value from their
 awards. RSUs are subject to vesting and limitations on resale. Options were granted at an exercise price at least equal to market
 value during the 30 trading days or 30 calendar days prior to approval of the grant by the Board or shareholders, as the case may
 be. Options are subject to vesting and other limitations on sales. For further information see Note 2 to the financial
 statements. 

The following table sets forth the range of exercise
prices of the options held by directors and the market value of the vested RSU awards held by directors as of December 31, 2022: 

Market Value 
of Vested 
 
 Name 
 Option 
 Exercise Price ) 
 RSUs At 
 December 31, 
2022 ) (a) 
 
 Mark Germain 
 69.5 - 85.8 
 - 
 
 Jay Green 
 29.36 
 (b) 
 
 George H. Lowell 
 69.50 - 7.76 
 (b) 
 
 Morris Laster 
 69.50 - 79.76 
 (b) 
 
 Yael Margolin 
 69.50 - 72.8 
 (b) 
 
 Samuel Moed 
 69.50 - 72.8 
 0 
 
 Adi Raviv 
 69.50 - 80.76 
 (b) 
 
 Avner Rotman 
 69.50 - 72.8 
 (b) 
 
 Amir Reichman 
 - 
 35,520 

(a) Based on the closing price of the ADSs on December 31, 2022,
 2.96. 

(b) Less than 1,000. 

84 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning the beneficial ownership of ADSs: (i) each director and
director nominee, (ii) each Named Executive Officer in the Summary Compensation Table under Executive Compensation above,
(iii) all executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) each person (including any group as that term is used in
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our ADSs. The address for each of the persons
below who are beneficial owners of 5 or more of our ADSs is our corporate address at BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Jerusalem BioPark,
2nd floor, Hadassah Ein Kerem Campus, Jerusalem, Israel. The information with respect to beneficial ownership of ADSs by our major shareholders
is given based on information reported in such shareholder s Schedule 13G or Schedule 13D, except where more updated information
was provided to us by the shareholders. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to ADSs. ADSs issuable
under share options or other conversion rights that were exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2023, are deemed outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding the options or other conversion rights but are not deemed outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The percentage of ADSs beneficially owned is based on 3,284,058
ADSs outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Except
as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the
table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ADSs that they beneficially own. 

None
of our shareholders has different voting rights from other shareholders. To the best of our knowledge, we are not owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by another corporation or by any foreign government. We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent
date, result in a change of control of our company. 

Except
as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all the ordinary shares indicated. 

85 

Percent of 

ADSs 
 Class 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Avner Rotman (1) 
 4,314 

George H. Lowell (2) 
 4,854 

Uri Ben-Or 
 - 

Tamar Ben-Yedidia 
 - 

Elad Mark 
 - 

Mark Germain (3) 
 21,738 

Morris Laster (4) 
 3,966 

Adi Raviv (5) 
 3,966 

Yael Margolin (6) 
 3,966 

Sam Moed (7) 
 7,267 

Amir Reichman (8) 
 12,000 

Jay Green (9) 
 1,417 

All executive officers and directors as a group (12 people) 
 63,488 

5 Shareholders 

Angels Investments in Hi Tech Ltd. 
 427,404 
 12.77 
 
 Daniel Stone 
 298,150 
 8.91 
 
 Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd (10) 
 228,329 
 6.83 

Less
than 1 . 

(1) Consists
of 514 ADSs, options to purchase 3,606 ADSs and 194 ADSs issuable upon settlement of vested RSUs. The ADS options are comprised of options
to purchase (i) 1800 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS of 72.8 that expire in March 2030 and (ii) 1,806 ADSs at an exercise price per
ADS of 69.5 that expire in April 2031. 

(2) Consists
of 1,054 ADSs, options to purchase 3,606 ADSs and 194 ADSs issuable upon settlement of vested RSUs. The options are comprised of options
to purchase (i) 1,800 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS of 79.60 that expire in March 2030 and (ii) 3,806 ADSs at an exercise price
per ADS of 69.50 that expire in April 2031. 

(3) Consists
of options to purchase 21,738 ADSs. The options are comprised of ADS options to purchase (i)13,071 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS
of 85.80 that expire in May 2029 and (ii) 8,667 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS of 69.50 that expire in April 2031. 

(4) Consists
of 167 ADSs, options to purchase 3,606 ADSs and 194 ADSs issuable upon settlement of vested RSUs. The options are comprised of
options to purchase (i) 1,800ADS at an exercise price per ADS of 79.76 that expire in March 2030 and (ii) 1,806 shares at an exercise
price per ADS of 69.5 that expire in April 2031. 

(5) Consists
of 167 ADSs, options to purchase 3,606 ADSs and 194 ADSs issuable upon settlement of vested RSUs. The options are comprised of options
to purchase (i) 1,800 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS of 80.76 that expire in March 2030 and (ii) 1,806 ADSs at an exercise price
per ADS of 69.50 that expire in April 2031. 

(6) Consists
of 167 ADSs, options to purchase 3,606 ADSs and 194 ADSs issuable upon settlement of vested RSUs. The options are comprised of options
to purchase (i) 1,800 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS of 80.76 that expire in March 2030 and (ii) 1,806 ADSs at an exercise price
per ADS of 69.50 that expire in April 2031. 

(7) Consists
of options to purchase 7,267 ADSs. The options are comprised of options to purchase (i) 1,800 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS of 72.80
that expire in March 2030 and (ii) 5,467 ADSs at an exercise price per ADS of 69.50 that expire in August 2030. 

86 

(8) Consists
of 12,000 ADSs issuable upon settlement of vested RSUs. 

(9) Consists
of options to purchase 1,181 ADS at an exercise price per ADS of 29.36 per ADS that expire in December 2031 and 236 ADSs issuable upon
settlement of vested RSUs. 

(10) 
 Sabby
 Management, LLC is the investment manager of Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. and
 shares voting and investment power with respect to these shares in this capacity. As manager
 of Sabby Management, LLC, Hal Mintz also shares voting and investment power on behalf of
 Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. The address of the Sabby Volatility Warrant Master
 Fund, Ltd. is c/o c/o Ogier Fiduciary Services (Cayman) Limited, 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay,
 Grand Cayman KY1-9007, Cayman Islands. Each of Sabby Management, LLC and Hal Mintz disclaims
 beneficial ownership over the securities listed except to the extent of their pecuniary interest
 therein. 

Includes
 ADSs exercisable upon exercise of warrants to acquire ADSs. The terms of the warrants preclude a holder thereof from exercising such
 holder s warrant, if after giving effect to the issuance of ordinary shares upon such exercise, the holder (together with the
 holder s affiliates and any other persons acting as a group together with the holder or any of the holder s affiliates)
 would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the number of ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
 of ordinary shares issuable upon such exercise subject to certain exceptions. 

Changes
in Control 

We
are not aware of any arrangements that may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item
403(c) of Regulation S-K. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

2005
Israeli Share Option Plan 

The
2005 Israeli Share Option Plan (the 2005 Plan permits grants of options to employees, directors, consultants, service
providers and other entities which the board shall decide their services are considered valuable to the Company. Options granted under
the 2005 Plan are subject to applicable vesting schedules and generally expire 10 years from the grant date. 

Upon
the termination of a recipient s engagement with us for any reason other than death, disability or for cause, all unvested options
allocated shall automatically expire and all vested options allocated will automatically expire 90 days after the termination unless
expired earlier due to their term. If the recipient s engagement was terminated for cause (as defined in the 2005 Plan), the recipient s
right to exercise any unexercised options, awarded and allocated in favor of such recipient, whether vested or not, will immediately
cease and expire as of the date of such termination. If the recipient dies or is disabled, any vested but unexercised options will automatically
expire 12 months from the termination of the engagement, unless expired earlier due to their term. 

In
the event that options allocated under the 2005 Plan expire or otherwise terminate in accordance with the provisions of the 2005 Plan,
such expired or terminated options will become available for future grant awards and allocations under the 2005 Plan. In the event of
(i) the sale of all or substantially all of our assets; (ii) a sale (including an exchange) of all or substantially all of our share
capital; or (iii) a merger, acquisition or reorganization of the Company with or into another corporation, then, subject to obtaining
the applicable approvals of the Israeli tax authorities, unexercised options then outstanding shall be assumed or substituted for an
appropriate number of shares of the successor company subject to certain adjustments as determined by the board of directors in its sole
discretion. Subject to certain conditions, the board shall also have the power to provide for immediate acceleration in a recipient s
option agreement in the event of such a transaction. 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding grants under the
2005 Option Plan to acquire 7,933,400 ordinary shares. 

87 

2018
Israeli Share Option Plan 

The
2018 Israeli Share Option Plan (the 2018 Plan permits the granting of options, restricted share units or allotment of
shares or other equity-based awards to employees, directors, consultants, service providers and other entities which the board shall
decide their services are considered valuable to the Company, under similar terms and conditions to the 2005 Plan. 

Options
granted under the 2018 Plan are subject to applicable vesting schedules and generally expire 10 years from the grant date. 

Upon
the termination of a recipient s engagement with us for any reason other than death, disability or for cause, all unvested options
allocated shall automatically expire and all vested options allocated will automatically expire 90 days after the termination, unless
expired earlier due to their term, or unless expiration is extended beyond termination under certain circumstance for a period not to
exceed the term of the options, such as was recently approved by shareholders in connection with option grants to directors. If the recipient s
engagement was terminated for cause (as defined in the 2018 Plan), the recipient s right to exercise any unexercised options, awarded
and allocated in favor of such recipient, whether vested or not, will immediately cease and expire as of the date of such termination.
If the recipient dies or is disabled, any vested but unexercised options will automatically expire 12 months from the termination of
the engagement, unless expired earlier due to their term. 

In
the event that options allocated under the 2018 Plan expire or otherwise terminate in accordance with the provisions of the 2018 Plan,
such expired or terminated options will become available for future grant awards and allocations under the 2018 Plan. 

Restricted
share units granted under the 2018 Plan are subject to applicable vesting schedules, and the Board may condition the grant or vesting
of restricted share units upon the attainment of specified performance targets or such other factors as the Board may determine, in its
sole discretion. 

In
the event of (i) the sale of all or substantially all of our assets; (ii) a sale (including an exchange) of all or substantially all
of our share capital; or (iii) a merger, acquisition or reorganization of the Company with or into another corporation, then, subject
to obtaining the applicable approvals of the Israeli tax authorities, unexercised awards then outstanding shall be assumed or substituted
for an appropriate number of shares of the successor company subject to certain adjustments as determined by the board of directors in
its sole discretion. Subject to certain conditions, the board shall also have the power to provide for immediate acceleration in a recipient s
award agreement in the event of such a transaction. 

The
Company has reserved an unlimited amount of the issued and outstanding capital of the Company available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company had awarded grants under the Option Plan to acquire 63,398,080	 ordinary shares. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS; AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

a. Related
parties consist of nine directors (including the CEO) serving on the Company s board of directors and three key officers. 

b. Transactions
with related parties: 

For information regarding transactions with our officers: 

please
see Item 11 Executive Compensation - Employment Agreements and Change-in-Control Provisions. 

88 

c. Balances
with related parties: 

Payables 
 
 Key management personnel: 

December 31, 2021 
 721 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 531 

d. Transactions
with related parties: 

Research and 
 development 
 Marketing, general 
and administrative 
 
 Key management personnel: 

2021 
 463 
 4,197 
 
 2022 
 521 
 2,500 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Kost
Forer Gabbay Kasierer, a member of Ernst Young Global, served as our independent registered public accountants for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed approximately 126,000 and 65,000, respectively, for
professional services rendered by our independent auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 49,000 and 9,000 for professional services rendered by
our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed approximately 50,000 and 67,500, respectively, for
professional services rendered by our independent auditors related to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 and amendments thereto filed
with the SEC in those years. 

Pre-Approval
Policies 

All
of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire Board. No services were performed before or without approval. 

89 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit
No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 3.1# 
 
 Articles of Association of BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., 
 
 4.1# 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1/A filed with the SEC on December 14, 2022). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Exchangeable Warrant, (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form F-1/A filed with the SEC on December 14,
 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of Non-Exchangeable Warrant, (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form F-1/A filed with the SEC on December
 14, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Deposit Agreement between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., The Bank of New York Mellon as Depositary, and owners and holders from time to time of ADSs issued thereunder, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2015). 
 
 10.2 
 
 2005 Share Incentive Plan, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on June 12, 2020). 
 
 10.3 
 
 2018 Share Incentive Plan, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the. SEC on June 12, 2020). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Compensation Policy, (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 6-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 20, 2021, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. And Mr. Amir Reichman, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 15, 2005, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Dr. Tamar Ben-Yedidia, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the SEC on December 29, 2014). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Addendum to Employment Agreement dated April 1, 2012, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Dr. Tamar-Ben Yedidia, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the SEC on December 29, 2014). 
 
 10.8 # 
 
 Addendum to Employment Agreement dated May 28, 2015, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Dr. Tamar-Ben Yedidia. 
 
 10.9 # 
 
 Addendum to Employment Agreement dated April 1, 2012, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Dr. Tamar-Ben Yedidia 
 
 10.10 # 
 
 Employment Agreement dated September 5, 2018, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Elad Mark. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Indemnification Letter (unofficial English translation from Hebrew original), (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the SEC on December 29, 2014). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Indemnification and Exculpation Agreement, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed with the SEC on April 6, 2015). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Finance Contract between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and the European Investment Bank, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 6-K filed with the SEC on June 19, 2017). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated January 11, 2021, to Finance Contract dated June 19, 2017, by and between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and the European Investment Bank, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Lease Agreement dated July 10, 2017 between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Unihad BioPark Ltd., (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to the Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 30, 2018). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Services Agreement between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Mark Germain, (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Form 6-K filed with the SEC on April 23, 2019). 
 
 10.17+ 
 
 License Agreement, dated December 11, 2021, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Max-Planck-Innovation GmbH, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022). 
 
 10.18+ 
 
 Accompanying Research Collaboration Agreement, dated December 11, 2021, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Max-Planck-Gesellschaft zur F rderung der Wissenschaften e.V and Georg-August-Universit t G ttingen Stiftung ffentlichen Rechts Universit tsmedizin G ttingen, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022). 

90 

10.19+ 
 
 Research Collaboration Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Max-Planck-Gesellschaft zur F rderung der Wissenschaften e.V and Georg-August-Universit t G ttingen Stiftung ffentlichen Rechts Universit tsmedizin G ttingen, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022). 
 
 10.20+ 
 
 Form of License Agreement between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Max-Planck-Gesellschaft zur F rderung der Wissenschaften e.V and Georg-August-Universit t G ttingen Stiftung ffentlichen Rechts Universit tsmedizin G ttingen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022). 
 
 10.21# 
 
 Amendment
Agreement dated August 9, 2022, to Finance Contract dated June 19, 2017 and as amended from time to time, by and between BiondVax Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. and the European Investment Bank, 
 
 14.1# 
 
 Code of Conduct 
 
 23.1# 
 
 Consent of Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer, Certified Public Accountant (Isr.), a member of Ernst Young Global, independent registered public accounting firm for the Registrant 
 
 31.1# 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of BiondVax Pharamaceuticals Ltd. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2# 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of BiondVax Pharamaceuticals Ltd. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1## 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of BiondVax Pharamaceuticals Ltd. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002 
 
 32.2## 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of BiondVax Pharamaceuticals Ltd. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002 
 
 101.INS# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.CAL# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104# 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 ## 

In
 accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not deemed
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 

Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 + 
 Certain
 confidential portions of this exhibit have been redacted from the publicly filed document because such portions are (i) not material
 and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

91 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 

By: 
 /s/ Amir Reichman 

Amir Reichman 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Amir Reichman 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Amir Reichman 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Uri Ben-Or 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Uri Ben-Or 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Mark Germain 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Mark Germain 

/s/ Jay Green 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jay Green 

/s/ George H. Lowell 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 George H. Lowell 

/s/ Morris Laster 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Morris Laster 

/s/ Yael Margolin 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Yael Margolin 

/s/ Samuel Moed 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Samuel Moed 

/s/ Adi Raviv 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Adi Raviv 

/s/ Avner Rotman 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Avner Rotman 

92 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

AUDITED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 and 2021 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

Index
to the Financial Statements 

(Audited) 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Comprehensive Loss F-6 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-7 Statements of Cash Flows F-8 F-9 Notes to Financial Statements F-10 F-29 

-
- - - - - - - - - - - - - 

F- 1 

Kost
 Forer Gabbay Kasierer 
 144 Menachem Begin Road, Building A 
 Tel-Aviv 6492102, Israel 
 
 Tel:
 +972-3-6232525 
 Fax: +972-3-5622555 
 ey.com 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Biondvax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, comprehensive
loss, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company has incurred losses, and has not yet started recognizing revenues from sales. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's cash
position (cash and cash equivalents) totaled 14,075. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an operating loss of 5,796
and negative cash flows from operating activities of 7,265 million. The Company's operations are dependent on its existing working capital
resources and additional sources of capital and financing. This dependency will continue until the Company will be able to completely
finance its operations by generating revenue from its products and to raise funds (through public or private securities offerings, debt
financings, government funding or grants, or other sources) to support the ongoing advancement of its clinical trials and corporate activities.
Also, the Company s board of directors approved a cost saving plan, to be implemented if and as required, to allow the Company to
continue its operations and meet its cash obligations. The Company and the board of directors believe that its existing financial resources
and its operating plans, including the effects of the costs saving plan, will be adequate to satisfy its expected liquidity requirements
for a period of at least twelve months from the end of the filing date. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources are a critical audit
matter due to the subjective judgments and various assumptions required by management concerning the level and timing of cash receipts
and cash outlays for operating expenses and capital expenditures, including a cost saving plan and to conclude the Company would have
sufficient liquidity to sustain itself for at least a year beyond the date of the issuance of the financial statements. This in turn led
to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment to evaluate the audit evidence supporting the liquidity conclusions. Additionally,
the relevance of management s liquidity conclusions to the users of the financial statements also impacted our assessment of these
circumstances as a critical audit matter. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with our overall opinion on the financial statements. Our audit procedures to evaluate the
significant judgments and assumptions made by management included, among others, inquiries with management, testing the reasonableness
of the forecasted operating expenses compared to historic amounts and the underlying management assumptions, including the assumptions
used for the saving plan, reconsidering certain prior management forecasted amounts to evaluate whether those forecasted amounts approximated
the ultimate actual results. This was performed in consideration of management s ability to put forth reasonable estimates and evaluating
the adequacy of the Company s disclosure of these circumstances in the financial statements. Additionally, these procedures included
evaluating the sufficiency of the company's liquidity disclosure included in the notes to the financial statements. 

/s/ A Member of Ernst Young Global We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS
LTD. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Prepaid expenses and other receivables 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Trade payables 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other payables 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Warrants liability 
 
 -

Loan from others 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Ordinary shares of no par value: Authorized: shares at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021; Issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS
LTD. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Year
 ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Research and development. 

Marketing, general and administrative 

Other income 
 
 -

Total operating loss 

Financial income, net 

Net loss 

Net loss per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, basic and diluted

Weighted average number of shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, basic and diluted

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

STATEMENTS
OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Year
 ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total 

Number 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 comprehensive loss 
 Accumulated 
deficit 
 shareholders 
 equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 
 -

Issuance of shares, net of issuance costs of 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 
 -

Issuance of shares, net of issuance costs of 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Exercise of warrants 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Share-based compensation 

-
 
 -

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 7 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Year ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

Expense of in-process research and development 
 
 -

Financial income related to loan from others 

Share-based compensation 

Decrease in other receivables 

Changes in operating lease right-of-use assets 

Increase (decrease) in trade payables 

Changes in operating lease liabilities 

Increase in other payables 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 8 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Year ended 
December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceed from issuance of warrants 
 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of shares, net 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplementary disclosure of cash flows activities: 

(1) Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 
 -

(2) Non-cash transactions: 

Exercise of warrants liability to equity 
 
 -

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 9 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an operating loss of and negative
cash flows from operating activities of million. The Company s current operating budget includes various assumptions concerning
the level and timing of cash receipts and cash outlays for operating expenses and capital expenditures, including a cost saving plan.
The Company is planning to finance its operations from its existing working capital resources and additional sources of capital and financing.
However, there is no assurance that additional capital and/or financing will be available to the Company, and even if available, whether
it will be on terms acceptable to the Company or in amounts required. Accordingly, the Company s board of directors approved a
cost saving plan, to be implemented if and as required, in whole or in part, at its discretion, to allow the Company to continue its
operations and meet its cash obligations. The cost saving plan consists of cutting expenditures by means of further efficiencies and
synergies, which include mainly the following steps: reduction in headcount and postponing or cancelling capital expenditures that would
not be required for the implementation of the revised business plan. Nevertheless, the Company and the board of directors believe that
its existing financial resources and its operating plans, including the effects of the costs saving plan, will be adequate to satisfy
its expected liquidity requirements for a period of at least twelve months from the end of the filing date. 

F- 10 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

F- 11 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
2:- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 
 Office, furniture and equipment 
 - 
 
 Computers and Cars 

Leasehold improvements 

Manufacturing plant in process 

F- 12 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

- on the revenues derived from sales of products or services developed in whole or in part
using these grants. These grants are recognized at the time the Company is entitled to such grants on the basis of the costs incurred
as provided by the relevant agreement and included as a deduction from research and development expenses. The Company recognized the amounts
of grants received in research and development as a reduction from research and development expenses. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, no funds were received from the IIA 

F- 13 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

ADSs at no cost to MPG as an upfront payment for the license.
The ADSs are restricted for a period of three years. The Company evaluated the fair value of the license at . The fair value was calculated
by an independent valuation, at a discount rate of based on the following assumptions: 

variance 

Risk free interest 

was recorded as expense in the statement of operating income for the year ended 2022. 

F- 14 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

of their monthly salary, made on their behalf by the Company. Payments made
to employees in accordance with this section release the Company from any future severance liabilities with respect to such employees.
Neither severance pay liability nor severance pay fund under Section 14 of the Severance Pay Law is recorded on the Company s balance
sheets. 

and , respectively. 

F- 15 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 16 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
2:- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

likely
to be realized upon ultimate settlement. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was recorded as
a result of ASC 740. 

F- 17 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
2:- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

Prepaid expenses and other 

F- 18 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S.
dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

-

Total liabilities 
 
 -

Computers and Cars 

Office, furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Manufacturing plant in process 

Less - accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 19 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

and years, respectively. Some of these lease agreements include extension options. The Company does not include
in the lease term the exercise of extension options unless it is reasonably certain at lease commencement that the extension options
will be exercised. 

Weighted average discount rate 

Cars 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate 
 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 
 
 -

Thereafter 
 
 -

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less - adjustment to discounted lease payments 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

F- 20 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

in grants from the Israeli Innovation Authority (IIA), formerly known as the Office of the Chief Scientist. The grants were for
research and development of M-001. 

- on the revenues derived from sales of products or services developed in whole or in part
using these grants. The maximum aggregate royalties paid generally cannot exceed of the grants received by the Company, plus annual
interest generally equal to the 12-month LIBOR applicable to dollar deposits, as published on the first business day of each calendar
year. The maximum royalty amounts payable by the Company as of December 31, 2022 is approximately which represents the
total gross amount of grants actually received by the Company from the IIA including accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had not paid any royalties to the IIA. 

in two tranches of approximately and the third tranche of approximately
 ). 

). 

; and 

of any annual M-001 sales revenues. 

F- 21 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
9:- LOAN FROM OTHERS (Cont.) 

.
As a result, the Company recorded an amount of as revaluation income of the EIB loan. 

F- 22 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE 9:- LOAN FROM
OTHERS (Cont.) 

in order to enable the Company to pursue new business opportunities,
strengthen the Company balance sheet and invest in growth. Thus, within that context, the EIB wrote in their letter that they will not
consider the failure of the Company s pivotal phase 3 trial for M-001 to meet the primary and secondary efficacy endpoints as a
trigger for prepayment of a loan extended under the Finance Contract. However, EIB cautioned the Company that their letter is not a consent,
agreement, amendment or waiver in respect of the terms of the Finance Contract, reserving any other right or remedy the EIB may have now
or subsequently. 

loan to the Company. The new terms include: 

F- 23 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE 9:- LOAN FROM
OTHERS (Cont.) 

under finance income. Interest expense related to the EIB loan were to 

. 

ADSs at a public offering price of per
ADS. On February 10, 2021, Aegis Capital Corp., the sole bookrunning manager for the underwritten offering, fully exercised its over-allotment
option to purchase an additional ADSs, bringing total gross proceeds to the Company from the offering including exercise of the
over-allotment option of approximately . The Company received a net amount of after deduction of issuance expenses of . 

Ordinary Shares (the equivalent of ADSs) such that the total registered share capital of the Company would consist of 
Ordinary Shares, no par value (the equivalent of ADSs). 

ADSs at a public offering price of per ADS. On December 27, 2021, Aegis Capital Corp., the sole bookrunning manager for the underwritten offering, fully exercised its over-allotment option to purchase an additional 330, 508 ADSs, bringing total gross proceeds to the Company from the offering including exercise of the over-allotment option of approximately . The Company received a net sum of (after deduction of issuance expenses of . 

F- 24 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
10:- SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Cont.) 

Ordinary Shares (the equivalent of ADSs) such that the total registered share capital of the Company
would consist of Ordinary Shares, no par value (the equivalent of ADSs). 

, before deducting
underwriting discounts and other expenses payable by the Company. The offering consisted of units and pre-funded units. Each
unit consisted of one American Depositary Share ADS and two warrants, each to purchase one ADS, and each pre-funded unit
consists of one pre-funded warrant to purchase one ADS and two warrants each to purchase one ADS. One of the warrants will expire from the date of issuance, and the other warrant will expire from the date of issuance and may be exercised for half an
ADS on or prior to six (6) months following the original issuance for no additional consideration. Each ADS (or pre-funded warrant) was
sold together with two warrants at a combined purchase price of per unit (or per pre-funded unit after reducing attributable
to the exercise price of the pre-funded warrants). Each ADS represents 400 of our ordinary shares, no par value per share. The Company
received a net sum of after deduction of underwriter discount and issuance expenses of . The warrants were classified as liabilities,
initially and subsequently measured at fair value through earnings pursuant to ASC 480 as the warrants are not considered indexed to the
Company's own shares. 

years from the date of grant, against payment of an exercise price. 

F- 25 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
11:- SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Cont.) 

Expected volatility of the share prices 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years) 

, and per 3ADS option at the grant date. 

Granted 

Expired 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

of total unrecognized costs related to share-based compensation that is expected to be recognized
over a period of up to . 

thousand USD 

F- 26 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
11:- SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Cont.) 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Marketing, general and administrative expenses 

Total share-based compensation 

F- 27 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

in 2022 and 2021. 

, respectively, which may be carried
forward and offset against taxable income in the future for an indefinite period. 

Temporary differences mainly relating to Research and Development 

Lease liabilities 

Deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax liabilities before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net 
 -
 
 -

F- 28 

BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE
12:- TAXES ON INCOME (Cont.) 

Restricted share units 

warrants 
 
 -

-

Remeasurement of warrants liabilities 
 
 -

Finance income in respect of loans from others 

Expenses: 

Exchange differences, net 
 -

Finance expenses in respect of loans from others 
 
 -

Bank commissions and other financial expenses 

Total financial income, net 

thousand was paid to the EIB as part of the loan restructure agreement. 

RSUs, each vesting
in three years, to officers and employees of the company. The grant of RSUs to our chief executive officer is subject to
shareholder approval. 

F-29 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_biondvax.htm
 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD

Exhibit 3.1 

COMPANIES LAW, 5759 1999 

LIMITED SHARES COMPANY 

Articles of Association 

 of 

 BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD . 

1. In these articles, except where the written content requires a different interpretation : 

Law As
defined in the Interpretation Law, 5741 1981 ; 

The
Company The abovementioned Company ; 

The
Law or the Companies Law The
Companies Law, 5759 1999, as it shall be from time to time ; 

Administrative Enforcement Proceeding 
 An administrative enforcement proceeding in accordance with the provisions of any law, including the Improvement of Enforcement Proceedings
Law and the Securities Law, including an administrative petition or appeal in connection with the aforementioned proceeding ; 

Securities
Law The Securities Law, 5728 1968, as it is updated from time to time ; 

The
Office or the Registered Office The Company s office, the address of which is registered with the
Registrar, as it shall be from time to time ; 

The
Ordinance or the Companies Ordinance The Companies Ordinance (new version), 5743 1983, as it
is updated from time to time, and the regulations subject thereto ; 

Ordinary
Majority An ordinary majority of the total votes of shareholders attending a general meeting or class meetings, as the case
may be, who are entitled to vote and have voted therein, without taking into account the abstaining votes ; 

Year 
or Month According to the Gregorian calendar ; 

Corporation 
 A company, partnership, cooperative society, association, and any other incorporated or unincorporated body of persons ; 

These
Articles of Association or the Articles of Association The Articles of Association drafted in this document,
as they may change from time to time ; 

1.1. Any term in these Articles of Association not defined in the abovementioned article shall bear the meaning
prescribed thereto in the Companies Law, unless the aforesaid constitutes a contradiction to the written subject or its content; words
stated in the singular shall be construed as well in the plural, and vice versa, words stated in the male gender shall be construed in
the female gender as well . 

1.2. The headings in these Articles of Association are for convenience purposes only and shall not be used
to construe these Articles of Association . 

1.3. Anywhere in the Articles of Association where it is determined that its provisions shall be subject to
the provisions of the Ordinance and/or subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and/or subject to the provisions of any law, this
means the provisions of the Ordinance and/or the provisions of the Companies Law and/or the provisions of any law, which may not be subjected
to conditions, unless the context requires otherwise . 

1.4. The provisions which may be subject to conditions in the Companies Law shall apply to the Company wherever
it is not stated to the contrary in these Articles of Association and as long as there is no contradiction between them and the provisions
of these Articles of Association . 

COMPANY NAME 

2. The Company s name is as follows : 

2.1. In Hebrew - 

2.2. In English BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd . 

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

3. The liability of the shareholders is limited to repayment to the Company of the par value of the shares
they own, if said sum has not yet been paid to the Company. In the event that the Company allots shares for consideration lower than their
par value as stated in section 304 to the Law (the Reduced Consideration ), the liability of each shareholder shall be limited
to the repayment of the Reduced Consideration sum for each share allotted thereto as aforementioned . 

COMPANY S OBJECTIVES 

4. The objectives of the Company are to engage in any lawful activity in the field of biotechnology . 

BUSINESS 

5. The Company may, at any time, engage in any branch or type of by which it is authorized, explicitly or
implicitly, to engage subject to Article 4 above. In addition the Company may cease from engaging in such businesses, whether it has begun
said branch or type of business, or otherwise . 

DONATIONS 

6. The Company may donate reasonable amounts to worthy causes, even if said donation is not within the framework
of the Company s business considerations. The Board of Directors is authorized to determine, subject to its discretion, the sums
of the donations, the purposes for which they are executed, the identity of the receiver of the donation, and any other condition in connection
therewith . 

REGISTERED OFFICE 

7. The Company s registered office will be at the address determined by the Board of Directors, as
it changes from time to time . 

2 

The Articles of Association 

8. The Company may amend these Articles of Association upon a resolution passed by the General Meeting with
a majority of at least 75 of the voting rights at the meeting . 

9. A resolution passed by the General Meeting with the required majority to amend the Articles of Association,
as stated in article 8 above, which amends any of the provisions of these Articles of Association, will be deemed a resolution to amend
these Articles of Association, even if this was not explicitly stated in the resolution . 

10. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, amendments to these Articles of Association will be valid
as of the date of passing the resolution in this matter by the Company or on a later date determined in the resolution . 

REGISTERED SHARE CAPITAL 

11. The Company s registered share capital is 20,000,000,000 Ordinary Shares, no par value (the Shares 
or the Ordinary Shares ). 

Each Ordinary Share grants its owner the following
rights : 

a) Receiving an invitation and participation in the Company s General Meetings and voting thereat ; 

b) One vote at the General Meeting votes ; 

c) Participation in the distributed profit of the Company pro rata to the sum paid on account of the share s
par value ; 

d) In the event of distribution of surpluses of the Company s assets (after payment of its debt) to
the shareholders as part of dissolution or capital recovery in any form participation in the distribution of the surplus pro rata
to the sum paid on account of the share s par value . 

THE SHARES 

12. Each Ordinary Share in the Company s equity bears equal rights, for all intents and purposes, compared
to any other Ordinary Share, including the right to a dividend, bonus shares, and participation in the distribution of surplus Company
assets during dissolution, pro rata to the par value of each share, without taking into account any premium paid therefor, and all subject
to the provisions of these Articles of Association . 

13. Each of the Ordinary Shares entitles its owner to the right to participate in the Company s General
Meeting and to one vote . 

14. 

14.1. 

14.1.1. A Company shareholder is anyone registered as a shareholder in the shareholders ledger, and anyone who
owns a share registered with a stock exchange member and the same share is included among the shares registered in the Company s
shareholders ledger in the name of the registration company . 

14.1.2. A shareholder who is a trustee will be registered in the shareholders ledger while stating his trusteeship,
and he shall be deemed for the purpose of the Companies Law a shareholder. Without derogating from the aforementioned, the Company will
recognize the trustee, as aforesaid, as the shareholder, for all intents and purposes, and will not recognize any other person, including
the beneficiary, as having any right whatsoever in the share . 

3 

14.2. Without derogating from the abovementioned, and subject to the provisions of these Articles of Association,
apart from Company shareholders, as stated in Article 14.1 above, no person shall be recognized by the Company as having any right whatsoever
in a share and the Company will not be bound by and will not acknowledge any benefit subject to equity laws or fiduciary relations or
chose in action, future or partial in any share or benefit whatsoever in a share fraction or any other right pertaining to a share except
only the right of a shareholder as stated in article 14.1 above, in an entire share, and all, except if an authorized court has instructed
to the contrary . 

SHARE CERTIFICATES 

15. The certificates attesting to the proprietary right in the shares shall bear the Company seal and the
signatures of one director jointly with the Company CEO or jointly with the Company secretary or the signatures of any two people appointed
for this purpose by the Board of Directors . 

The Board of Directors may decide that
a signature or signatures as abovementioned shall be done in any mechanical way, as determined by the Board of Directors . 

16. Except in the event that the terms of issue of shares determine otherwise : 

16.1. Each registered shareholder is entitled to receive from the Company, as per his request, within a period
of two months after the allotment or registration of transfer, as the case may be, one certificate attesting to his ownership in the shares
registered in his name, or, with the Company s consent, a number of aforesaid certificates . 

16.2. The registration company is entitled to receive from the Company, as per its request, within a period
of two months after the allotment or registration of transfer, as the case may be, one certificate attesting to the number of shares and
class of shares registered in its name in the shareholder ledger . 

17. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, each certificate shall specify the amount of shares for
which it was issued, their serial numbers and par value . 

18. A certificate referring to a share registered to two persons or more, shall be delivered to anyone whose
name appears first in the shareholder ledger, with regard to the same share, unless all registered owners of the same share, instruct
the Company in writing to deliver it to another registered owner . 

19. In the event that a share certificate is destroyed, damaged, lost, or impaired, the Board of Directors
may order the cancellation thereof and issue a new certificate in lieu thereof, provided that the share certificate was delivered to the
Company and destroyed thereby, or it was proven to the satisfaction of the Board of Directors that the certificate was lost or destroyed
and the Company received guarantees to the Board of Directors satisfaction for any damage which may occur thereto. For each share
certificate issued subject to this article a reasonable sum shall be paid therefor as determined by the Board of Directors from time to
time . 

4 

PAYMENTS FOR SHARES 

20. All of the shares in the Company s issued capital will be fully paid-up shares . 

FORFEITURE OF SHARES 

21. Without derogating from article 20 above, the Board of Directors may forfeit a share allotted by the Company
and sell it, if the consideration payable by the shareholder, all or some, was not paid to the Company, and the provisions of the Companies
Law in this matter shall apply . 

TRANSFER AND DELIVERY OF SHARES 

22. Any transfer of shares registered in the name of the registration company shall be performed through the
registration company. Any transfer of shares registered in the shareholder ledger in the name of a registered shareholder, including a
transfer by the registration company or thereto, shall be done in writing, provided that the deed of transfer is signed by hand only,
by the transferor or the transferee, themselves or by proxy, and by witnesses to the signing, and delivered to the registered office or
any other place determined for this purpose by the Board of Directors. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, transfer of shares
will not be registered in the shareholder ledger, except after a transfer deed as abovementioned is delivered to the Company; the transferor
will continue to be considered the owner of the transferred shares until the transferee is registered in the shareholder ledger as the
owner of the transferred shares . 

23. The share transfer deed will be in writing, in the format acceptable in Israel or in any other format
approved by the Board of Directors. If the transferor or transferee are a corporation, confirmation will be provided by an attorney or
accountant or another person the identity of whom is acceptable to the Board of Directors, regarding the authority of those signing on
behalf of the corporation to execute or receive the transfer, as the case may be . 

24. The Company may close the shareholder ledger for a duration determined by the Board of Directors provided
that it does not exceed, in total, thirty days each year. While the ledger is closed, no transfer of shares will be registered in the
ledger. Without derogating from the aforementioned, the Board of Directors may determine an effective date for the question of entitlement
to vote at the General Meeting, or receive a dividend payment or allotment of any rights whatsoever or for any other legal purpose . 

25. Subject to the provisions of these Articles of Association or the terms of issue of shares of any class,
the shares will be transferable without requiring the approval of the Board of Directors . 

26. Each transfer deed will be submitted to the office or any other place determined by the Board of Directors,
for the purpose of registration, together with the share certificate about to be transferred, if such was issued, and any other proof
required by the Board of Directors regarding the proprietary right of the transferor or his right to transfer the shares. The deeds of
transfer registered will remain in the Company s possession however any deed of transfer which the Board of Directors refuses to
register will be returned to the submitter, as per his request . 

27. If the Board of Directors refuses to approve a transfer of shares due to failure to fulfill any of the
terms specified in article 26 above, it shall notify the transferor of this no later than one month from the date of receiving the deed
of transfer . 

28. The Company will be entitled to charge payment for the registration of the transfer, at a sum determined
by the Board of Directors, from time to time, and which will be reasonable under the circumstances . 

5 

29. 

29.1. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and the provisions of these Articles of Association, if
it is proven to the Company to the Board of Directors satisfaction and by means determined thereby, that the legal requirements
were upheld to endorse a right in the shares registered in the ledger in the name of a registered shareholder, the Company will recognize
the endorsee, and him alone, as the owner of the right in the aforementioned shares . 

29.2. Notwithstanding the abovementioned, in the event of death of one or more of the joint owners of shares
registered in their name in the ledger, the Company will recognize the remaining registered owners, and them alone, as having a proprietary
right in those shares 

30. 

30.1. Subject to the provisions of these Articles of Association, the Company will change the registration of
ownership in shares in the shareholders ledger if the Company receives a court order to amend the ledger or if it was proven to the Company,
to the Board of Directors satisfaction and by methods determined thereby, that the legal requirements were upheld to endorse the
right in the shares, and the Company will not recognize any other right of a person in the shares, prior to proving his right as abovementioned . 

30.2. Without derogating from the abovementioned, the Board of Directors may refuse to perform the registration
or may delay it, as it would be entitled to do, had the registered owner himself transferred the share prior to the endorsement of the
right . 

31. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and the provisions of these Articles of Association, a
person who becomes entitled to a share as stated in article 29 above, will be entitled to perform a transfer of the shares as the registered
owner of the shares would have been entitled to himself prior to the endorsement of the right . 

32. The Company may destroy the share transfer deeds after seven years have passed from the date of registration
in the ledger; in addition the Company may destroy revoked share certificates, after seven years have passed from their date of revocation,
and a prima facie presumption shall apply that all of the transfer deeds and certificates destroyed, as aforementioned, were fully valid
and that the transfers, revocations, and registrations, as the case may be, were duly executed . 

CHANGES IN CAPITAL 

33. Subject to the provisions of any law, the Company may, with a resolution passed at the General Meeting
by ordinary majority, increase the Company s registered share capital, with types of shares, as it shall determine . 

6 

34. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may, with a resolution passed at the General
Meeting by ordinary majority : 

34.1. Consolidate its shares, all or some, and divide them into shares of par values greater than the par value
of its existing shares . 

34.2. Divide its shares, all or some, by secondary division, into shares of par values smaller than the par
value of its existing shares . 

34.3. Reduce the Company s capital and any capital redemption reserve fund . 

In order to execute any resolution
as abovementioned, the Board of Directors may settle, subject to its discretion, any difficult arising therefrom . 

35. Without derogating from the generality of the Board of Directors authority, as abovementioned,
if as a result of the consolidation or division, as abovementioned, the shareholders will remain with share fractions, the Board of Directors
may subject to its discretion act as follows : 

35.1. Determine that the share fractions that do not entitle their owners to a whole share, will be sold by
the Company and the consideration of the sale will be paid to those entitled, subject to the conditions and in the manner determined . 

35.2. Allot to each shareholder which the consolidation and/or division leave in their hands a share fraction,
shares of the type of shares existing in the Company capital prior to the consolidation and/or division, of such a number so that their
consolidation with the fraction creates one whole share, and an allotment as aforementioned will be deemed in effect near before the consolidation
or division, as the case may be . 

35.3. Determine the manner in which the sums owed for the shares allotted as stated in article 35.2 will be
redeemed, including the manner in which the sums can be redeemed on account of bonus shares . 

35.4. Determine that the owners of share fractions will not be entitled to receive a whole share for a share
fraction . 

35.5. Determine that shareholders will not be entitled to receive a whole share for a fraction of a whole share
at a certain par value or less and will be entitled to receive a whole share for a fraction of a whole share the par value of which is
higher than the aforementioned par value . 

36. The Company may, with a resolution passed by the General Meeting by ordinary majority, revoke registered
share capital that has not yet been allotted, provided that there is no undertaking by the Company, including a contingent undertaking,
to allot the shares . 

CHANGE OF RIGHTS 

37. At any time in which the share capital is divided into different classes, the Company will be entitled
by ordinary resolution passed at the General Meeting by ordinary majority, except if the terms of issue of the same class of shares stipulate
otherwise, to revoke, convert, expand, add, reduce, amend, or change in any other way the rights of a class of the Company shares, provided
that consent was granted thereto in writing by all shareholders of the same class or that the resolution was passed at a General Meeting
of the shareholders of the same class by ordinary majority, or in the event that the terms of issue of a certain class of Company shares
stipulate otherwise, as was stipulated in the terms of issue of the same class . 

7 

38. The provisions set in the Articles of Association regarding General Meetings shall apply, mutatis mutandis,
to any class meeting provided that a legal quorum at a class meeting is created when at the opening of the meeting, at least two shareholders
owning at least twenty five percent of the number of shares issued of the same class are in attendance, themselves or by proxy. However
if no such legal quorum is created, the class meeting will be deferred to another date and at the deferred meeting any number of participants
will constitute a legal quorum, regardless of the number of shares they own . 

39. The rights of the shareholders or the owners of a class of shares, issued whether as ordinary rights or
preferred rights or other extraordinary rights, shall not be considered as if they were converted, reduced, derogated, or changed in any
other manner by the creation or issue of additional shares of any type whatsoever, whether at an equal level or a different or preferred
level thereto, and they will not be considered as if they were converted, reduced, derogated, or changed in any other way, by changing
the rights attached to shares of any other class whatsoever, and all, unless otherwise explicitly stipulated in the terms of issue of
the same shares . 

ISSUE OF SHARES AND OTHER SECURITIES 

40. The Board of Directors may issues shares and other securities, convertible or exercisable into shares,
up to the limit of the Company s registered share capital; in this matter convertible securities that are convertible or exercisable
into shares shall be considered as if they were converted or exercised on the date of the issue. Without derogating from the generality
of the aforementioned, the Board of Directors will be entitled to issue the shares and other securities, as abovementioned, grant choice
rights to purchase them including options or to grant them in another way, and all to the people determined thereby and on the dates,
at the prices and subject to the terms determined thereby, and to determine any other instruction related thereto, including provisions
regarding the methods of distributing the shares and securities issued by the Company, among their buyers, including in the event of oversubscription,
and all subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors . 

41. Without derogating from the generality of the aforementioned, and subject to the provisions of the Companies
Law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may determine that the consideration for the shares will be paid in cash or
with assets in kind, and thus including with securities or any other manner, subject to its discretion, or that the shares will be allotted
as bonus shares or that the shares will be allotted for consideration equal to their par value or higher therefrom, whether in unit or
in series, and all subject to the conditions and on the dates determined by the Board of Directors, subject to its discretion . 

42. In a resolution to increase the Company s registered capital the General Meeting may determine that
the new shares included in the sum with which the registered share capital is increased as aforementioned (hereinafter referred to as
the New Shares ), or any part thereof, will be first offered, for their par value or a premium, to all of the shareholders
holding shares at that time, at a proportionate rate to the par value of their shares in the Company or determine other provisions regarding
the issue and allotment of the New Shares. However, if the General Meeting did not determine as aforementioned in a resolution to increase
the Company s registered share capital, the Board of Directors may offer them, as stated in article 40 above . 

43. The Board of Directors may decide to pay commission or underwriting fees to any person, upon signing or
agreement to sign or obtaining signatures or guaranteeing signatures for shares, or debentures or other Company securities. In addition
the Board of Directors is entitled, in any event of issuing securities of the Company, to decide to pay brokerage fees, and all, in cash,
in Company shares, or other securities issued by the Company, or in any other way, or partly in one way and partly in another way, all
subject to the provisions of any law . 

8 

REDEEMABLE SECURITIES 

44. Subject to the provisions of any law, the Company may issue redeemable securities subject to the terms
and in the manner determined by the Board of Directors, subject to its discretion . 

REGISTRIES 

45. 

45.1. The Company will keep a shareholder ledger and register therein the names of the shareholders and other
details required subject to the Companies Law, near after the issue of any shares of the Company. Subject to the provisions of the Law,
upon his registration in the ledger the registered shareholder will be deemed the owner of the shares registered in his name, and thus
even if share certificates for said shares were not issued . 

45.2. The Company will keep a ledger of material shareholders, as is required subject to the Companies Law . 

46. The Company may keep an additional shareholders ledger outside of Israel subject to the conditions determined
for this matter in the Companies Law . 

47. The Company will keep a ledger of the holders of debentures and securities convertible into Company shares,
and all of the provisions of the Articles of Association in connection with shares shall apply to said convertible securities, with regard
to registration in the ledger, issue of certificates, replacement of certificates, transfer and endorsement, mutatis mutandis as the case
may be, and all subject to the terms of the allotment of the securities . 

GENERAL MEETING 

48. The Company s decisions in the following matters shall be approved at the General Meeting : 

48.1. Articles of Association amendments ; 

48.2. Exercising the Board of Directors authority by the General Meeting, if the Board of Directors is
unable to exercise its authorities and the exercise of an authority of its authorities is vital for the orderly management of the Company,
as stated in section 52(a) to the Companies Law ; 

48.3. Appointing the Company s auditor and termination of his employment ; 

48.4. Appointing the Company directors and their dismissal ; 

48.5. Approving actions and transactions that require the approval of the General Meeting subject to the provisions
in sections 255 and 268 to 275 to the Companies Law ; 

48.6. Increasing the registered share capital and decreasing it in accordance with the provisions of sections
286 and 287 to the Companies Law as well as changes in capital as specified in article 34 above ; 

9 

48.7. Subject to the provisions of section 320(a1) to the Companies Law, merger as stated in section 320(a)
to the Companies Law ; 

48.8. Any resolution which must be passed according to the Articles of Association by a resolution of the General
Meeting . 

48.9. Authorizing the chairperson of the Board of Directors or his relative to fulfill the duty of CEO or exercise
his authorities and authorizing the CEO or his relative to fulfill the duty of chairperson of the Board of Directors or exercise his authorities,
as stated in section 121(c) to the Companies Law . 

49. The Company will hold an annual General Meeting each year and no later than fifteen months after the last
annual General Meeting, on the date and at the place determined by the Board of Directors . 

50. The agenda of the annual General Meeting will include the following subjects : 

50.1. Discussion regarding the Company financial statements and the Board of Directors report regarding the
state of the Company s affairs, submitted to the General Meeting ; 

50.2. Appointing directors and determining their salary ; 

50.3. Appointing the auditor ; 

50.4. Board of Directors report regarding the salary of the auditor for auditing activity and for additional
services, if any ; 

50.5. In addition to the abovementioned, any other subject put on the agenda as stated in article 53 below may
be included on the agenda of the annual General Meeting . 

A General Meeting as abovementioned will be referred
to as an annual meeting and any other meeting will be referred to as an extraordinary meeting . 

51. The Company Board of Directors will convene an extraordinary meeting subject to its discretion, and upon
the demand of any of the following : 

51.1. Two directors or a quarter of the serving directors . 

51.2. A shareholder, one or more, who holds at least five percent of the issued capital and one percent of the
Company s voting rights, or a shareholder, one or more, than has at least five percent of the voting rights in the Company . 

If the Board of Directors is required
to summon an extraordinary meeting, as abovementioned, it will summon it within twenty one days from the date the demand was submitted
thereto, for the date determined in the notice regarding the extraordinary meeting, as stated in article 55.1 below, provided that the
date on which it is convened is no later than thirty five days from the date of publishing the notice, all subject to the Companies Law . 

52. If the Board of Directors failed to summon an extraordinary meeting demanded subject to article 51 above,
the demander may, and when concerning shareholders even some of those who have more than half of their voting rights, convene
the meeting himself, provided that it is not held after three months have passed from the date on which the aforementioned demand was
submitted, and it will be convened, as much as possible, in the same manner in which meetings are convened by the Board of Directors . 

10 

53. 

53.1. The agenda of a General Meeting will be determined by the Board of Directors and will include as well
subjects for which the convening of an extraordinary meeting was demanded subject to article 51 above and a subject requested as stated
in article 53.2 below . 

53.2. A shareholder, one or more, with at least one percent of the voting rights at the General Meeting, may
request that the Board of Directors include a subject on the agenda of a future General Meeting, provided that the subject is appropriate
for discussion at a General Meeting . 

53.3. A request as specified in article 53.2 above will be submitted to the Company in writing at least seven
days prior to the delivery of notice regarding the convening of a General Meeting, and the draft of the resolution proposed by the shareholder
will be attached thereto . 

54. 

54.1. A notice regarding a General Meeting will be published in at least two daily newspapers, with wide circulation,
published in the Hebrew language; subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the notice will be published at least 21 days prior
to the convening of the General Meeting . 

54.2. Apart from the notice regarding a General Meeting as stated in article 54.1 above, the Company will not
deliver notice regarding a General Meeting, both to the registered and non-registered shareholders, subject to the provisions of the Law . 

55. 

55.1. The notice regarding the General Meeting will specify the location, date and time of the convening of
the meeting and it will include the agenda as well as a summary of the proposed resolutions and any other specification required by law . 

55.2. In its decision to summon a meeting, the Board of Directors may determine the manner of specification
of the subjects on the agenda of the meeting, which will be delivered to the shareholders entitled to participate in the meeting, and
all subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and subject to the provisions of the Companies Law . 

55.3. Without derogating from the authority of the Board of Directors as stated in this article 55 above and
without derogating from the generality of the provisions of the Articles of Association regarding transfer of authorities by the Board
of Directors, the Board of Directors will be entitled to transfer its authorities as stated in this article 55 above to the Board of Directors
committee and/or Company officer, whether for the purpose of a certain General Meeting or for a period . 

56. A bona fide fault in the convening of the General Meeting or the convening thereof, including a fault
arising from the failure to comply with an instruction or the conditions of the law or the Articles of Association, including with regard
to the manner of convening or managing the General Meeting, will not invalidate any resolution passed at the General Meeting and will
not derogate from the discussions held therein, subject to the provisions of any law . 

11 

DELIBERATIONS AT THE GENERAL MEETING 

57. A deliberation at the General Meeting shall not be started unless a legal quorum is present upon opening
the meeting. A legal quorum will be created with the attendance, themselves or by proxy, of shareholder/s holding, alone or accumulatively,
at least 10 of the Company s voting rights (or, for so long as the Company does not qualify as a foreign private issuer under the
rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and for only so long as required by the Nasdaq
Stock Market, 331/3 of the Company s outstanding ordinary shares) within half an hour from the time set for opening the meeting,
unless otherwise stipulated in the Articles of Association . 

58. If a legal quorum is not in attendance at the General Meeting after half an hour from the time set for
the opening of the meeting, the meeting will be deferred for one week, to the same date, same time and same location, without the requirement
of notifying the shareholders of this, or another date is such was stated in the a notice regarding the meeting, or to a different date,
hour and location, as shall be determined by the Board of Directors in a notice to the shareholders . 

59. A deferred meeting will be held with any number of participants (unless the Company does not qualify as
a foreign private issuer under the rules of the Exchange Act) . 

60. The chairperson of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence thereof, any director appointed for this
purpose by the Board of Directors, will head each General Meeting of the Company. In the absence of a chairperson, as stated or if at
any meeting whatsoever none of them are present fifteen minutes after the time set for the opening of the meeting or if they refuse to
serve as chairperson of the meeting, the present directors, by a majority of votes among them, may choose a chairperson among them or
among the Company officers attending the meeting, and if they fail to do so the present shareholders themselves or by proxy will
choose one of the present directors or officers to head the meeting. If no directors or officers are present or if the directors or officers
all refuse to head the meeting, they will choose one of the shareholders or the proxy of an aforementioned shareholder to head the meeting . 

61. The Company will take minutes of the proceeding at the General Meeting which will include the following
details : 

61.1. The names of the shareholders participating at the General Meeting and the number of shares held thereby ; 

61.2. The matters deliberated at the General Meeting and the passed resolutions . 

62. Minutes signed by the chairperson of the General Meeting constitutes prima facie evidence to its contents . 

12 

VOTING AND PASSING RESOLUTIONS AT THE GENERAL
MEETINGS 

63. A shareholder who wishes to vote at the General Meeting, will prove to the Company his ownership of a
share, as required subject to the Companies Law. Without derogating from the aforementioned, the Board of Directors may determine provisions
and procedures for proving the ownership of Company shares . 

64. A shareholder may vote at a General Meeting or class meeting, himself or by proxy, all subject to the
provisions of the Articles of Association and subject to the provisions of the Companies Law. A proxy at a vote does not have to be a
Company shareholder . 

65. Subject to the provisions of any law, in the event of joint ownership in a share, each of them may vote
at any meeting, whether himself or by proxy, with regard to such share, as if he were the sole person entitled thereto. If more than one
of the joint owners of a share attend the meeting, themselves or by proxy, the one whose name is listed first in the shareholder ledger
with regard to the share, or in the approval of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange member regarding his ownership of the share Ownership
Confirmation ), or in another document determined by the Board of Directors for this purpose, shall vote, as the case may be. A
number of legal guardians or a number of estate executers of a deceased registered shareholder shall be considered for the purpose of
this section as joint owners of these shares . 

66. Any person entitled to a share subject to article 29 above may vote subject thereto at any General Meeting
in the same manner as if he were the registered owner of those shares provided that he proves to the Board of Directors satisfaction
his right to the share at least forty-eight hours prior to the date of the General Meeting or the deferred meeting, as the case may be,
where he intends to vote, unless the Company has previously recognized his right to vote subject to those shares at such meeting . 

67. The document appointing a proxy for a vote Letter of Proxy will be drafted in writing
and signed by the appointer, and if the appointer is a corporation, the Letter of Proxy will be drafted in writing and signed in the manner
obligating the corporation; the Board of Directors may demand that the Company receive prior to the convening of the meeting, confirmation
in writing, to the Board of Directors satisfaction, regarding the signatories authority to obligate the corporation. In
addition the Board of Directors is entitled to determine instructions and procedures in connection therewith . 

The Letter of Proxy or an appropriate
copy thereof, to the Board of Directors satisfaction, will be deposited at the registered office or another place or places, in
Israel or abroad as shall be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time, in general or with regard to a special case
 at least forty-eight hours prior to the beginning of the meeting or the deferred meeting, as the case may be, when the proxy intends
to vote based on said Letter of Proxy. Notwithstanding the abovementioned, the chairperson of the meeting may, subject to his discretion,
receive a Letter of Proxy as aforementioned, even after the aforesaid date, if he deemed this appropriate, subject to his discretion.
If no Letter of Proxy was received as stated in this section above, it will be invalid at that meeting . 

68. A proxy at a vote may participate in the deliberations at the General Meeting and be chosen as chairperson
of the meeting as the appointing shareholder would have been entitled provided that nothing to the contrary was stated in the Letter of
Proxy . 

68.1. The Letter of Proxy appointing a proxy to participate in a vote will be in the form acceptable in Israel
or any other form approved by the Board of Directors . 

68.2. The Letter of Proxy will note the class and number of shares for which it was granted, If no number of
shares for which it was granted are stated in the Letter of Proxy or if it states a number of shares higher than the number of shares
registered to the name of the shareholder or stated in the Ownership Confirmation, as the case may be, the Letter of Proxy will be deemed
as given for the shares of the shareholder . 

68.3. If the Letter of Proxy is given for a number of shares lower than the number of shares registered to the
name of the shareholder or stated in the Ownership Confirmation, as the case may be, the shareholder will be deemed as if he avoided attending
the vote for the balance of his shares and the Letter of Proxy will be valid for the number of shares stated therein . 

13 

69. Without derogating from the provisions of the Articles of Association regarding appointment of a proxy
to a vote, a shareholder holding more than one share will be entitled to appoint more than one proxy, subject to these instructions : 

69.1. Each Letter of Proxy will note the class on number of shares for which it was granted . 

69.2. If the total number of shares of any class stated in the Letter of Proxy given by one shareholder exceeds
the number of shares of the same class registered in his name or stated in the Ownership Confirmation, as the case may be, all Letters
of Proxy granted by the same shareholder shall be null and void . 

70. A shareholder or proxy at a vote may vote subject to some of the shares he owns or for which he serves
as a proxy, and may vote subject to some of the shares in one manner and subject to some of them in another manner . 

71. A vote subject to a Letter of Proxy will be valid even if there was a flaw in the Letter of Proxy and
even if prior to the vote the appointer died or was declared incompetent or if the Letter of Proxy was revoked or the share for which
the Letter of Proxy was granted was transferred, unless prior to the meeting notice was received at the office, in writing, regarding
the flaw, death, incompetency, revocation, or transfer, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the abovementioned, the meeting chairperson
may, subject to his discretion, accept notice as aforementioned even during the meeting, if he decides that this is appropriate, subject
to his discretion . 

72. A Letter of Proxy will be valid as well with regard to any deferred meeting of a meeting to which the
Letter of Proxy refers, provided that nothing to the contrary was stated in the Letter of Proxy . 

73. Each of the Ordinary Shares entitles its owner to the right to participate in the Company s General
Meetings and to one vote . 

74. A resolution put up for a vote at a General Meeting will be decided by a vote of the number of votes;
the vote will be performed in the manner determined by the chairperson of the meeting. In the event of a dispute regarding whether to
accept any vote or disqualify it the chairperson of the meeting will resolve the matter and his bona fide decision will be final and decisive . 

75. The announcement of the chairperson that the resolution at the General Meeting was passed or
 rejected, whether unanimously or by any majority and a note stated in this matter in the minutes of the meeting will constitute
 prima facie evidence to that which was stated therein, and there will be no further necessity to prove the number of votes (or their
 relative portion) given for or against the resolution . 

76. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law or the provisions of the Articles of Association regarding
another majority, the resolutions of the General Meeting will be passed by ordinary majority. In the event that the number of votes for
and against are equal, the chairperson of the meeting will not have and additional or decisive vote . 

14 

77. The chairperson of the General Meeting may, with the consent of a meeting that has a legal quorum, defer
it or defer the deliberation or defer passing a resolution in a certain subject which is on that day s agenda, to another date and
place determined, and he must do so subject to the meeting s demand. At a deferred meeting as aforementioned, no subject shall be
discussed except that which was on the agenda and for which no resolution was made at the meeting where the deferral was decided upon.
If the General Meeting is deferred to a date that exceeds twenty-one days, notices and invitations to the deferred meeting will be given
as stated in articles 54 and 55 above. If the General Meeting is deferred without changing its agenda, to a date that does not exceed
21 days, notices and invitations regarding the new date will be given as soon as possible, and no later than 72 hours before the General
Meeting; the notices and invitations as aforementioned shall be given subject to sections 54 and 55, mutatis mutandis . 

77 a. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and its regulations,
votes at a General Meeting in the subjects mentioned below can be performed as well by means of a voting ballot: (a) appointment and
dismissal of directors; (b) approval of actions or transactions that require the General Meeting s approval subject to the provisions
of sections 255 and 268 to 275 to the Companies Law; (c) approval of a merger subject to section 320 to the Companies Law; (date) subjects
determined by the Minister in the regulations instated or that will be instated subject to section 89 to the Companies Law . 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

78. The number of directors, including any external directors required by Israeli law, shall be no less than
three and no more than eleven . 

79. The directors will be appointed at the annual meeting. The directors, excluding the external directors,
shall be classified into three groups (A, B and C) as nearly equal in number as practicable. Subject to the foregoing, the duration of
their service, except for the external directors, shall be as follows : 

One-third of the directors will belong
to group A, and the duration of their service shall be from the time of their appointment until the third annual meeting held after the
date of their appointment . 

One-third of the directors will be
appointed to group B, and the duration of their service shall be from the time of their appointment until the third annual meeting held
after the date of their appointment . 

One-third of the directors will be
appointed to group C, and the duration of their service shall be from the time of their appointment until the third annual meeting held
after the date of their appointment . 

At each annual meeting, the three-year
duration of service of one group of directors shall expire, and the directors of such group will stand for election. Each of the directors
or the successors elected to replace the directors of a group whose term shall have expired at such annual meeting shall be elected to
hold office until the third annual meeting held after the date of his or her election and until his or her respective successor is elected.
If no directors are appointed at the annual meeting, the directors appointed at the previous annual meeting will continue their service.
Directors whose service period has ended may be appointed again . 

Directors may be elected for a term
of less than three years in order to enable that the three groups of directors have as equal number of directors as possible as provided
in this Article 79 . 

15 

80. Apart from anyone who served as director until the date of the annual meeting, no director shall be appointed
at the annual meeting, unless the Board of Directors recommended the appointment thereof, or if a Company shareholder wishing to suggest
him had submitted to the office, no later than seven days from the date of publishing the notice regarding the meeting, a document in
writing signed by the shareholder, announcing the intention of same shareholder to suggest that this candidate be appointed as director,
while the written consent of the candidate to serve as director is attached to the document . 

81. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint an additional director or directors to the Company,
whether for the purpose of filling the position of a director vacated for any reason whatsoever or as an additional director or directors,
provided that the total amount of directors does not exceed the maximum number stated in article 78 above. The office of a director that
was appointed by the Board to fill any vacancy shall only be for the remaining period of time during which the director whose service
has ended was filled would have held office, or in case of a vacancy due to the number of directors serving being less than the maximum
number stated in article 78 above, the Board shall determine at the time of appointment the class pursuant to Article 79
above, to which the additional director shall be assigned 

82. The shareholders may, at an extraordinary meeting, appoint an additional director or directors to the
Company, whether for the purpose of filling a position that was vacated for any reason whatsoever or as an additional director or directors.
Directors appointed as abovementioned to fill a vacated position, except for external directors, will finish their service in accordance
with the group to which the director whose position was vacated belonged, subject to the provisions of article 79 above . 

83. Article revoked . 

84. Notwithstanding the abovementioned, the Company Board of Directors and General Meeting may at any time,
upon a resolution with a majority of at least 75 of the voting rights at the Board of Directors or General Meeting, as the case may be,
remove from office any director, except for an external director, prior to the end of his service period, provided that the director is
granted the reasonable opportunity to present his case before the General Meeting. In addition any General Meeting, with an ordinary majority
resolution, may appoint in lieu of the director removed from office as abovementioned another person as director. A director appointed
as abovementioned will serve in his position only for the period of service which the director whom he had replaced would have served . 

85. Article revoked . 

86. If the position of a director is vacated, the Board of Directors shall be entitled to continue to act
with regard to any matter as long as the number of directors is no less than the minimum number of directors stated in article 78 above.
If the number of directors is less than this number, the Board of Directors will not be entitled to act except for the purpose of convening
a General Meeting in order to appoint additional director, however not for any other purpose . 

87. A director may resign by delivering notice to the Board of Directors, to the chairperson of the Board
of Directors or the office, as is required subject to the Companies Law, and his resignation shall take effect on the date on which the
notice was delivered, unless the notice states a later date. The director will disclose the reasons for his resignation . 

88. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may pay the directors compensation for fulfilling
their duty as directors . 

16 

89. 

89.1. A director is entitled to appoint a substitute and thus subject to approving him as alternate director
by the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as the Alternate Director ). Notwithstanding the abovementioned, anyone
unsuitable to be appointed as director shall not be appointed and shall not serve as Alternate Director, and as well anyone serving as
Company director or as Alternate Director for a Company director or as the representative of a corporation . 

89.2. The Alternate Director is equal to the director for whom he serves as a substitute, and he will be entitled
to attend the meetings of the Board of Directors and/or Board of Directors committees, participate and vote therein, same as the eligibility
of the appointing director . 

89.3. A director who had appointed an Alternate Director may, subject to the provisions of the law, revoke the
appointment at any time. In addition, the position of Alternate Director will be vacated whenever the position of the director who had
appointed the Alternate Director is vacated in any manner whatsoever . 

89.4. Any appointment or revocation of the appointment of Alternate Director, as abovementioned, will be done
by written notice delivered to the Alternate Director and to the Company, and shall take effect after the delivery of the letter of appointment,
as abovementioned or on the date stated in the letter of appointment, according to the later date . 

89.5. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may pay to the Alternate Director compensation
for his participation in Board of Directors meetings . 

EXTERNAL DIRECTORS 

90. The Company will have at least two external directors, and the provisions of the Companies Law in this
matter shall apply . 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUTHORITY AND FUNCTIONS 

91. The Board of Directors will have all authorities and powers vested therein subject to the Company Articles
of Association, the Companies Law and any law . 

92. Without derogating from the provisions of these Articles of Association, the Board of Directors will outline
the Company s policy and oversee the performance of the CEO s duties and actions, including 

92.1. Determine the Company s action plans, the principles for financing them and their order of priority ; 

92.2. Examine the Company s financial situation and determine its approved line of credit ; 

92.3. Determine the organizational structure and the remuneration policy ; 

92.4. Entitled to determine the issue of a series of debentures ; 

92.5. Responsible for preparing and approving the financial statements, as stated in section 171 to the Companies
Law ; 

17 

92.6. Report to the annual meeting regarding the state of the Company s affairs and its business results,
as stated in section 173 to the Companies Law ; 

92.7. Appoint and dismiss the CEO ; 

92.8. Decide regarding actions and transactions that require its approval subject to the Company Articles of
Association or the provisions of sections 255 and 268 to 275 to the Companies Law ; 

92.9. May allot shares and securities convertible into shares up to the limit of the Company s registered
share capital ; 

92.10. May decide to distribute a dividend or bonus shares, as the case may be ; 

92.11. May decide upon an acquisition as this term is defined in section 1 to the Companies Law, from all of
the Company s shareholders or part of them or any of them, subject to its discretion ; 

92.12. Offer an opinion regarding a special tender offer, as stated in section 329 to the Companies Law ; 

92.13. Determine the minimum required number of directors on the Board of Directors, who must have accounting
and financial expertise, as this is defined in section 240 to the Companies Law; the Board of Directors will determine the aforementioned
minimum number based, inter alia, on the Company s nature, size, scope of the Company s activity and the complexity thereof,
and subject to the number of directors stipulated in the Articles of Association subject to section 219 to the Companies Law . 

The Board of Directors authorities
subject to this section may not be delegated to the CEO, expect as specified in the Companies Law . 

93. A power of the Company, not granted by law or the Company s Articles of Association to another organ,
may be executed by the Board of Directors . 

94. 

94.1. The Board of Directors may resolve that the authorities vested in the CEO will be transferred to its authority,
all in connection with a specific matter, or a specific timeframe, which shall not exceed the timeframe required under the circumstances . 

94.2. Without derogating from the aforementioned, the Board of Directors may instruct the CEO on how to act
with regard to a specific matter. If the CEO fails to comply with the instruction, the Board of Directors may exercise the required authority
in order to execute the instruction in lieu thereof . 

94.3. If the CEO is barred from exercising his authorities, the Board of Directors may exercise them in lieu
thereof . 

95. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Board of Directors may delegate from its authorities
to the CEO, a Company officer or another person. Delegating an authority of the Board of Directors may be for a certain matter or for
a certain timeframe, all subject to the Board of Directors discretion . 

18 

RECEIVING CREDIT AND GRANTING GUARANTEES
AND COLLATERAL 

96. Without derogating from any authority vested in the Board of Directors subject to these Articles of Association,
the Board of Directors may, from time to time, subject to its discretion, resolve upon : 

96.1. Receiving credit by the Company at any sum and securing its discharge, in the manner it deems fit ; 

96.2. Granting guarantees, collateral, and warranties of any kind ; 

96.3. Issuing a series of debentures, including capital notes or bonds, and including debentures, capital notes
or bonds convertible or exercisable into shares, and to determine their terms, and pledge its property, all or some, whether in the present
or in the future, whether by a floating or fixed charge. Debentures, capital notes, bonds, or other guarantees, as abovementioned, may
be issued at a discount, with a premium or in any other manner, whether with deferred rights and/or special rights and/or privileges and/or
other rights, all as determined by the Board of Directors subject to its discretion . 

97. The abovementioned in article 96 does not negate the authority of the CEO or anyone authorized thereby
for this purpose, to decide upon accepting credit by the Company, within the framework of the credit line and the guarantees determined
by the Board of Directors . 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMMITTEES 

98. 

(a) Subject to the Companies Law, the Board of Directors may, as it deems fit, create Board of Directors committees,
consisting of two members or more, and delegate from its authorities thereto. Notwithstanding the abovementioned, the Board of Directors
may not delegate from its authorities to a Board of Directors committee with regard to the following subjects : 

(1) Determining general policy for the Company; 

(2) Distribution, unless pertaining to the purchase of Company shares in accordance with a framework outlined
in advance by the Board of Directors ; 

(3) Determining the position of the Board of Directors in a matter that requires the approval of the General
Meeting or granting an opinion as stated in section 329 to the Companies Law ; 

(4) Appointing directors, if the Board of Directors is entitled to appoint them ; 

(5) Issue or allotment of shares or securities convertible into shares or exercisable into shares, or a series
of debentures, except for that which is specified in section 288(b) to the Companies Law ; 

(6) Approving financial statements ; 

(7) Board of Directors approval for transactions and actions that require the Board of Directors approval
subject to sections 255 and 268 to 275 to the Companies Law . 

19 

(b) The Board of Directors may create committees for the subjects specified in subsections (a) (1) 
(7) above, for recommendation only . 

(c) There shall be no person on a Board of Directors committee to which the Board of Directors has delegated
authorities who is not a Board of Directors member . 

(d) Those who are not Board of Directors members may serve on a Board of Directors committee where its sole
function is to advise or offer a recommendation to the Board of Directors . 

99. A resolution passed or action taken on a Board of Directors committee subject to the authority delegated
thereto from the authorities of the Board of Directors, constitutes a resolution passed or action taken by the Board of Directors, unless
otherwise explicitly determined by the Board of Directors with regard to a certain matter or certain committee. The Board of Directors
may from time to time extend, reduce or revoke the delegation of powers to a Board of Directors committee, however a reduction or revocation
of powers as aforementioned shall not derogate from the validity of a committee s resolution which the Company acted pursuant thereto
towards another person, where it was unaware of the revocation thereof .

100. 

100.1. The legal quorum for opening a meeting of a Board of Directors committee will be two committee members
serving on the date of the meeting, or their substitutes, as long as the Board of Directors had not determined otherwise . 

100.2. The provisions included in these Articles of Association regarding the actions of the Board of Directors
shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Board of Directors committees as well, as long as no replacement provisions were given in this matter
by the Board of Directors, and all subject to the provisions of the Companies Law . 

100.3. The Board of Directors committee will regularly report to the Board of Directors regarding its resolutions
or recommendations . 

101. 

101.1. The Board of Directors will appoint among its members an audit committee. The number of members of the
audit committee shall be no less than three and all of the external directors shall be its members. The following will not be members
of the audit committee: the chairperson of the Board of Directors, any director employed by the Company or who routinely provides services
thereto, and the Company s controlling shareholder or his relative . 

101.2. The functions of the audit committee will be as prescribed by the Companies Law including any other function
instructed by the Board of Directors . 

FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

102. Subject to the provisions of the Company Articles of Association, the Board of Directors may convene to
execute its duties, defer its meetings and regulate its actions and deliberations as it deems fit . 

103. The Board of Directors will appoint one of its members to serve as the chairperson of the Board of Directors
and it may appoint more than one Board of Directors chairperson (each of them shall be hereinafter referred to as the Board of
Directors Chairperson ). In addition, the Board of Directors may remove the Board of Directors Chairperson from office and appoint
another in lieu thereof. The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members one or more as the vice chairperson of the Board of
Directors, who will serve as his replacement when absent. The Board of Directors may determine the timeframe for the Board of Directors
Chairperson and his vice chairpersons service. If such period is not determined as aforesaid, the Board of Directors Chairperson
and vice chairpersons will serve as long as they serve as directors . 

20 

104. The Board of Directors Chairperson will head the Board of Directors meetings and manage them. If the Board
of Directors Chairperson is absent from a Board of Directors meeting, following a notice he had delivered in advance, or if he does not
appear at the Board of Directors meeting within 15 minutes from the time scheduled for holding the meeting, then the vice chairperson
(if such was appointed) shall head the meeting. If both the Board of Directors Chairperson and the vice chairperson are absent from the
meeting the attending Board of Directors members will choose one of those among them to be the chairperson of the meeting . 

105. The Board of Directors will convene for its meeting according to the Company s needs and at least
once every three months . 

106. The Board of Directors Chairperson may convene the Board of Directors at any time, and determine the place
and time for holding the Board of Directors meeting . 

107. Without derogating from the aforementioned, the Board of Directors Chairperson is obligated to convene
the Board of Directors upon the occurrence of each of the following : 

107.1. Receiving a demand to convene the Board of Directors from at least two directors, in order to deliberate
the subject specified in their demand ; 

107.2. Receiving notice or a report from the CEO which require the Board of Directors action ; 

107.3. Receiving notice from the auditor regarding material flaws in the Company s auditing ; 

107.4. Receiving notice from a director regarding the Company which prima facie contains an illegality or disruption
of the regular course of business . 

Upon receiving notice or a report as
abovementioned, the Board of Directors Chairperson will convene the Board of Directors, immediately, and no later than 14 days after the
date of the demand, the notice or the report, as the case may be . 

108. 

108.1. Early notice regarding the convening of the Board of Directors will be given to all members of the Board
of Directors a reasonable time before the date of the meeting . 

108.2. Notwithstanding the abovementioned, the Board of Directors may, with the consent of all of the directors,
convene a meeting without notice . 

109. The agenda of the Board of Directors meetings will be determined by the Board of Directors Chairperson,
and it will include : 

109.1. Subjects determined by the Board of Directors Chairperson ; 

21 

109.2. Subjects determined as stated in article 107 above ; 

109.3. Any subject which a director or the CEO requested that the Board of Directors Chairperson, a reasonable
time before convening the Board of Directors meeting, include on the agenda (hereinafter referred to as the Agenda . 

110. The notice regarding the convening of the Board of Directors will state the time and location of the meeting
as well as a reasonable specification of the matters that will be discussed at the meeting, according to the Agenda . 

111. Notice regarding a Board of Directors meeting will be delivered to the address of the director given in
advance to the Company, unless the director requests that the notice be delivered elsewhere . 

112. The legal quorum for opening a Board of Directors meeting is half of the Board of Directors members serving
at the time of the meeting, themselves or their proxies, or three members, according to the lower number . 

113. 

113.1. At a Board of Directors vote each director will have one vote. Board of Directors resolutions will be
passed by a majority of votes of the directors attending the meeting and voting therein, without taking into account the abstaining votes.
The Board of Directors Chairperson will not have an additional or deciding vote . 

113.2. If the opinions are tied, the proposed resolution on which the Board of Directors members have voted will
be deemed to have been rejected . 

114. The Board of Directors may hold meetings with the use of any means of communication provided that each
of the participating directors can hear each other simultaneously. The Board of Directors may regulate the manner and methods of holding
a meeting through the use of means of communication . 

115. The Board of Directors may pass resolutions even without convening in practice, provided that all of the
directors entitled to participate in the deliberation and vote in the subject of the resolution have agreed not to convene for a meeting
regarding said subject. The resolutions passed subject to this section, including the resolution not to convene, will be signed by the
Board of Directors Chairperson and will be valid, for all intents and purposes, as if passed in a duly convened and conducted Board of
Directors meeting . 

MINUTES 

116. The Board of Directors will ensure that minutes will be recorded of the proceedings at the Board of Directors
meetings; the minutes will be recorded in books designated for this purpose, and will include, inter alia, the following details : 

116.1. The names of the participating directors and other persons in attendance at each Board of Directors meeting ; 

116.2. The matters discussed at the Board of Directors meetings and the resolution that were passed. The minutes
will be signed by the Board of Directors Chairperson or the chairperson of the meeting, as the case may be; approved and signed minutes,
as aforementioned, will serve as prima facie evidence to its content . 

22 

117. The provisions of article 116 above, shall apply as well to the meetings of each Board of Directors committee
and the passing of Board of Directors resolutions without convening, as stated in article 115 above . 

THE CEO 

118. The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint a CEO to the Company, and it may appoint more than
one CEO (each of them hereinafter referred to as the CEO ). In addition, the Board of Directors is entitled to dismiss the
CEO or replace him, as it deems fit, subject to the provisions of aby contract between the CEO and the Company . 

119. The CEO is not required to be a Company shareholder or a director . 

120. The CEO is responsible for the regular management of the Company affairs, within the framework of the
policy determined by the Board of Directors and subject to its instructions . 

121. The CEO will have all administrative and executive powers not granted by law or by these Articles of Association
or subject thereto to a different organ of the Company except for powers as aforementioned transferred therefrom to the Board of Directors,
subject to the provisions of article 94.1 above, if transferred; the CEO will be subject to the Board of Directors supervision . 

122. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and the provisions of these Articles of Association, the
Board of Directors may, from time to time, deliver and grant to the CEO powers vested in the Board of Directors subject to these Articles
of Association, as it deems fit, and it may grant from these powers for such period, purposes, and subject to the same conditions and
with the same restrictions as the Board of Directors shall deem fit, and the Board of Directors may grant these powers, both without waiving
its own powers in the matter and instead or in lieu thereof, all or some, and it may from time to time cancel, revoke and amend these
powers, all or some . 

123. The CEO may, with the Board of Directors approval, delegate its powers, to another or to others,
subordinate thereto; such approval may be given whether as a general approval or ad hoc . 

124. Without derogating form the provisions of the Companies Law or any law, the CEO will submit to the Board
of Directors reports in the subject, on the dates and at the scope determined by the Board of Directors, whether in a specific resolution
or as part of the Board of Directors protocols . 

125. The CEO s fee may be paid by paying a salary or commission fees or profit participation or by granting
securities or the right to purchase securities, or in any other way . 

VALIDITY OF ACTIONS AND APPROVAL OF TRANSACTIONS 

126. Subject to the provisions of any law, all actions taken by the Board of Directors or a Board of Directors
committee or any person acting as director or as member of a Board of Directors committee or by the CEO, as the case may be will
be valid even if at a later time any flaw is discovered in the appointment of the Board of Directors, the Board of Directors committee,
the director, committee member or CEO, as the case may be, or if any of the aforementioned officers was barred from serving in his position . 

23 

127. 

127.1. A position at any other corporation, including a corporation which the Company is an interested party
therein or which is a shareholder in the Company, will not disqualify the officer from being an officer of the Company. In addition, no
officer shall be disqualified from being an officer of the Company due to his entering into an agreement or the entering into an agreement
of any corporation as abovementioned, with the Company in any matter whatsoever and by any means whatsoever . 

127.2. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the fact that a person is an officer of the Company shall
not disqualify him and/or his relative and/or another corporation which he is an interested party therein from executing transactions
with the Company in which the officer has a personal interest in any way . 

127.3. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, an officer will be entitled to participate and vote in
deliberations regarding the approval of transactions or actions in which he has a personal interest . 

128. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, a transaction between the Company and its officer or controlling
shareholder or a transaction between the Company and another person in which a Company officer or its controlling shareholder have a personal
interest therein, and which are not extraordinary transactions, shall be approved as follows : 

128.1. An agreement as abovementioned, in a transaction that is not extraordinary, will be approved by the Board
of Directors, unless it was determined by the Board of Directors that the agreement will be approved by the audit committee, whether in
a specific resolution or as part of the Board of Directors proceedings, whether by general authorization or authorization for a specific
type of transaction, or whether by authorization for a specific transaction . 

128.2. Approval of transactions which are not extraordinary as abovementioned can be done by granting general
approval for a certain type of transactions or by approving a certain transaction . 

129. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, general notice given to the Board of Directors by an officer
or controlling shareholder of the Company, regarding his personal interest in a certain entity, while specifying his personal interest,
shall constitute disclosure of the officer or controlling shareholder to the Company regarding his aforesaid personal interest, for the
purpose of any agreement with an entity as abovementioned, in a transaction that is not extraordinary . 

SIGNING ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY 

130. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and the provisions of these Articles of Association, the
Board of Directors may authorize any person to act and sign on behalf of the Company, whether alone or jointly with another person, whether
as a general matter or for specific matters . 

131. The Company will have a seal bearing the Company name. Signing a document will not bind the Company unless
those authorized to sign on behalf of the Company have signed it together with the Company seal or its printed name . 

24 

APPOINTING A LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE 

132. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Board of Directors may, at any time, grant Power of
Attorney to any person to be the Company s legal representative for such purposes and with such powers and discretion, for the period
and subject to the terms, all as the Board of Directors shall deem fit . 

The Board of Directors is entitled
to grant to said person, inter alia, the power to transfer to another, fully or partially, the powers, authorizations and discretion granted
thereto . 

EXEMPTION, INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE 

133. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may exempt its officer from his liability,
all or some, due to damage following the breach of his duty of care towards the Company . 

134. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may enter into a contract to insure the liability
of its officer, due to the liability imposed thereon following an action which he performed while serving as its officer, in each of the
following : 

134.1. Breach of his duty of care towards the Company or towards another person ; 

134.2. Breach of his fiduciary duty towards the Company, provided that the officer acted bona fide and he had
reasonable grounds to assume that the action will not harm the Company s interests ; 

134.3. A monetary obligation imposed thereon in favor of another person ; 

134.4. Another action permitted to be insured by the Companies Law ; 

134.5. Expenses paid by the officer or which he was ordered to pay, in connection with an administrative enforcement
proceeding held in his case, including reasonable litigation expenses, and including legal fees ; 

134.6. Payment to the person injured by the breach as stated in section 52ND to the Securities Law, as it was
amended in the Improvement of Enforcement Proceedings Law (hereinafter referred to as the Payment to the Person Injured by the
Breach ; 

134.7. Any other event for which it is permitted and/or will be permitted to insure the liability of an officer . 

135. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law 

135.1. The Company may grant an undertaking in advance to indemnify its officer, due to liability or an expense
imposed thereon or which he will pay due to an action which he performed as a result of him being its officer, in each of the following
(hereinafter referred to as the Indemnity Undertaking 

(a) As specified in article 136.1 below, and provided that the Indemnity Undertaking is limited to events
which in the opinion of the Board of Directors are expected in light of the Company s activity de facto at the time of granting
the Indemnity Undertaking and to a sum or standard which the Board of Directors determined to be reasonable under the circumstances, and
that the Indemnity Undertaking states the events which in the Board of Directors opinion are expected in light of the Company s
activity de facto at the time of granting the undertaking and the sum or standard which the Board of Directors deemed reasonable under
the circumstances. The indemnity sum will be limited only to sums not covered by the insurance and which were not paid de facto . 

(b) As specified in articles 136.2 or 136.3 or 136.4 or 136.5 below. The indemnity sum will be limited only
to sums not covered by the insurance and not paid de facto . 

25 

135.2. Without derogating from the content of article 135.1 above, the Company may indemnify its officer retroactively,
due to liability or an expense as specified in article 136 below, imposed thereon as a result of on action which he performed as a Company
officer. The indemnity sum will be limited only to sums not covered by the insurance and not paid de facto . 

136. An Indemnity Undertaking or indemnity, as stated in article above, may be given due to liability or an
expense as specified in subsections 136.1 to 136.6 below, imposed on the officer due to an action which he performed as a Company officer,
as follows : 

136.1. Monetary obligation imposed thereon in favor of another person pursuant to a legal judgment, including
a judgment rendered by settlement or an arbitration award approved by the court . 

136.2. Reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees, paid by the officer due to an investigation or proceeding
held against him by an entity authorized to hold an investigation or proceeding, and which ended without an indictment thereagainst and
without imposing a monetary obligation thereupon as an alternative for a criminal proceeding, or which ended without an indictment thereagainst
but with the imposing of a monetary obligation thereupon as an alternative to a criminal proceeding in an offense that does not require
proving mens rea; in this section proceeding ending without an indictment in a matter in which a criminal investigation
was held meaning the closing of the case subject to section 62 to the Rules of Criminal Procedure [combined version], 5742
 1982 (in this subsection Criminal Procedure Law or a stay of proceedings by the Attorney General subject
to section 231 to the Criminal Procedure Law . 

Monetary
obligation as an alternative to a criminal proceeding monetary obligation imposed by law as an alternative to the criminal
process, including an administrative fine subject to the Administrative Offenses Law, 5745- 1985, a fine for an offense determined as
a fineable offense subject to the Criminal Procedure Law, financial sanction or forfeit . 

136.3. Reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees, which the officer paid or was ordered to pay by
the court, in a process submitted thereagainst by the Company or on its behalf or by another person, or in a criminal indictment from
which he was acquitted, or in a criminal indictment where he was convicted of an offense that does not require proof of mens rea . 

136.4. Expenses paid by the officer or which he was ordered to pay, in connection with an administrative enforcement
proceeding held in his case, including reasonable litigation expenses, and thus including legal fees . 

136.5. Payment to the Person Injured by the Breach . 

136.6. Any liability or other expense for which it is permitted and/or will be permitted to indemnify the officer . 

26 

137. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law 

137.1. The Company is entitled to grant an undertaking in advance to indemnify any person including a Company
officer, who serves or has served the Company or as per its request as a director in another company which the Company has shares therein,
directly or indirectly, or which the Company has any interest whatsoever therein (hereinafter referred to as the Director in Another
Company ), subject to the provisions of article 135 above, which shall apply mutatis mutandis . 

137.2. Without derogating from article 137.1 above, the Company may indemnify the Director in Another Company
retroactively, due to liability or expense as specified in article 136 above, imposed thereon due to an action he performed pursuant to
his being a Director in Another Company . 

138. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Company may grant an undertaking in advance to indemnify
an employee or clerk of the Company who is not a Company officer or indemnify him retroactively for any monetary liability imposed thereon
in favor of another person due to an action performed bona fide within his capacity as Company employee or clerk . 

139. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the provisions of the Company s Articles of Association
do not limit the Company, in any manner whatsoever, with regard to its entering into an insurance contract, or with regard to the granting
of exemption or indemnity : 

139.1. In connection with a Company officer or Director in Another Company, if the insurance, exemption or indemnity
are not prohibited subject to any law . 

139.2. In connection with a person who is not a Company officer or Director in Another Company, including however
without derogating from the generality of the aforementioned, employees, contractors or consultants . 

DIVIDENDS, FUNDS AND CAPITALIZATION OF FUNDS
AND PROFITS 

140. The Board of Directors may, prior to deciding upon dividend distribution, as stated in article 142 below,
to contribute out of the profits any sums, subject to its discretion, to a general or reserve fund for the distribution of a dividend,
bonus shares, or any other purpose, as the Board of Directors shall determine subject to its discretion . 

141. Until utilizing the aforementioned funds, the Board of Directors may invest the sums contributed as aforementioned
and the monies of the funds, in any investment whatsoever, to manage these investments, change them or make any other use thereof, and
it is entitled to divide the reserve fund into special funds, and use any fund or part thereof for the purpose of the Company s
business, without holding it separate from the rest of the Company s assets, all subject to the Board of Directors discretion
and the terms it shall determine . 

142. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Board of Directors may pass a resolution regarding
the distribution of a dividend. The Board of Directors deciding upon the distribution of a dividend may decide that the dividend will
be paid, all or some, in cash or by distribution of assets in kind, and thus including securities or by any other means, as it deems fit . 

27 

143. 

143.1. 

(a) Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law, the Board of Directors may decide upon the allotment of
bonus shares, and turn into share capital some of the Company profits, as this is construed in section 302(b) to the Companies Law, from
share premium or any other source included in its equity, stated in its most recent financial statements, at the sum determined by the
Board of Directors and which shall be no less than the par value of the bonus shares . 

(b) The Board of Directors deciding upon the allotment of bonus shares, will determine whether they will be
of one class only for all shareholders without taking into account the classes of shares held thereby or that each shareholder as aforementioned
will be distributed bonus shares of the same class for all classes of shares held thereby . 

(c) Bonus shares allotted subject to this section will be deemed fully paid-up . 

143.2. The Board of Directors deciding upon the allotment of bonus shares may decide that the Company will transfer
to a special fund designated for the future distribution of bonus shares, such an amount which the conversion thereof into share capital
will suffice in order to allot to anyone who at the time will have, for any reason whatsoever, the right to purchase Company shares (including
a right which can only be activated on a later date), bonus shares which would have been owed thereto, had he exercised the right to purchase
the shares prior to the effective date for the right to receive bonus shares (in this section the Effective Date ). If after
the Effective Date the owner of the aforementioned right will exercise his right to purchase the shares or part thereof the Company will
allot thereto bonus shares of par value and which have been owed thereto had he exercised prior to the Effective Date the right to purchase
the shares which he had purchased de facto, and thus by converting into share capital the proper amount out of the aforementioned special
fund. The bonus shares will entitle their owners to participate in the dividend distribution in cash or the bonus shares as of the Effective
Date determined by the Board of Directors. For the purpose of determining the amount that should be transferred to the aforementioned
special fund, any amount transferred to this fund due to previous distributions of bonus shares shall be deemed as if it were already
capitalized and that shares entitling the owners of the right to purchase shares, to bonus shares, were already allotted therefrom . 

144. Subject to the rights attached to the classes of shares issued by the Company and the provisions of the
Articles of Association, a dividend or bonus shares will be distributed to the shareholders pro rata to the par value of each share, without
taking into account any premium paid therefor . 

145. In order to implement a resolution regarding the distribution of a dividend or allotment of bonus shares
the Board of Directors may : 

145.1. Settle as it deems fit any difficulty arising in connection therewith and take any action it chooses in
order to overcome such difficulty . 

145.2. Decide that fractions or fractions at a sum lower than a certain sum determined by the Board of Directors,
will not be taken into account in order to adjust the right of shareholders or sell share fractions and pay the (net) consideration to
those entitled . 

145.3. Authorize to sign on behalf of the shareholders any contract or other document required in order to validate
the allotment and/or distribution, and especially, authorize to sign and submit for registration a document as stated in section 291 to
the Companies Law . 

28 

145.4. Determine the value of certain assets for distribution and decide that payments in cash will be paid to
the shareholders based on the determined value . 

145.5. Grant cash or certain assets to trustees in favor of those entitled thereto, as the Board of Directors
deems advantageous . 

145.6. Make any arrangement or other settlement required in the Board of Directors opinion in order to
enable the allotment, or distribution, as the case may be . 

146. Dividend or other benefits due to shares shall not bear interest . 

147. The Board of Directors may withhold any dividend or bonus share or other benefits due to a share which
the consideration determined therefor, all or some, was not paid to the Company, and collect any sum as aforementioned or consideration
received from the sale of any bonus share or other benefit, on account of the debts or undertakings due to the aforementioned share, thus,
whether the aforesaid share is exclusively owned by the indebted shareholder or jointly with other shareholders . 

148. The Board of Directors may withhold any dividend or bonus share or other benefits due to a share for which
a person is entitled to be registered as its owner in the ledger or is entitled to transfer it, subject to articles 29 or 31 above, as
the case may be, until the same person is registered as the owner of the share or until he duly transfers it, as the case may be . 

149. The Board of Directors may determine, from time to time, the methods of payment of the dividends or allotment
of bonus shares or their transfer to those entitled thereto and as well the instructions, procedures, and arrangements in connection therewith,
both with regard to the registered shareholders and as well with regard to the non-registered shareholders. Without derogating from the
generality of the aforementioned, the Board of Directors may determine as follows : 

149.1. 

(a) Subject to the content of subsection (b) below, a dividend or monies distributed to registered shareholders
will be paid to a registered shareholder by mailing a check to his address, as it is registered in the shareholder ledger, or in the event
of joint registered owners of a share, to the person whose name appears first in the shareholder ledger with respect to said share. Any
delivery of a check as aforementioned will be done at the risk of the registered shareholder; without derogating from the aforementioned,
the Board of Directors may determine that a dividend sum lower than a certain sum determined by the Board of Directors will not be delivered
by check as abovementioned and the provisions of subsection (b) below shall apply in connection therewith . 

(b) The Board of Directors may determine that the payment of a dividend or monies distributed to registered
shareholders shall be done at the office or any other place determined by the Board of Directors . 

(c) A dividend the payment of which was not demanded within a period of seven (7) years from the date on which
its distribution was decided upon, the person entitled thereto will be deemed to have waived it and it will return to the ownership of
the Company . 

149.2. A dividend distributed to non-registered shareholders will be transferred to the aforementioned shareholders
through the Registration Company or by any other means determined by the Board of Directors . 

150. If two or more are registered in the ledger as the joint owners of a share, each of them is entitled to
provide a valid receipt against any dividend, share or other security, or other monies or benefits owing on account of the share . 

29 

COMPANY DOCUMENTS 

151. 

151.1. The shareholders will have the right to review the Company documents specified in section 184 to the Companies
Law, upon the fulfillment of the conditions determined for this purpose . 

151.2. Without derogating from the content of article 151.1 above, the Board of Directors may, subject to its
discretion, decide to grant a reviewing right of the Company documents, or any part thereof, including to the shareholders, all or some,
as it deems fit, subject to its discretion . 

151.3. The shareholders will not have the right to review the Company documents or part thereof, unless such
right was awarded thereto by law or subject to these Articles of Association or if they were permitted to do so by the Board of Directors,
as stated in article 151.2 above . 

152. Subject to the provisions of any law, any book, ledger or other registry which the Company must keep,
subject to any law or these Articles of Association, will be kept using technical, mechanical, or other means, as shall be decided by
the Board of Directors . 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

153. The Company s financial statements will be approved by the Board of Directors, signed on its behalf
by anyone authorized to do so by the Board of Directors, and presented before the annual meeting . 

AUDITOR 

154. The auditor or auditors will be appointed at each annual meeting, and serve until the end of the following
annual meeting . 

155. 

155.1. If an auditor is appointed to the Company, the Board of Directors will determine his fee for the auditing
activity, subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors . 

155.2. The fee of the auditor for additional services to the Company which are not auditing activities, will
be determined by the Board of Directors, subject to its discretion . 

The Board of Directors will report
to the annual meeting the terms of the agreement with the auditor for additional services including payments and undertakings of the Company
towards the auditor; for the purpose of this article, an auditor including a partner, employee or relative of the
auditor and including a corporation controlled thereby . 

30 

THE INTERNAL AUDITOR 

155 a . 

(a) The Company Board of Directors will appoint an internal auditor for the Company, subject to the suggestion
of the audit committee . 

(b) The organizational supervisor of the internal auditor will be the chairperson of the Board of Directors . 

(c) The internal auditor will submit to the Board of Directors for its approval, or, subject to the Board
of Directors determination from time to time, to the audit committee, a proposal for an annual or periodic work plan, and the Board
of Directors or audit committee, as the case may be, will approve it with the changes they deem fit . 

(d) The internal auditor will act in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Law . 

NOTICES 

156. Providing notices or delivering documents to the shareholders and the Registration Company, subject to
the provisions of the Law or subject to the Articles of Association, will be done in one of the ways mentioned below in this chapter . 

157. Notice regarding a General Meeting will be delivered as stated in article 54 above . 

158. 

158.1. Without derogating from the aforementioned, the Company may deliver notice or a document to a shareholder,
by delivering it in person or by facsimile or by post or by e-mail; delivery by post shall be done in accordance with the address of the
shareholder registered in the ledger, or if no such address is registered, in accordance with the address given to the Company thereby
for the purpose of delivering notices thereto. A notice delivered by facsimile transmission will be sent to the shareholder in accordance
with the facsimile number given thereby to the Company. A notice delivering by e-mail will be sent to the shareholder in accordance with
the e-mail address given thereby to the Company . 

a. A notice or document delivered personally to a shareholder will be deemed delivered on the date they were
delivered thereto . 

b. A notice or document delivered by post will be deemed duly delivered if submitted to a post office bearing
the correct address and duly stamped. The delivery will be deemed as if performed at the time when the letter would have been regularly
delivered by the postal service, and no more than two days from the date on which the letter containing the aforesaid notice was delivered
to the post office . 

c. A notice sent by facsimile or e-mail will be deemed delivered twenty four hours after their transmission . 

159. Without derogating from the abovementioned, the Company may deliver a notice to the shareholders by publishing
the notice once in two daily newspapers published in Israel, in the Hebrew language, both in addition and in lieu of delivering the notice
as stated in article 158 above. The date of publication in the newspaper shall be deemed the date on which the notice was received by
the shareholders . 

160. The Company may announce the delivery of a document at the office or any other place determined by the
Board of Directors or by any other means, including through the internet . 

31 

161. The Company is entitled to deliver notice or a document to joint owners of a share by sending them to
the shareholder whose name is mentioned first in the shareholder ledger, with regard to that share . 

162. Delivery of notice or a document to one of the family members living with the person for whom they are
designated will be deemed personal delivery to the same person . 

163. Any person who received the right to any share, by law, by transfer or by any other means, any notice
with regard to that share, duly delivered to the person from whom the right to the same share originated, prior to the registration of
his details in the ledger shall obligate him . 

164. Any document or notice delivered to a Company shareholder, in accordance with the provisions of the Articles
of Association, will be deemed duly delivered despite the event of death, insolvency or dissolution of the same shareholder or endorsement
of the right to his shares, by law (whether if the Company was aware of this or otherwise), as long as no one was registered in lieu thereof
as shareholder, and delivery or shipment as aforementioned will be deemed for any purpose as sufficient with regard to any person interested
in the same shares and/or entitled thereto subject to the endorsement of the right, by law, whether jointly with the same shareholder
or as a result thereof or in lieu thereof . 

165. Subject to the provisions of any law, a shareholder, director or any other person, entitled to receive
notice subject to the Articles of Association or by law, may waive the right to receive it, whether in advance or in retrospect, whether
for a specific event or in general, and once he does so this will be considered as if the notice was duly delivered, and any proceeding
or action for which notice should have been given will be deemed valid and in force . 

166. Written confirmation signed by a director or by the Company secretary regarding the delivery of a document
or notice by any of the method specified in the Articles of Association, will be deemed decisive proof regarding any detail included therein . 

167. Whenever early notice of a number of days must be granted or when a notice is valid during a certain period,
the date of delivery will be included among the count of the number of days or the period, except if otherwise determined. If notice is
given in more than one of the methods specified above, it will be deemed delivered on the earliest date for which it would be deemed delivered,
as abovementioned . 

MERGER 

168. The approval of a merger as stated in section 327 to the Companies Law requires an ordinary majority at
the General Meeting or a class meeting, as the case may be, and all subject to the provisions of any law . 

LIQUIDATION 

169. Subject to the provisions of any law, the liquidator may, whether by voluntary liquidation or otherwise,
subject to the resolution of a General Meeting passed by ordinary majority, to distribute in kind among the shareholders the surplus of
assets, all or some, and as well the liquidator may subject to the resolution of the General Meeting passed by ordinary majority, to deposit
any part of the assets surplus with trustees who will hold it in trust on behalf of the shareholders, as the liquidator shall deem fit.
For the purpose of distributing the assets in kind, the liquidator may determine the proper value of the assets intended for distribution
and determine how the distribution will be performed among the shareholders while taking into consideration the rights attached to the
various classes of the Company shares which they own . 

32 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-1_biondvax.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4 .1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

This section
summarizes certain information regarding the ordinary shares, no par value (the Ordinary Shares ), of BiondVax Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. (the Company and the American Depositary Shares ADSs ), e ach representing 400 Ordinary
Shares . The following descriptions are a summary and do not purport to be complete and is
qualified by reference to our amended and restated articles of association (the Articles ), which are filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-K. 

General 

Our authorized share capital
consists of 20,000,000,000 ordinary shares, no par value each. All of our outstanding ordinary shares are validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable. Our ordinary shares are not redeemable and do not have any preemptive rights. 

Registration Number and Purposes of the Company 

Our
number with the Israeli Registrar of Companies is 513436105. Our purpose is set forth in our Articles of Association is to engage in every
lawful purpose in the field of biotechnology. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of our ordinary shares
have one vote for each ordinary share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders at a shareholder meeting. Shareholders may
vote at shareholder meetings either in person, by proxy or by written ballot. Israeli law does not allow public companies to adopt shareholder
resolutions by means of written consent in lieu of a shareholder meeting. The board of directors shall determine and provide a record
date for each shareholders meeting and all shareholders at such record date may vote. Unless stipulated differently in the Companies Law
or in the articles of association, all shareholders resolutions shall be approved by a simple majority vote. Except as otherwise
disclosed herein, an amendment to our articles of association requires the prior approval of the holders of at least 75 of our shares,
represented and voting at a general meeting. 

Our ordinary shares do not
have cumulative voting rights for the election of directors. As a result, the holders of a majority of the voting power represented at
a shareholders meeting have the power to elect all of our directors, subject to the special approval requirements for external directors
under the Israeli Companies Law. 

Transfer of Shares 

Our ordinary shares that are
fully paid for are issued in registered form and may be freely transferred under our articles of association, unless the transfer is restricted
or prohibited by applicable law or the rules of a stock exchange on which the shares are traded. The ownership or voting of our ordinary
shares by non-residents of Israel is not restricted in any way by our articles of association or Israeli law, except for ownership by
nationals of some countries that are, or have been, in a state of war with Israel. 

The Powers of the Directors 

Our board of directors shall
direct the Company s policy and shall supervise the performance of the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the
Companies Law and our articles of association, our board of directors may exercise all powers and take all actions that are not required
under law or under our articles of association to be exercised or taken by our shareholders, including the power to borrow money for company
purposes. 

Amendment of share capital 

Our articles of association
enable us to increase or reduce our share capital. Any such changes are subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and must be approved
by a resolution duly passed by our shareholders at a general or special meeting by voting on such change in the capital. In addition,
transactions that have the effect of reducing capital, such as the declaration and payment of dividends in the absence of sufficient retained
earnings and profits and an issuance of shares for less than their nominal value, require a resolution of our board of directors and court
approval. 

Dividends 

Under Israeli law, we may
declare and pay dividends only if, upon the determination of our board of directors, there is no reasonable concern that the distribution
will prevent us from being able to meet the terms of our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. Under the Companies
Law, the distribution amount is further limited to the greater of retained earnings or earnings generated over the two most recent years
legally available for distribution according to our then last reviewed or audited financial statements, provided that the date of the
financial statements is not more than six months prior to the date of distribution. In the event that we do not have retained earnings
or earnings generated over the two most recent years legally available for distribution, we may seek the approval of the court in order
to distribute a dividend. The court may approve our request if it is determines that there is no reasonable concern that the payment of
a dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. 

Election of Directors 

Our ordinary shares do not
have cumulative voting rights for the election of directors. As a result, the holders of a majority of the voting power represented at
a shareholders meeting have the power to elect all of our directors, subject to the special approval requirements for external directors
under the Israeli Companies Law. 

Under our articles of association,
our board of directors must consist of at least three and not more than eleven directors, including any external directors required by
Israeli law. Our board of directors currently consists of ten members, including our non-executive Chairman of the board of directors.
Our directors, excluding the external directors, are divided into three groups, as nearly equal in number as practicable, with staggered
three-year terms, each consisting of one-third of the directors, constituting our entire board of directors (other than the external directors).
At each annual meeting, the three-year duration of service of one group of directors shall expire and the directors of such group will
stand for election. Each of the directors or the successors elected to replace the directors of a group whose term shall have expired
at such annual meeting shall be elected to hold office until the third annual meeting held after the date of his or her election and until
his or her respective successor is elected. If no directors are appointed at the annual meeting, the directors appointed at the previous
annual meeting will continue their service. Directors whose service period has ended may be appointed again. 

Shareholder Meetings 

Under Israeli law, we are
required to hold an annual general meeting of our shareholders once every calendar year and in any event no later than 15 months after
the date of the previous annual general meeting. All meetings other than the annual general meeting of shareholders are referred to as
special meetings. Our board of directors may call special meetings whenever it sees fit, at such time and place, within or outside of
Israel, as it may determine. In addition, the Companies Law and our articles of association provide that our board of directors is required
to convene a special meeting upon the written request of (i) any two of our directors or one quarter of the directors then in office;
or (ii) one or more shareholders holding, in the aggregate either (a) 5 of our issued share capital and 1 of our outstanding voting
power, or (b) 5 of our outstanding voting power. 

Subject to the provisions
of the Companies Law and the regulations promulgated thereunder, shareholders entitled to participate and vote at general meetings are
the shareholders of record on a date to be decided by the board of directors. Furthermore, the Companies Law and our articles of association
require that resolutions regarding the following matters must be passed at a general meeting of our shareholders: 

amendments to our articles of association; 

appointment or termination of our auditors; 

appointment of directors and appointment and dismissal of external directors; 

approval of acts and transactions requiring general meeting approval pursuant to the Companies Law; 

director compensation, indemnification and change of the principal executive officer; 

2 

increases or reductions of our authorized share capital; 

a merger; 

the exercise of our board of directors powers by a general meeting, if our board of directors is unable to exercise its powers and the exercise of any of its powers is required for our proper management; and 

authorizing the chairman of the board of directors or his relative to act as the company s chief executive officer or act with such authority; or authorize the company s chief executive officer or his relative to act as the chairman of the board of directors or act with such authority. 

The Companies Law
requires that a notice of any annual or special shareholders meeting be provided at least 21 days prior to the meeting and if the
agenda of the meeting includes the appointment or removal of directors, the approval of transactions with office holders or
interested or related parties, or an approval of a merger, notice must be provided at least 35 days prior to the meeting. 

Quorum 

The quorum required for our
general meetings of shareholders consists of one or more shareholders present in person, by proxy or by other voting instrument in accordance
with the Companies Law who hold or represent, in the aggregate, at least 10 of the total outstanding voting rights, within half an hour
from the appointed time. 

A meeting adjourned for lack
of a quorum is adjourned to the same day in the following week at the same time and place or on a later date if so specified in the summons
or notice of the meeting. At the reconvened meeting, any number of our shareholders present in person or by proxy shall constitute a lawful
quorum. 

Resolutions 

Our articles of association
provide that all resolutions of our shareholders require a simple majority vote, unless otherwise required by applicable law or by another
provision of the articles of association. 

Israeli law provides that
a shareholder of a public company may vote in a meeting and in a class meeting by means of a written ballot in which the shareholder indicates
how he or she votes on resolutions relating to the following matters: 

an appointment or removal of directors; 

an approval of transactions with office holders or interested or related parties, that require shareholder approval; 

an approval of a merger; 

authorizing the chairman of the board of directors or his relative to act as the company s chief executive officer or act with such authority; or authorize the company s chief executive officer or his relative to act as the chairman of the board of directors or act with such authority; 

any other matter that is determined in the articles of association to be voted on by way of a written ballot. Our articles of association do not stipulate any additional matters; and 

other matters which may be prescribed by Israel s Minister of Justice. 

The provision allowing the
vote by written ballot does not apply where the voting power of the controlling shareholder is sufficient to determine the vote. 

3 

The Companies Law provides
that a shareholder, in exercising his or her rights and performing his or her obligations toward the company and its other shareholders,
must act in good faith and in a customary manner, and avoid abusing his or her power. This is required when voting at general meetings
on matters such as changes to the articles of association, increasing the company s registered capital, mergers and approval of
certain interested or related party transactions. A shareholder also has a general duty to refrain from depriving any other shareholder
of its rights as a shareholder. In addition, any controlling shareholder, any shareholder who knows that its vote can determine the outcome
of a shareholder vote and any shareholder who, under such company s articles of association, can appoint or prevent the appointment
of an office holder or other power towards the company, is required to act with fairness towards the company. The Companies Law does not
describe the substance of this duty except that the remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will also apply to a breach
of the duty to act with fairness, and, to the best of our knowledge, there is no binding case law that addresses this subject directly. 

Under the Companies Law, unless
provided otherwise in a company s articles of association, a resolution at a shareholders meeting requires approval by a simple
majority of the voting rights represented at the meeting, in person, by proxy or written ballot, and voting on the resolution. Generally,
a resolution for the voluntary winding up of the company requires the approval of holders of 75 of the voting rights represented at the
meeting, in person, by proxy or by written ballot and voting on the resolution. 

In the event of our liquidation,
after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, our assets will be distributed to the holders of our ordinary shares in proportion to
their shareholdings. This right, as well as the right to receive dividends, may be affected by the grant of preferential dividend or distribution
rights to the holders of a class of shares with preferential rights that may be authorized in the future. 

Access to Corporate Records 

Under the Companies Law, all
shareholders of a company generally have the right to review minutes of the company s general meetings, its shareholders register
and principal shareholders register, articles of association, financial statements and any document it is required by law to file publicly
with the Israeli Companies Registrar and the ISA. Any of our shareholders may request to review any document in our possession that relates
to any action or transaction with a related party, interested party or office holder that requires shareholder approval under the Companies
Law. We may deny a request to review a document if we determine that the request was not made in good faith, that the document contains
a commercial secret or a patent or that the document s disclosure may otherwise prejudice our interests. 

Acquisitions under Israeli Law 

Full Tender Offer 

A person wishing to acquire
shares of a public Israeli company and who would as a result hold over 90 of the target company s issued and outstanding share
capital is required by the Companies Law to make a tender offer to all of the company s shareholders for the purchase of all of
the issued and outstanding shares of the company. A person wishing to acquire shares of a public Israeli company and who would as a result
hold over 90 of the issued and outstanding share capital of a certain class of shares is required to make a tender offer to all of the
shareholders who hold shares of the same class for the purchase of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the same class. If the
shareholders who do not accept the offer hold less than 5 of the issued and outstanding share capital of the company or of the applicable
class, all of the shares that the acquirer offered to purchase will be transferred to the acquirer by operation of law (provided that
a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal interest in such tender offer shall have approved the tender offer except that
if the total votes to reject the tender offer represent less than 2 of the company s issued and outstanding share capital, in the
aggregate, approval by a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal interest in such tender offer is not required to complete
the tender offer). However, a shareholder that had its shares so transferred may petition the court within six months from the date of
acceptance of the full tender offer, whether or not such shareholder agreed to the tender or not, to determine whether the tender offer
was for less than fair value and whether the fair value should be paid as determined by the court unless the acquirer stipulated in the
tender offer that a shareholder that accepts the offer may not seek appraisal rights, so long as prior to the acceptance of the full tender
offer, the acquirer and the company disclosed the information required by law in connection with the full tender offer. If the shareholders
who did not accept the tender offer hold 5 or more of the issued and outstanding share capital of the company or of the applicable class,
the acquirer may not acquire shares of the company that will increase its holdings to more than 90 of the company s issued and
outstanding share capital or of the applicable class from shareholders who accepted the tender offer. 

4 

Special Tender Offer 

The Companies Law provides
that an acquisition of shares of a public Israeli company must be made by means of a special tender offer if as a result of the acquisition
the purchaser would become a holder of 25 or more of the voting rights in the company, unless one of the exemptions in the Companies
Law is met. This rule does not apply if there is already another holder of at least 25 of the voting rights in the company. Similarly,
the Companies Law provides that an acquisition of shares in a public company must be made by means of a tender offer if as a result of
the acquisition the purchaser would become a holder of 45 or more of the voting rights in the company, if there is no other shareholder
of the company who holds 45 or more of the voting rights in the company, unless one of the exemptions in the Companies Law is met. 

A special tender offer must
be extended to all shareholders of a company, but the offeror is not required to purchase shares representing more than 5 of the voting
power attached to the company s outstanding shares, regardless of how many shares are tendered by shareholders. A special tender
offer may be consummated only if (i) at least 5 of the voting power attached to the company s outstanding shares will be acquired
by the offeror and (ii) the number of shares tendered in the offer exceeds the number of shares whose holders objected to the offer. 

If a special tender offer
is accepted, then the purchaser or any person or entity controlling it or under common control with the purchaser or such controlling
person or entity may not make a subsequent tender offer for the purchase of shares of the target company and may not enter into a merger
with the target company for a period of one year from the date of the offer, unless the purchaser or such person or entity undertook to
effect such an offer or merger in the initial special tender offer. 

Under regulations enacted
pursuant to the Companies Law, the above special tender offer requirements may not apply to companies whose shares are listed for trading
on a foreign stock exchange if, among other things, the relevant foreign laws or the rules of the stock exchange, include provisions limiting
the percentage of control which may be acquired or that the purchaser is required to make a tender offer to the public. However, the Israeli
Securities Authority s opinion is that such leniency does not apply with respect to companies whose shares are listed for trading
on stock exchanges in the United States, including the NASDAQ Capital Market, which do not provide for sufficient legal restrictions on
obtaining control or an obligation to make a tender offer to the public, therefore the special tender offer requirements shall apply to
such companies. 

Merger 

The Companies Law permits
merger transactions if approved by each party s board of directors and, unless certain requirements described under the Companies
Law are met, a majority of each party s shares voted on the proposed merger at a shareholders meeting called with at least
35 days prior notice. 

For purposes of the shareholder
vote, unless a court rules otherwise, the merger will not be deemed approved if a majority of the shares represented at the shareholders
meeting that are held by parties other than the other party to the merger, or by any person who holds 25 or more of the outstanding shares
or the right to appoint 25 or more of the directors of the other party, vote against the merger. If the transaction would have been approved
but for the separate approval of each class or the exclusion of the votes of certain shareholders as provided above, a court may still
approve the merger upon the request of holders of at least 25 of the voting rights of a company, if the court holds that the merger is
fair and reasonable, taking into account the value of the parties to the merger and the consideration offered to the shareholders. 

Upon the request of a creditor
of either party to the proposed merger, the court may delay or prevent the merger if it concludes that there exists a reasonable concern
that, as a result of the merger, the surviving company will be unable to satisfy the obligations of any of the parties to the merger,
and may further give instructions to secure the rights of creditors. 

In addition, a merger may
not be completed unless at least 50 days have passed from the date that a proposal for approval of the merger was filed by each party
with the Israeli Registrar of Companies and 30 days have passed from the date the merger was approved by the shareholders of each party. 

5 

Antitakeover Measures 

The Companies Law allows us
to create and issue shares having rights different from those attached to our ordinary shares, including shares providing certain preferred
rights, distributions or other matters and shares having preemptive rights. As of the date of this annual report, we do not have any authorized
or issued shares other than our ordinary shares. In the future, if we do create and issue a class of shares other than ordinary shares,
such class of shares, depending on the specific rights that may be attached to them, may delay or prevent a takeover or otherwise prevent
our shareholders from realizing a potential premium over the market value of their ordinary shares. The authorization of a new class of
shares will require an amendment to our articles of association which requires the prior approval of the holders of at least 75 of our
shares at a general meeting. In addition, the rules and regulations of the TASE also limit the terms permitted with respect to a new class
of shares and prohibit any such new class of shares from having voting rights. Shareholders voting in such meeting will be subject to
the restrictions provided in the Companies Law as described above. 

Transfer Agent and Depositary 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our ordinary shares is Vstock Transfer, LLC. Our ADSs were issued pursuant to a Depositary Agreement entered into with The Bank of
New York Mellon, which acts as depositary. 

AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES 

The Bank of New York Mellon,
as depositary, registered and delivered American Depositary Shares, also referred to as ADSs. Each ADS represents four hundred (400) ordinary
shares (or a right to receive four hundred (400) ordinary shares) deposited with the principal Tel Aviv office of either of Bank Leumi
or Bank Hapoalim, as custodian for the depositary. Each ADS also represents any other securities, cash or other property which may be
held by the depositary. The depositary s office at which the ADSs are administered is located at 101 Barclay Street, New York, New
York 10286. The Bank of New York Mellon s principal executive office is located at One Wall Street, New York, New York 10286. 

You may hold ADSs either (A)
directly (i) by having an American Depositary Receipt, also referred to as an ADR, which is a certificate evidencing a specific number
of ADSs, registered in your name, or (ii) by having ADSs registered in your name in the Direct Registration System, or DRS, or (B) indirectly
by holding a security entitlement in ADSs through your broker or other financial institution. If you hold ADSs directly, you are a registered
ADS holder, also referred to as an ADS holder. This description assumes you are an ADS holder. If you hold the ADSs indirectly, you must
rely on the procedures of your broker or other financial institution to assert the rights of ADS holders described in this section. You
should consult with your broker or financial institution to find out what those procedures are. 

The DRS is a system administered
by The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, under which the depositary may register the ownership of uncertificated ADSs, which ownership
is confirmed by periodic statements sent by the depositary to the registered holders of uncertificated ADSs. 

As an ADS holder, we will
not treat you as one of our shareholders and you will not have shareholder rights. Israeli law governs shareholder rights. The depositary
will be the holder of the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs. As a registered holder of ADSs, you will have ADS holder rights. A deposit
agreement among us, the depositary, ADS holders and all other persons indirectly or beneficially holding ADSs sets out ADS holder rights
as well as the rights and obligations of the depositary. New York law governs the deposit agreement and the ADSs. 

The following is a summary
of the material provisions of the deposit agreement. For more complete information, you should read the entire deposit agreement and the
form of ADR. 

Dividends and Other Distributions 

How will you receive
dividends and other distributions on the shares? 

The depositary has agreed
to pay to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on ordinary shares or other deposited securities,
after deducting its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of ordinary shares your ADSs represent. 

6 

Cash . The depositary
will convert any cash dividend or other cash distribution we pay on the ordinary shares into U.S. dollars, if it can do so on a reasonable
basis and can transfer the U.S. dollars to the United States. If that is not possible or if any government approval is needed and cannot
be obtained, the deposit agreement allows the depositary to distribute the foreign currency only to those ADS holders to whom it is possible
to do so. It will hold the foreign currency it cannot convert for the account of the ADS holders who have not been paid. It will not invest
the foreign currency and it will not be liable for any interest. 

Before making a distribution,
the depositary will deduct any withholding taxes, or other required governmental charges. The depositary will distribute only whole U.S.
dollars and cents and will round fractional cents to the nearest whole cent. If the exchange rates fluctuate during a time when the depositary
cannot convert the foreign currency, you may lose some or all of the value of the distribution. 

Shares . The depositary
may distribute additional ADSs representing any ordinary shares we distribute as a dividend or free distribution. The depositary will
only distribute whole ADSs. It may sell ordinary shares which would require it to deliver a fraction of an ADS and distribute the net
proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. If the depositary does not distribute additional ADSs, the outstanding ADSs will also represent
the new shares. The depositary may sell a portion of the distributed ordinary shares sufficient to pay its fees and expenses in connection
with that distribution. 

Rights to purchase additional
shares . If we offer holders of our securities any rights to subscribe for additional ordinary shares or any other rights,
the depositary may make these rights available to ADS holders. If the depositary decides it is not legal and practical to make the rights
available but that it is practical to sell the rights, the depositary will use reasonable efforts to sell the rights and distribute the
proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. The depositary will allow rights that are not distributed or sold to lapse. In that
case, you will receive no value for them. 

If the depositary makes rights
available to ADS holders, it will exercise the rights and purchase the ordinary shares on your behalf. The depositary will then deposit
the ordinary shares and deliver ADSs to the persons entitled to them. It will only exercise rights if you pay it the exercise price and
any other charges the rights require you to pay. 

U.S. securities laws may restrict
transfers and cancellation of the ADSs represented by ordinary shares purchased upon exercise of rights. For example, you may not be able
to trade these ADSs freely in the United States. In this case, the depositary may deliver restricted depositary shares that have the same
terms as the ADSs described in this section except for changes needed to put the necessary restrictions in place. 

Other Distributions . The
depositary will send to ADS holders anything else we distribute on deposited securities by any means it thinks is legal, fair and practical.
If it cannot make the distribution in that way, the depositary will have a choice. It may decide to sell what we distributed and distribute
the net proceeds, in the same way as it does with cash. Or, it may decide to hold what we distributed, in which case ADSs will also represent
the newly distributed property. However, the depositary is not required to distribute any securities (other than ADSs) to ADS holders
unless it receives reasonably satisfactory evidence from us that it is legal to make that distribution. The depositary may sell a portion
of the distributed securities or property sufficient to pay its fees and expenses in connection with that distribution 

The depositary is not responsible
if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any ADS holders. We have no obligation to register
ADSs, shares, rights or other securities under the Securities Act. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution
of ADSs, shares, rights or anything else to ADS holders. This means that you may not receive the distributions we make on our ordinary
shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to you . 

7 

Deposit, Withdrawal and
Cancellation 

How are ADSs issued? 

The depositary will deliver
ADSs if you or your broker deposits ordinary shares or evidence of rights to receive ordinary shares with the custodian. Upon payment
of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will register
the appropriate number of ADSs in the names you request and will deliver the ADSs to or upon the order of the person or persons that made
the deposit. 

How can ADS holders withdraw the
deposited securities? 

You may surrender your ADSs
at the depositary s office. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer
taxes or fees, the depositary will deliver the ordinary shares and any other deposited securities underlying the ADSs to the ADS holder
or a person the ADS holder designates at the office of the custodian. Or, at your request, risk and expense, the depositary will deliver
the deposited securities at its office, if feasible. 

How do ADS holders interchange
between certificated ADSs and uncertificated ADSs? 

You may surrender your ADR
to the depositary for the purpose of exchanging your ADR for uncertificated ADSs. The depositary will cancel that ADR and will send to
the ADS holder a statement confirming that the ADS holder is the registered holder of uncertificated ADSs. Alternatively, upon receipt
by the depositary of a proper instruction from a registered holder of uncertificated ADSs requesting the exchange of uncertificated ADSs
for certificated ADSs, the depositary will execute and deliver to the ADS holder an ADR evidencing those ADSs. 

Voting Rights 

How do you vote? 

ADS holders may instruct the
depositary how to vote the number of deposited ordinary shares their ADSs represent. Otherwise, you won t be able to exercise
your right to vote unless you withdraw the shares. However, you may not know about the meeting sufficiently in advance to withdraw the
shares. 

The depositary will notify
ADS holders of shareholders meetings and arrange to deliver our voting materials to them if we ask it to. Those materials will
describe the matters to be voted on and explain how ADS holders may instruct the depositary how to vote. For instructions to be valid,
they much reach the depositary by a date set by the depositary. 

The depositary will try, as
far as practical, subject to the laws of Israel and of our articles of association or similar documents, to vote or to have its agents
vote the ordinary shares or other deposited securities as instructed by ADS holders. The depositary will only vote or attempt to vote
as instructed or as described in the following sentence. If we ask the depositary to solicit your instructions at least 30 days before
the meeting date but the depositary does not receive voting instructions from you by the specified date, it will consider you to have
authorized and directed it to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by us to vote the number of deposited securities represented
by your ADSs. The depositary will give a discretionary proxy in those circumstances to vote on all questions at to be voted upon unless
we notify the depositary that: 

we do not wish to receive a discretionary proxy; 

there is substantial shareholder opposition to the particular question; or 

the particular question would have an adverse impact on our shareholders. 

8 

We are required to notify
the depositary if one of the conditions specified above exists. 

We cannot assure you that
you will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote your shares. In addition, the depositary
and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of carrying out voting instructions.
 This means that you may not be able to exercise your right to vote and there may be nothing you can do if your ordinary shares are
not voted as you requested. 

In order to give you a reasonable
opportunity to instruct the Depositary as to the exercise of voting rights relating to Deposited Securities, if we request the Depositary
to act, we agree to give the Depositary notice of any such meeting and details concerning the matters to be voted upon at least 30 days
in advance of the meeting date. 

Fees and Expenses 

Persons depositing or withdrawing ordinary shares or 
 ADS holders must pay : 
 
 For : 
 
 5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs (or portion of 100 ADSs) 

Issuance of ADSs, including issuances resulting from a distribution of ordinary shares or rights or other property Cancellation of ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal, including if the deposit agreement terminates 

.05 (or less) per ADS 

Any cash distribution to ADS holders 

A fee equivalent to the fee that would be payable if securities distributed to you had been ordinary shares and the ordinary shares had been deposited for issuance of ADSs 

Distribution of securities distributed to holders of deposited securities which are distributed by the depositary to ADS holders 

.05 (or less) per ADS per calendar year 

Depositary services 

Registration or transfer fees 

Transfer and registration of ordinary shares on our share register to or from the name of the depositary or its agent when you deposit or withdraw ordinary shares 

Expenses of the depositary 

Cable, telex and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the deposit agreement) converting foreign currency to U.S. dollars 

Taxes and other governmental charges the depositary or the custodian has to pay on any ADSs or ordinary shares underlying ADSs, such as stock transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes 

As necessary 

Any charges incurred by the depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities 

As necessary 

The depositary collects its
fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing ordinary shares or surrendering ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal
or from intermediaries acting for them. The depositary collects fees for making distributions to investors by deducting those fees from
the amounts distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. The depositary may collect its annual fee for
depositary services by deduction from cash distributions or by directly billing investors or by charging the book-entry system accounts
of participants acting for them. The depositary may collect any of its fees by deduction from any cash distribution payable to ADS holders
that are obligated to pay those fees. The depositary may generally refuse to provide fee-attracting services until its fees for those
services are paid. 

9 

From time to time, the depositary
may make payments to us to reimburse and/or share revenue from the fees collected from ADS holders, or waive fees and expenses for services
provided, generally relating to costs and expenses arising out of establishment and maintenance of the ADS program. In performing its
duties under the deposit agreement, the depositary may use brokers, dealers or other service providers that are affiliates of the depositary
and that may earn or share fees or commissions. 

Payment of Taxes 

You will be responsible for
any taxes or other governmental charges payable on your ADSs or on the deposited securities represented by any of your ADSs. 

Reclassifications, Recapitalizations
and Mergers 

If we: 
 
 Then: 

Change
 the nominal or par value of our shares 
 
 Reclassify,
 split up or consolidate any of the deposited securities 
 
 The cash, ordinary shares or other securities received by the depositary will become deposited securities. Each ADS will automatically represent its equal share of the new deposited securities. 

Distribute
 securities on the ordinary shares that are not distributed to you 
 
 Recapitalize,
 reorganize, merge, liquidate, sell all or substantially all of our assets, or take any similar action 
 
 The depositary may distribute new ADSs representing the new deposited securities or ask you to surrender your outstanding ADRs in exchange for new ADRs identifying the new deposited securities. 

Amendment and Termination 

How may the deposit
agreement be amended? 

We may agree with the depositary
to amend the deposit agreement and the ADSs without your consent for any reason. If an amendment adds or increases fees or charges, except
for taxes and other governmental charges or expenses of the depositary for registration fees, facsimile costs, delivery charges or similar
items, or prejudices a substantial right of ADS holders, it will not become effective for outstanding ADSs until 30 days after the depositary
notifies ADS holders of the amendment. At the time an amendment becomes effective, you are considered, by continuing to hold your ADSs,
to agree to the amendment and to be bound by the ADRs and the deposit agreement as amended . 

How may the deposit
agreement be terminated? 

The depositary will terminate
the deposit agreement at our direction by mailing notice of termination to the ADS holders at least 30 days prior to the date fixed in
such notice for such termination. The depositary may also terminate the deposit agreement by mailing notice of termination to us and the
ADS holders if 60 days have passed from the date on which the depositary told us it wants to resign but a successor depositary has not
been appointed and accepted its appointment. 

After termination, the depositary
and its agents will do the following under the deposit agreement but nothing else: collect distributions on the deposited securities,
sell rights and other property, and deliver ordinary shares and other deposited securities upon cancellation of ADSs. Four months after
termination, the depositary may sell any remaining deposited securities by public or private sale. After that, the depositary will hold
the money it received on the sale, as well as any other cash it is holding under the deposit agreement for the pro rata benefit of the
ADS holders that have not surrendered their ADSs. It will not invest the money and has no liability for interest. The depositary s
only obligations will be to account for the money and other cash. After termination our only obligations will be to indemnify the depositary
and to pay fees and expenses of the depositary that we agreed to pay. 

10 

Limitations on Obligations
and Liability 

Limits on our Obligations
and the Obligations of the Depositary; Limits on Liability to Holders of ADSs 

The deposit agreement expressly
limits our obligations and the obligations of the depositary. It also limits our liability and the liability of the depositary. We and
the depositary: 

are only obligated to take the actions specifically set forth in the deposit agreement without negligence or bad faith; 

are not liable if we are or it are prevented or delayed by law or circumstances beyond our or its control from performing our or its obligations under the deposit agreement; 

are not liable if we or it exercise discretion permitted under the deposit agreement; 

are not liable for the inability of any holder of ADSs to benefit from any distribution on deposited securities that is not made available to holders of ADSs under the terms of the deposit agreement, or for any special, consequential or punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the deposit agreement; 

have no obligation to become involved in a lawsuit or other proceeding related to the ADSs or the deposit agreement on your behalf or on behalf of any other person; 

are not liable for the acts or omissions of any securities depository, clearing agency or settlement system; and 

may rely upon any documents we believe or it believe in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person. 

In the deposit agreement,
we and the depositary agree to indemnify each other under certain circumstances. 

Requirements for Depositary
Actions 

Before the depositary will
deliver or register a transfer of ADSs, make a distribution on ADSs, or permit withdrawal of shares, the depositary may require: 

payment of stock transfer or other taxes or other governmental charges and transfer or registration fees charged by third parties for the transfer of any ordinary shares or other deposited securities; 

satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other information it deems necessary; and 

compliance with regulations it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit agreement, including presentation of transfer documents. 

11 

The depositary may refuse
to deliver ADSs or register transfers of ADSs when the transfer books of the depositary or our transfer books are closed or at any time
if the depositary or we think it advisable to do so. 

Your Right to Receive the
Ordinary Shares Underlying your ADSs 

ADS holders have the right
to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares at any time except: 

when temporary delays arise because: (i) the depositary has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books; (ii) the transfer of ordinary shares is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders meeting; or (iii) we are paying a dividend on our shares; 

when you owe money to pay fees, taxes and similar charges; or 

when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or other deposited securities. 

This right of withdrawal may
not be limited by any other provision of the deposit agreement. 

Pre-release of ADSs 

The deposit agreement permits
the depositary to deliver ADSs before deposit of the underlying shares. This is called a pre-release of the ADSs. The depositary may also
deliver ordinary shares upon cancellation of pre-released ADSs (even if the ADSs are canceled before the pre-release transaction has been
closed out). A pre-release is closed out as soon as the underlying ordinary shares are delivered to the depositary. The depositary may
receive ADSs instead of ordinary shares to close out a pre-release. The depositary may pre-release ADSs only under the following conditions:
(1) before or at the time of the pre-release, the person to whom the pre-release is being made represents to the depositary in writing
that it or its customer owns the ordinary shares or ADSs to be deposited; (2) the pre-release is fully collateralized with cash or other
collateral that the depositary considers appropriate; and (3) the depositary must be able to close out the pre-release on not more than
five business days notice. In addition, the depositary will limit the number of ADSs that may be outstanding at any time as a result
of pre-release, although the depositary may disregard the limit from time to time if it thinks it is appropriate to do so. 

Direct Registration System 

In the deposit agreement,
all parties to the deposit agreement acknowledge that DRS and the Profile Modification System, or Profile, will apply to uncertificated
ADSs upon acceptance thereof to DRS by DTC. DRS is the system administered by DTC under which the depositary may register the ownership
of uncertificated ADSs, which ownership will be confirmed by periodic statements sent by the depositary to the registered holders of uncertificated
ADSs. Profile is a required feature of DRS that allows a DTC participant, claiming to act on behalf of a registered holder of ADSs, to
direct the depositary to register a transfer of those ADSs to DTC or its nominee and to deliver those ADSs to the DTC account of that
DTC participant without receipt by the depositary of prior authorization from the ADS holder to register that transfer. 

In connection with and in
accordance with the arrangements and procedures relating to DRS/Profile, the parties to the deposit agreement understand that the depositary
will not determine whether the DTC participant that is claiming to be acting on behalf of an ADS holder in requesting registration of
transfer and delivery described in the paragraph above has the actual authority to act on behalf of the ADS holder (notwithstanding any
requirements under the Uniform Commercial Code). In the deposit agreement, the parties agree that the depositary s reliance on and
compliance with instructions received by the depositary through the DRS/Profile System and in accordance with the deposit agreement will
not constitute negligence or bad faith on the part of the depositary. 

Shareholder communications;
inspection of register of holders of ADSs 

The depositary will make
available for your inspection at its office all communications that it receives from us as a holder of deposited securities that we make
generally available to holders of deposited securities. The depositary will send you copies of those communications if we ask it to.
You have a right to inspect the register of holders of ADSs, but not for the purpose of contacting those holders about a matter unrelated
to our business or the ADSs. 

12 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-8_biondvax.htm
 ADDENDUM TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DATED MAY 28, 2015, BETWEEN BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. AND DR. TAMAR-BEN YEDIDIA

Exhibit 10.8 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-9_biondvax.htm
 ADDENDUM TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DATED APRIL 1, 2012, BETWEEN BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. AND DR. TAMAR-BEN YEDIDIA

Exhibit 10.9 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-10_biondvax.htm
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 5, 2018, BETWEEN BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. AND ELAD MARK

Exhibit 10.10 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.21>
 7
 f10k2022ex10-21_biondvax.htm
 AMENDMENT AGREEMENT DATED AUGUST 9, 2022, TO FINANCE CONTRACT DATED JUNE 19, 2017 AND AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, BY AND BETWEEN BIONDVAX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD. AND THE EUROPEAN INVESTMENT BANK

Exhibit 10.21 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-14.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex14-1_biondvax.htm
 CODE OF CONDUCT

Exhibit
14.1 

BIONDVAX
PHARMACEUTICAL LTD. 

CODE
OF CONDUCT 

Introduction 

It
is the policy of BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company to conduct its affairs
in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it does business. This Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (this Code applies to the Company s employees, officers and directors (each an Associate ).
This Code is designed to: 

promote
 honest and ethical conduct by all of the Company s Associates, including the ethical
 handling by such persons of actual or apparent conflicts of interest; 

promote
 full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in the reports and documents the
 Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; 

promote
 compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

ensure
 the prompt internal reporting to the appropriate person of violations of this Code; and 

ensure
 accountability for adherence to this Code. 

All
the Associates of the Company are subject to this Code and are expected to adhere to and comply with those principles and procedures
set forth in this Code which apply to them. All the Associates are expected to act with integrity and adhere to the highest standards
of ethics and business conduct in dealing with each other and with the Company s shareholders, customers, vendors, partners, service
providers, competitors and all other third parties with whom an Associate has contact in the course of performing his or her job. 

The
Company will take such disciplinary or preventative action as it deems appropriate to address any existing or potential violation of
this Code brought to its attention. To the extent this Code requires a higher standard than required by commercial practice or applicable
laws, rules or regulations, we adhere to these higher standards. 

Approvals
and Waivers 

Certain
provisions of this Code require you to act, or to refrain from acting, unless prior approval is received from the appropriate person.
Employees requesting approval pursuant to this Code should request such approval in writing from the Chairman of the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors. Approvals relating to executive officers and directors must be obtained from the Company s Board of
Directors. All other approvals may be granted by the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, or such officer s
designee. 

Other
provisions of this Code require you to act, or to refrain from acting, in a particular manner and do not permit exceptions based on obtaining
an approval. Waiver of those provisions relating to executive officers, senior financial officers and directors may only be granted by
the Board of Directors. 

Responsibility
for Compliance 

Responsibility
of Company Associates 

You
are obligated to adhere to this policy in the performance of your job responsibilities. 

When
faced with a situation that requires an evaluation of whether something is considered proper business conduct, you can apply the following
criteria: (i) Is the course of conduct legal? Is the course of conduct in accordance with the guidelines set forth in this Code and with
Company policies and procedures? (ii) Would you or the Company be compromised or embarrassed if the situation were known by your co-workers
or the public? Does the intended course of conduct have the appearance of impropriety? 

If
you are unable to provide a positive answer to both parts of (i) and a negative answer to both parts of (ii) with certainty, seek advice
through the channels described in the immediately following section. 

Note
 that failure to report a violation of this Code is in itself a violation of this Code. 

Seeking
advice or reporting non-compliance 

If
you suspect non-compliance, or have a question as to any aspect of this Code, including its interpretation, application or compliance
therewith, regarding yourself or any other Associate of the Company, you must seek the advice of and report to the appropriate Company
authority, such as your immediate supervisor or the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. If for any reason you
feel uncomfortable discussing your concerns or questions with such individuals, or if you are dissatisfied with their responses, seek
advice from the Internal Auditor. 

Mr.
Adi Raviv (Chairman of the Audit Committee); adi.raviv@biondvax.com; Tel: +1-(917) 518-4568. 

Yisrael
Gewirtz (Internal Auditor); e-mail: Yisrael.Gewirtz@il.gt.com; Tel: +972-(0)3-710-6555. Cell: +972-(0)50-823-0438 

The
Company s policy prohibits discrimination, harassment and retaliation against any Associate who in good faith provides any information
or otherwise assists in any investigation or proceeding regarding any potential violation of this Policy. 

Disciplinary
action 

The
Company intends to prevent the occurrence of conduct not in compliance with the Code, applicable laws or regulations, or other policies,
procedures and guidelines prepared by the Company and its business units and to prevent or halt any such conduct that may occur prior
to its occurrence or as soon as reasonably possible after its discovery. Allegations of non-compliance with the Code will be investigated
whenever necessary and evaluated at the proper level(s). Allegations of violations by a director or executive officer of the Company
will be investigated by the Audit Committee (or another independent committee of the Board), who will report its findings to the Board
of Directors. Allegations of violations by a person other than a director or executive officer will be investigated by the Internal Auditor,
who will report its determinations to the CEO (or, if the allegation involves the CEO, the Chairman of the Audit Committee). Upon receipt
of a determination that there has been a violation of this Code, the Board of Directors or (for persons other than executive officers
or directors of the Company) the CEO will take such preventative or disciplinary action as it deems appropriate, including but not limited
to, reassignment, demotion, or termination of employment. Criminal misconduct may be referred to the appropriate legal authorities for
prosecution. 

Reporting
Potential Violations 

If
you think you are being asked to act or conduct business in an illegal, unethical, or otherwise inappropriate manner, or you suspect
others of such behavior, immediately report your concerns through the appropriate channels described above. You will not be penalized
for reporting what you believe, in good faith, to be a breach of the Code, even if it later become evident that no violation had occurred. 

2 

The
Employment Relationship 

Terms
of employment 

The
Company employees are generally employed by the Company, either pursuant to an employment contract or other arrangement. Subject to applicable
law, both the employee and the employer are legally allowed to terminate the employment at will. This Code or any part thereof may be
revised from time to time at the Company s discretion and is not and shall not be construed as a contract of employment. 

Anti-discrimination
and anti-harassment 

The
Company hires, pays, promotes, and makes other employment decisions based upon lawful factors, such as qualifications and performance,
and without regard to gender, race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or any other basis that
is protected under applicable law. 

Drugs,
alcohol and smoking 

The
Company prohibits the illegal use, sale, purchase, transfer, possession or presence in one s system of drugs, other than medically
prescribed drugs, while on the Company s premises. 

The
possession, consumption, purchase or sale of alcohol on Company premises is prohibited. Furthermore, no employee shall be under the influence
of alcohol while performing Company business off Company premises. Any exception to this Policy for special situations, such as a Company
party or event, must be approved by a Company officer, and even in such special situations, Company employees must exercise judgment
and act responsibly. 

In
addition, persons whose positions with the Company require driving Company equipment or vehicles as a part of their work may not drive
such equipment or vehicles while under the influence of alcohol. 

Smoking
is not permitted on Company premises. 

Workplace
violence 

The
Company does not tolerate (i) workplace violence or threats of violence committed by or against employees or property, (ii) any harassment
or abuse (including sexual harassment), or (iii) any other form of bullying or intimidation in the workplace. 

Conflict
of interest and opportunities for personal gain 

Associates
must avoid relationships, activities or interests that conflict or appear to conflict with the best interests of the Company and must
avoid any personal activity, investment or association that may interfere with using good judgment concerning the Company s best
interests. Associates may not exploit their position or relationship with the Company for personal gain. Associates have an obligation
to promptly disclose to their supervisor, the internal auditor or the Chairman of the Audit Committee any relationship, activity or interest
that could possibly involve or appear to involve an actual or potential conflict of interest. If you are unsure whether something is
a conflict of interest, you are obligated to promptly disclose it to your supervisor. 

Related
party transactions 

Associates
should immediately inform the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board or the Internal Auditor at the outset of negotiations or contacts
regarding a potential transaction between an entity or a person related to an Associate of the Company and in any event prior to completion
of any such transaction (without regard to size or materiality). 

Bribes,
Kickbacks, Gifts or Other Types of Unusual Payments 

You
may never accept bribes, kickbacks, or other types of unusual payments from any organization or individual seeking to do business with,
doing business with, or competing with the Company. You may accept gifts or entertainment of nominal value as part of the normal business
process if public knowledge of your acceptance would cause the Company no conceivable embarrassment. In accordance with U.S. and other
foreign laws, you are generally prohibited from directly or indirectly authorizing, offering, promising or giving anything of value to
(i) a foreign governmental official and (ii) a physician or health care provider as a means of influencing or inducing such individual
to obtain or retain business for the Company. 

3 

Fraud 

You
may not engage in fraudulent conduct, including any deliberate practice of deception in order to receive unfair or unlawful gain. 

Outside
employment or consulting 

Employment
as a consultant, employee, officer, or manager of another business organization requires prior written management approval. Outside employment
or consulting must never interfere with your job performance, utilize Company property or facilities, involve the implicit or explicit
sponsorship of the Company, or create the possibility of adverse publicity for the Company. 

Political
activity and contributions 

Requiring
anyone at Company to make a personal or corporate contribution to any candidate, political party, or holder of any governmental office
is prohibited. You are free to participate in lawful political activity. 

Financial
reporting 

All
financial and other records of the Company are required to accurately and fairly reflect the Company s assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses. 

Company
records and accounts 

All
Company records and accounts are the property of the Company. Company records and accounts must be maintained at all times in reasonable
detail and in a manner that accurately reflects all business and financial transactions, including the disposition of assets. The destruction
or falsification of a document in order to impede a litigation, governmental investigation, audit or examination is prohibited and may
lead to prosecution for obstruction of justice. 

Protection
of the Company s Property 

All
Associates should endeavor to protect the Company s property, plant and other tangible and intangible assets. Company property
should not be used for non-Company business, though incidental personal use may be permitted. 

Expense
accounts 

The
Company recognizes that it may have a responsibility to reimburse you for legitimate business expenses. Those expenses should be within
reasonable limits and commensurate with the nature of the business assignment. You are expected to fully and clearly document business
expenses and comply any travel or other policy that applies to your business unit. 

Associate
privacy 

Company
information about Associates is confidential and only those with a legitimate, work-related need may access such information. 

Proprietary
information and intellectual property 

Proprietary
business, technical, personal information or any trade secret of the Company and its Associates, customers and suppliers is considered
confidential and must be safeguarded. Intellectual property developed by you or by others for the Company, or for which the Company has
secured rights from others, should be used only for the benefit of the Company. Accordingly, all intellectual property rights derived
from confidential information or other materials made, originated or developed by the Company employees and/or officers shall belong
exclusively to the Company, and the employees and/or officers who are the inventors or developers of such intellectual property rights
shall have no rights or benefits therein or deriving therefrom. You may not disclose proprietary information of the Company, its Associates,
customers, former Associates, former customers or suppliers. These prohibitions continue even if you cease being an Associate of the
Company for any reason. 

4 

Corporate
data security 

Corporate
data refers to all information collected, created, processed and/or maintained in the normal course of the Company s business.
The data may be in manual form (such as verbal, handwritten, typed onto hard copy, microfilmed, photocopied or computer printouts), electronic
form (such as e-mails, voice-mails, computer memory, cloud storage, magnetic tape, cassette, disk, or diskette), or Company specific
information included in computer applications programs, personal computing software, or operating system software. 

All
the Company Associates and any other person having physical or electronic access to corporate data are responsible for safeguarding corporate
data by keeping such corporate data confidential. 

Electronic
communications 

You
may not access or use the Company s electronic and wire communications systems without appropriate authority. No individual shall
use the passwords or codes of another individual in order to gain access to that individual s e-mail, voice mail, ERP system, automated
or control system, or Internet communications on the Company s systems unless first authorized to do so by that individual or the
Company. These systems are provided for Company business, and only occasional personal use of the systems is permissible. Occasional
personal use means minimal and infrequent use that does not interfere with the Company business or job performance. The Company s
systems may not be used to access or transmit material that could embarrass, harass, or offend the Company or other persons. 

Additional
rules and procedures regarding electronic communications are set forth in the Company s computer policy. 

External
communications 

Requests
for financial or business information, for interviews with any the Company Associates including comments or responding to requests relating
to the Company or its business, or the issuance of any press releases by any Company Associate must be referred to the CEO. 

Public
disclosure requirements 

All
reports and submissions Reports of the Company to the SEC and NASDAQ must comply with applicable legal and exchange
requirements and may not contain material misstatements or omit material facts. Each director, officer and employee who is involved in
the Company s disclosure process must: (a) be familiar with and comply with the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
and its internal control over financial reporting; and (b) take all necessary steps to ensure that all filings with the SEC and all other
public communications about the financial and business condition of the Company provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure. Each director, officer and employee who contributes in any way to the preparation or verification of the Company s
financial statements and other financial information must ensure that the Company s books, records and accounts are accurately
maintained. Each director, officer and employee must cooperate fully with the Company s accounting and internal audit departments,
as well as the Company s independent public accountants and counsel. 

Relationships
with Business Entities and Authorities 

Product
quality 

We
are committed to making safe quality products. We expect each Company employee and/or officer to contribute to these standards by providing
high quality work, being fully familiar with applicable laws and regulations that are pertinent to their areas of responsibility and
participating in training programs provided by the Company covering broad ranges of activities. The Company maintains a Quality Management
System that documents all of the Company policies, procedures and controls applicable to employees. 

Employees
and officers are also encouraged to exert diligence in identifying and preventing practices that could impair product quality, safety
or compliance with law. 

5 

Economic
Sanctions 

Company
Associates must comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the United States, Israel and other relevant jurisdictions relating
to economic and trade sanctions and embargoes against certain countries or entities. This includes refraining from indirect facilitation
of a prohibited transaction. 

Foreign
corrupt practices and anti-boycott laws 

In
accordance with the laws of the United States, Israel and other relevant jurisdictions, Company Associates are prohibited from directly
or indirectly authorizing, offering, promising or giving anything of value to a foreign governmental official as a means of influencing
or inducing the official to obtain or retain business for the Company. Company Associates are also required to comply with applicable
corrupt practices laws and anti-boycott laws that prohibit participation in certain foreign boycotts. 

Securities
laws compliance and insider trading 

All
the Company Associates must strictly obey all laws that prohibit the trading of securities based on prior knowledge of material
non-public information about the Company. You (and your relatives) may not trade Company stock or engage in any other action to
take advantage of or pass on to others such information, nor recommend to others that they trade the Company s stock until such
information ceases to be material non-public information . These restrictions also apply to any trading, including securities
of other companies, based on material, non-public information about customers, competitors or business partners or suppliers of the Company,
either when trading the Company s securities or the securities of such other companies as well. 

Unfair
trade practices and fair dealing 

The
company must comply with all applicable fair competition and antitrust laws. Such laws are intended to ensure that businesses compete
fairly and honestly and prohibit conduct seeking to reduce or restrain competition. All Company Associates must comply with applicable
laws in their place of employment and the laws of other applicable jurisdictions that prohibit unfair or deceptive business acts and
practices, as well as unfair competition. 

Environmental
protection 

The
Company is committed to full compliance with all applicable environmental protection laws and expects your individual cooperation. 

Health
and safety 

Associates
must observe safe practices on their jobs, report any injury or accident at work promptly. Specific rules and procedures regarding safety
are set forth in the following safety policies of the Company: 

Document Name 
 Document Number 

SFT-0000532 

SFT-0000532 

SFT-0000532 

SFT-0000534 

SFT-0000534 

SFT-0000535 

SFT-0000535 

SFT-0000536 

SFT-0000536 
 
 . 
 SFT-0000537 
 
 . 
 SFT-0000537 

SFT-0000538 

SFT-0000538 

SFT-0000977 

QAP-047 

6 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex23-1_biondvax.htm
 CONSENT OF KOST FORER GABBAY & KASIERER, CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT (ISR.), A MEMBER OF ERNST & YOUNG GLOBAL, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
(Form S-8 No. 333-239344) pertaining to the 2005 Israeli Share Option Plan and the 2018 Israeli Share Option Plan of Biondvax Pharmaceuticals
Ltd. of our report dated April 17, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Biondvax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. included in this Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer 

 Kost Forer Gabbay Kasierer 

A member firm of Ernst Young Global 

Tel Aviv,
Israel 

 April 17,
2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 f10k2022ex31-1_biondvax.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Amir Reichman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of BiondVax
Pharmaceuticals Ltd.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Amir Reichman 

Name: 
 Amir Reichman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 f10k2022ex31-2_biondvax.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Uri Ben-Or, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of BiondVax
Pharmaceuticals Ltd.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Uri Ben-Or 

Uri Ben-Or 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 f10k2022ex32-1_biondvax.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter
63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Amir Reichman, Chief Executive Officer, of BiondVax
Pharmaceuticals Ltd., an Israel corporation, do hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) that: 

(1) The Report of the Company
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Amir Reichman 

Amir Reichman 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and will be retained by BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 f10k2022ex32-2_biondvax.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter
63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Uri Ben-Or, Chief Financial Officer, of BiondVax
Pharmaceuticals Ltd., an Israel corporation, do hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections
(a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) that: 

(1) The Report of the Company
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Uri Ben-Or 

Uri Ben-Or 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and will be retained by BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 44
 adr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 45
 adr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 46
 adr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 47
 adr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 48
 adr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

